went to the ribbon cutting at the church you go to. It looks very nice!
By this time tomorrow I will have done nothing but spend the entire day relaxing on the beach drinking beer.
These #TysonDinasourNuggets aren't as yummy as they used to be.
On to the next one
Yay! We're on the air for the first time right now! The Janita Poe Show, 1-855-POE-SHOW, 1-855-763-7469.
1. Plug up holes in ur AC unit w/ plastic film, foam or caulking. This boosts insulation around older windows where drafts are most likely.
Oh chill don't sub me.. not in the mood to catch em
American sausage in my English McMuffin
"okay fine... But you gatta follow me because I'm an expert at escaping. Fast escape fast escape... Fast escapes is my experties"
You having fun at the beach
hey Daniel! How are you? Could you email me some media contacts around the Seattle area or blogs?
Makin' it halfway through the week.
chillin in the studio with my nigga finna get it in
Feeling the southern hospitality here un Austin. Sometimes you don't know what you are missing until you see it.
THE SING-OFF's featuring our very own joined Sara Bareilles in concert last night in Nashville! Were you there?
Secret to social media: follow everyone that follows. :)
for what?
No #superbowl for me. I don't watch football and since all the commercials are on YouTube, no need to watch. Have fun fans!
meeting them?! or just seeing LOOOL
Just feeding my dreams of being a stewardess in the 60s!
Happy birthday you old af yo!
#pranksterontheloose , this show WILL make me in a good mood ;D
yeah, their design is kinda blah. I lovelovelove the drag & drop calendar (as might be obvious lol) but that's the main thing
haha I know!
Great advice Jean
Some of my followers are doin some drinkin and tweetin tonight. not a felony in 50 states by the way
NOT ON TWITTER
Family travel can be hectic! Join next Monday to chat about mishaps, midadventures & random acts of kindness!
Just discovered the FX show The League...I'm in love...
Blowing down with two white girls <3
so how do u make a pair on their
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself" ~
Thanks, Scott! Best to you.
Well that sucks. I'll keep my eyes open. Best of luck!
I dunno. My daughter is 6, but has two older brothers. So, she'll quickly whup ass. Ellie needs to whup ass.
Arm wrestling occurring over who gets to attend
haven't heard about this yet
What kind of money do monsters use? Weirdo (weird dough).
how did he get that off? SHIT!
#ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo hang with you and skip Duck hunting.
HMNS' 'Titanic' exhibition all but takes visitors aboard the real thing - Your Houston News
Im blessed! Yeah its been awhile. how is my nephew doing?
OnAAir to donate Flat screen TV to an orphanage in Baja CA. as part of the BLUE-C / Wahoo's Baja 1000 Support Run
I am impressed :) RT : Just successfully rebooted the coffee machine and now I have Hot Chocolate - result :-)
Thank you sir! : The special today is stupendous. Awesome combo of flavors.
Happy Birthday . Have a good Friday!
Luv ya ryte back muah ;-) RT I love u my vamp sisters! fly high n suck good! :)
i like tumblr
Feeling worse today than yesterday... I think next year I need to do some kind of marathon training to prepare for Rage lol
No wonder when I typed JamEs Laou into google I got no results...Stupid MTV
Scrapple is made locally by us as well! Delivered to your door. www.westcoastscrapple.com
Wow. I didn't know it was that recent. I would have thought it was before that!
thx for the heads up :)
I'M BORED. ENTERTAIN ME.
i guess im abitch too *pauses and steps backk*
What's that at the bottom of the pool...
up early or going to bed late?
you're turning black
All this talk about meat. Really wanna go to , you guys.
Beautiful day in LA!! Heading out for a coffee then an appointment with Disney.
My head hurts. My eyes hurt. My heart hurts. I'm emotionally drained.
The bank is open on Fridays!!!!!!!
Well, at least at the airport all the chairs are bolted down.
sometimes i wish i could see into the future at what is come but til then time waits for none
good to hear hopeful stories from people with
will be at Barnes & Noble, Tanasbourne PDX on 9/25 at 1 pm & giving away some great new baby products!
And don't forget about the Il Barone Reserva :) I wouldn't mind having a case of that for
#TILTS2011 Unsworth: 1922: The Waste Land publication date marks an actual wasteland of what we can text mine b/c of copyright laws
Lol , im not slow or dumb .. I just have my moments
Trying to figure out which payroll service to use. ADP is a bit expensive; QuickBook Payroll is built in but leaves much manual labor...
vertical merge and center in google spreadsheets!
": Who is at Summerfest tonight, oh wait.." right?! Headin to miller park soon tailgate! Its gorgeous outside in
That's how I read it.
Enjoyed the chat today. Have a successful remainder of the week!
Great morn 2 do a double whammy - checking out the awesome Katie-ness then rolling into Extend&Restore Beverly Hills!!
I could say something gross about lube but I won't. XD
~ Hug a fireman, I just did ;)
We still have a good 4 or more client accounts hosted with , no worries!
was he with an Asian girl? I heard thats my competition haha I have room for Blake Jimmy & the wanted guys <33
“: Switched seats hoping that the #phillies can get something going. #Keepingthefaith”they need a miracle!
Just one more day then start my 4 day weekend
If you ever ask me my answer will be....I do I do I do I do I do ;)
THIS is why Crabby is one of my faves! RT Until I see a copy of the new CBA with the Smart car i requested, NO DEAL!
yup im so happy its a saturday! haha #icangohardallday lol
Since when was twitter a fucking diary..
Had an amazing dream about ;) just saying <3
We just hope that the people that tune in have boxes!
I hide things in there all the time
relaxing. Injured my back and neck. How are you
can I borrow 5 bucks ;)
Is there really an amazon prime syndrome? What's the diagnostic criteria?
My XMAS tree was too big for the car so I had to cut the top off. It wasn't so bad. I always wanted a convertible anyway. RT
THIRD EYE BLIND - SEMI CHARMED LIFE
Want SOMETHING;GO GET IT..DON'T TALK% JUST DO ITv
Happy April Fools Day!
not according to r government lies.Life span getting longer. We keep people alive longer, but they r broke from medical bills
We better burn while your out here dude!!
Fire up your metabolism with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Thanks Jen. Happy Friday!
#topFamEnt wants to promote your business! Call us today! Ask about our specials! 410.513.9199
I don't remember retweeting that last retweet
you know you did. #bestfriends #remember?
haha really random
I would love that.
And that's the way ya do it
#thatmoment when you're so sick that you have goosebumps the whole shower, even though the water is scalding hot
Let's Sing It Together :D
I wonder when will try his best to debate with me more about the importance of the words we use?
best quote ever
I had the most boring breakfast :/
I. Need. Netflix.
Today was surreal. Top to bottom. I am a VERY lucky lady.
And I appreciate both of you. #swapappreciateforlove!
I love going all the way to class just to find out its cancelled
Tis a pleasure W. & #Outsider is just that #good. :O)
Pre-opening at 8 oz Burger Bar. Lots of work/effort by the partners involved. Congrats.
then Phoenix is for you. We have dominant dive bars, Irish bars, sports bars -- That's why I love it.
Happy New Year!!!!
If it was Rondo, the narrative would be lumping him together with Beckett saying "they don't get it".
So tired...but still want to drink my wine and finish watching Water for Elephants.
At the #BlackSwan with and the rest of the world for my mom's surprise party...she was surprised! ;)
interesting stuff! Where can I find out more about the crowdsourcing?
it's all good! Cast a wicked spell for me!
Kenneth Crane
. Brewmaster Jeff is AWESOME and a super nice guy to boot! we <3 our neighbors at GB!
Just got mauled breaking up a dogfight.
Havent had a chance for breakfast yet...guess ill be going straight to lunch...dont know what yet though...lol :-)
Hello Mary Beth, I enjoyed every episode of Food Network Star. Best wishes in your writing and cooking career.
tickets purchased for delta spirit, Justin townes earle, and nada surf! let's rock and roll, y'all.
So I thought I didn't want to go to lolla BUT I'm looking at the list again and I WANT to go!!
Tiger LOOKS fit again. The rest/rehab did some good. Swing fitness is the question over 4 days. Can he keep it up? Make some putts now.
POTUS got more bounce in California than all y'all combined, he got more bounce in California
Before you step into that elevator, you must ask yourself: Is this thing raptor-proof? The answer may save your life.
Thanks for the S/O Stephanie & Dustin! R U all going to Legends game?
Follow me on
Lol RT: In 2011, it is estimated that QR codes were used by 8 people who dont work in marketing, tech or PR; a 50% rise on 2010
RT : If you are by a TV at 3:30 p.m. EST, catch me on And yes that IS a new dress I'm wearing ;)
Throat A Lil Scratchy, buhh I still get Bitches!
I feel dirty listening to jay and ye in Chicago without you
Uhm... What meeting? And you have 27 more minutes. RT “: so this Friday meeting they will be discussing Saturday?”
Tacos are so much better after midnight.
Ohh when does that start?
Had a great movie night w/ the family watching Mr Popper's Penguins. A little sappy but cute. Can't beat quality family time.
JUSTIN HURRY UP jgfilsdhgsiudlhglfdgsfdgsdf
Thanks! I can't remember who gave me the idea. Was it you? ? Just glad to have a way to say "good job" w/o being creepy.
Great speakers! #CFConf Thanks! I enjoyed all the sessions.
hanging out with my best friend and her boyfriend?
I hear the place that replaced it is good though!
I practice inpatient med so that hasn't been a goal. Think it's good for many things but for most, won't=huge referral source.
I'll just keep asking 8 hundred million times until you admit mistake or choose to lie. It's a perfectly reasonable question. Cluck.
#fridayreads Zazen by I can get behind a book that references a character as Big Old Cheese Eater When She's Not Around.
Great job on YouNow. Any chance I could get a follow back?.(:
Central authority figures are no longer authoritative. We're controlling all of us.
he had another concert the next day I guess. Haha
That would be depressing and discouraging
i lost 2 followers :( i think im gonna cry myself to sleep ;)
Bonfire smoke always follows me. What a creep.
We killed it last night and Jenfek had the only mosh going of the night..it was a great show with really awesome bands
r we ok now?? and omg u havn't posted ur bieber love stories in foreva :(
omg ong omg omg im glad u read it and thanks for following me.
I work @ Nokia, in downtown Chi now.
All in all, I loved tonights speech from our president. Captured the feeling of americans, just need to get Wash to do som'n bout it
What's Up ?
They just played a Preakness commercial with Wiz Kalifa's "Black and Yellow". Ravens fans will burn that stage down if he plays that
clef: what you try never to fall off of. bass clef: where you wind up if you do fall off.
I would like to see if the new bigs can play
lay off of H.G. got tired of having his privacy invaded and decided to fight back. Totally understandable.
completely sucks. some of the best shows on TV get completely ignored for stupid reasons.
Why are so many parents letting their kids run stuff? I've got tutoring clients asking me to lie to students about why I'm there.
Excited For New Jonas Album 31
"We are gonna get fucked up....I wanna come back in a body bag" -random guy on my floor... Uhm that's a lil too much for me
Why be the SAME when you can be different? That's why AS never makes more than one of a piece. Originality is key!!
Congratulations to all the drivers who competed in the 100 Acre rally! Hope everyone had fun and a special shout out to the volunteers!
Yo Darren - you can't get better seats?
"Incense is Incense. I buy mine from Asians and you buy yours from witches." - LaxBro's starting to make sense. I must have a contact high.
The Lifers are the best kind of people on Twitter right now . They support the So So Def artists & Live Life . Proud Of All . Always
I used to be bummed if I lost 10 solitaire games in a row. Now I'm bummed if I get 20 or 30 boring stumbleupons in a row.
Morning Beauty! Callback! First one with a US accent where they didn't spot it was an accent :D
Sounds great! Plus we all love beer ;-)
oh yu mean the apology sorry I read it wrong lol apology accepted
good morning 2 one of my favorite singers. Ur story your spirit your grace is so powerful
Sometimes I get so passionate for gay rights that I forget I'm gay. Awkward...
East Coast Residents: As a media professional, I assure you it's OK to stand outside in a hurricane as long as you're holding a microphone
thanks Kate (:
Take advantage of tonight's special: manicotti, garlic bread, salad, & sm drink for just $7+tax!
Students are on the Quad writing letters to Illinois state legislators to ensure the future quality of a U of I education!
the junebugs are out. the cat is at the window, amused. i assume is in her basement, hiding until July.
Current soundtrack: Balmorhea, "Steerage & the Lamp" (from Live at Sint-Elisabethkerk)
May 14,1942: Churchill considering replacing Halifax with Beaverbrook in Washington. Eden worried about difficulty controlling Beaverbrook.
What would life be without fruit snacks....
#saa11 Session 503 Holly Mengel talks of centralized training for team project student processors
there not really looking for (serious rappers) basically there trying to sell a gimmick that they can put on tv
we thought it said "drink" like teenagers :)
Oh God, I am 44, and I must have aged beyond my years. LOVED her stuff as a kid. LOL I
Thank you for having me on your show!! looking forward to next week's!!
RT Today in 1953: The #NYC Subway fare is raised to 15 cents and tokens are first introduced.
On Wizards of Waverly Place, Selena's brother is named Justin and her dad is named Jerry. Coincidence huh?
happy Friday to you!
guess no video today its raining -__-
#FF For some pregaming before this weekend's MLB games: - Mariners - Cubs Rays - Pirates
If you sneak out meow, nobody will notice. Don't forget the sunscreen
i miss you to
is a twit at tweeting.
"I buy the best things when I'm slightly intoxicated"-"wise" words from a cowboy named dave haha
"Cry Me A River" - Ella Fitzgerald and Joe Pass -
Laurel Bellows, incoming prez, w/incredibe, impassioned plea at ABA Ent/Sports Symposium for #attorneys to help end modern slavery.
its scary to think that nothing can kill that 0.01% germ
never ask for what you want, you'll be put on hold LOL
that is a good point. I know my girls would have a harder time with shorter more frequent deployments. All have their own pros/cons.
July was slow but things are starting to pick up in August. Dare we say the recession is behind us???
Rent a truck from Zip-Car for an hour or two.. It's only ~$7
no :D hah
I<U+FFFD>ve learned that things change, people change, and it doesn<U+FFFD>t mean you forget the past or try to cover it up
Interesting debate: Are video games Art? What is your opinion?
Already ready to go back to Georgia...
He pissed me off when he smacked my cookie on the dirty floor but that's not worth getting into a fight over.
get wit the movement
We're young wild & free
word homie! hope to run into you again soon.
“: cat : meow me : meow? cat : meow meow me : holy crap. i speak cat.”
Fuck you, Glee
Only twelve more days left to see the student exhibitions. Stop on by!
Individuality is either the mark of genius or the reverse. Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.~ Frederick E. Crane
Local art faire was so fun! I must apply for a booth next year!
Is this bar in Pittsburgh?
GroundBreak Presents: SouthBay Swag Party - IAMSU with performances by Brohydez!!! January 14th $20 's Lounge!! Reserve your ticket!
anyone tried to reset a password on spotify? is there some secret European way to do this?
RT - new england Patriots
did you have fun at #wcmia what parties did you go to?
Makes sense. But I think it's also age-restricted. I mean, I think that on no solid evidence.
like I said, im definitely
New Costume Supergirl Costume for Women
Can't wait for "Mad Men" to start again on Sunday!
then I hate you!!!! JK but I love that song! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
i guess my question would be if you hate music that much, why spend money on it?
Gingerbread and riesling sound like a fun combo! :)
He who say ones who great go by the name j mitch
yeah and ppl have staring problems -.-
To the lady who buys the shirt wrapped in masking tape that's peppered with half my mustache hairs: i'm sorry
okay, maybe i'll make a secret new twitter name RestlessLegSyndrome? for the night
you should work at subway when ur older. Tht way, u can eat subs whenever you want!(: hehee
My cat just looked out the window, saw it was raining, then ran for her life.
Dear haters, I'm not your enemy. I'm your hero.
Terribly sad. Maurice Sendak dies at 83 - wrote "Where the Wild Things Are." via
Officially on the Sleigh Bells bandwagon. Their new album "Reign of Terror" is CRAZY in a good way. Definitely a class of its own.
I love my sis !!! She is my heart..
Graduation is SO close! Can you believe it?! These next few weeks are gonna be the most emotional weeks of our lives! ='( We love you all! <U+2665>
One problem thought about TNA going live: Is location. I rather see it going on the road, it would help the ratings.
Kerry Wood was terrific last year (the #'s & anybody that paid attention), has 5 bad outings this year, & its auto "he's done" shit. Absurd.
ready to learn about reverse innovation
We did a great job @ our last practice of going 2 our big man Traveon Joyce, (1 of the best n his class) but it didn't carry over 2 the game
need and r&b singer hit me up let me know
Only being able to breathe/hear out of onside of your body! <<< the feeling is unbarrable .
I'm already pissed at this game
Dear NBC News. Your new Roku channel is unwatchable. I'll have to find other things to watch. That shouldn't be too hard.
well everyone but me quit. I am figuring out what to do from here. This will take some time to figure out.
Follow me and I'll follow you back <3
ayyyyee girll what did you get today??!<U+E05A><U+E00E>
That sounds really good. I need something better than a Pop Tart for breakfast.
My sperrys are breaking.
I've seen every day since she got back from Miami and without a camera :/ We must fix it!
mine too....hearing them say "Margaret" was like ice water down my back
what was the order?
Damn got love boys and there toys(:
Watching Daddy's Little Girl.
what would i do without
thank you for the follow!
SA reclaimed the top listener spot with Rhythm & Jazz Radio Sunday but Seattle, Milwaukee, Dallas/Ft Worth and Houston are closing in!
Re:| She will have to wait to have her lips stapled... I'm sure its the only body part that hasn't been worked on...
I miss you too babee<3 do you hve mono?
Thanks Bitter lemons. You rock!
thats sad. how are u?
Thanks so much for mentioning our organization!
#WhenAGuy Calls You Beautiful Even When Your Not Going Out <3
Learn to enjoy life. Love yourself. And embrace the ones you love
Gas station food. Folgers. 80's music. dark circles. same clothes as yesterday. ready for another 16 hours at
40 people at training tonight, great night of training. Big games this weekend with Glendale and Northland.
How is the drinking coming then?
Flattered. Just saw this now, thanks! RT Is this my first time seeing ? Oh my!
He tried 2 stay in but had to come out....just jelled into a trainer's arms as he passed out. Must've been a fracture
We're happy to have you there supporting. Thanks!
Someone enlighten me on how to go about playing a show.
tru we there ya ya birthday girl
Excited to see our BIM Manager share the latest and greatest in BIM technology with our team!
You'll have to introduce me
RT : "PR is in the behavior business, not the eyeball business."
Just finished a great steak dinner in nyc...wolves almost beat spurs. Debating the game...what did u guys think?
Check out the new widget! Definitely integrating this into our website :)
#5ThingsICantStand my computer.
"It was the best dang kiss that I ever had.. Except for that long one after that." <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
We can make a commitment to promote vegetables and fruits and whole grains on every part of every menu
Skype Only Attendance
Just be real.
when ppl cn realize this parent ish ain't no joke..
Getting a little tired of ambiguity...
Yes, how are you?
got my dual monitors back on a new mac pro. live is back at normal speed now
Wasn't terribly impressed by the trailer.
And I gotta work christmas eve.
#askkanye it's refreshing to see your interest/use of art- visual classical performing primitive architectural. thoughts of jazz?
I wish I can listen to alternative classical music besides piano... Lol nobody I know makes fun of ballet. I would kick em
Welcome to Wilmerding :) hehe i love this place!
RT : Who says Twitter isn't educational? I just learned that today is National Popcorn Day.
At Vietnam Wall, headed to Lincoln Memorial & tix for Washington Monument at 9
God's Word is DIRECT. Rarely does it need your interpretation.
Chris can get it <U+2661><U+2661><U+2661>
Just watched Sting and Vince Gill on Crossroads. Two of my all-time favorites!
totally did not realize that I was on twitter - but now I am! Tweet tweet! Watch out world...
Just because you know what I feel, doesn't mean you understand how it feels...
join us at on June 4--#datacatalog, hacking, apps building for #Oakland &
that video made me literatly cry. it upsets me so much knowing tht he gets tht from people :/
If you want your children to improve, let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others. -Haim Ginott
“: honestly if you recommended the breadsticks at any given brothel, I'd probably have to check them out”
Anyone else @ the #MissRepresentation screening? Look for the #RebelliousWoman buttons & say hey!
Yes, I actually went shopping yesterday and I'm thrilled with my haul - 5 pairs of pants & 3 shirts.
Use the list presented above to evaluate potential writers, and find the professionals that are right for your business
Twitter+the snowball effect: more people now talking about R-Truth trending than the reason y he's trending in 1st place!
This year going by super duper fast
The next two people to stop by our booth (628) and mention this tweet will get an iTunes gift card!
no doubt about it. It's oh so very weird!
New articles posted as well as some improvements in Flogger Falls and the Main Site.
thanks for the heads up - I think I fixed it, but I'll check again tomorrow.
I know bae
True. IT WILL HAPPEN ONE DAY.
Where did you get your favorite swimsuit?
: Thank you, I'm following back. You are pretty darn good with words via your tweets :)
a close second is "The Promethean Charter School" in Butternut due to my love of Greek Methology
ur very cute:)
I am.. lol
I hate talking on the phone. Text me.
Register now to run through CityWalk, Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure on 1/29! No other race in town allows you to do this!!
Getting in the elevator after a chain smoker is not fun.
I'm sure ill look back on my problems as a teenager and laugh because of how dramatic I was and how horrible I thought life was.. Lol
6 minutes left and the score is 23-3 for the
If they allow smoking, the sign says: "Abandon all hope ye who enter here."
Hit "LIKE" if you really could have used a longer weekend
Shoutout to central time. Im anhour late to wacth the game
#FF to our amazing celebrity stylists!!
Happening now! Dean Milano’s free rush hour concert
Does the media provide too much scandal coverage? That's the topic Monday at 6 w/Glen Moberg & media columnist Tim Cuprisin.
You in town next month?tryin to figure out a date that would work.oh, and I'm looking into hypnosis..spoon bending? hell yeah
those pants were a little tight.
thanks hon! how are you?? what's new???? you ain't so bad yourself!
Also, it's facebook layout complaint day! DO let us know what you think!
ur welcome sweetie
*cuddles Mercedes and Jordan*
Dis Summer Its Gone Be Live.,! Short,Backouts,Dress,Sandals,And Smoking On Loud
At FutAd Direct Connections with the DC Ad Club and Rocketfuel
'To change your reality you have to change your inner thoughts.' David Bohm Physicist
Oh he's getting a migraine today!!! Thank you mama, amf love you much!! :-)
What is your favorite hot air balloon this year?
I'm back at the zoo, this time to visit the Orangutan family.
Same here.
people that seen me perform know im one of the best after you see me ill have your mouth falling to yo chest
I just don't feel incredible.
I HATE WHEN THEY PULL THAT CRAP! ABC FAMILY CHANNEL PULLS THAT CRAP TOO...
The one and only just threw some stupid tasteful electric guitars on Easier As Us. Almost there, folks!
Justin Bieber is backstage. Probably playing with Jerry.
WOW...Fantasy football stud AND you tweet during the games...is there anything you don't do?
Mcdnlds before the beach.
Hey bruh! How'd the competition go?
This is the software craftsmanship movement
Good effort and hard work can overcome even the toughest obstacles!
It Got Real In Bayard
didn't get any I called u now
- How's everything!!
: PLEASE pick up #Ringer its an amazing series
venti iced coffee with 3 scoops of sugar and a dash of milk?
Looking forward to the first practice this am in Brazil for the race in Sao Paulo.
Do you get a good feeling when you finally find a parking spot?
Happy Hump Day!
Waiting for to tweet that Facebook has acquired
you said it!!
Such ceremonies as sunsets, funerals, circumcisions, camp entertainment, children's songs, rites of passage, and other community occasions.
so neither one of us will be in 6th.
sounds like a proud herita.... oh.... my bad.
Stayy Fitted Love ,,
I can never be close friends with someone if I can't insult them horribly and vice versa
Congrats to a big win last night for the and a huge performance from !
i pick my nose. altho, i really pick my nose any time
Yeah merry christmas ! I'm still waiting. , . . . For All God Bless Us. . . .
Literary debate: Which book should I read next? "Maurice" or "A Room of One's Own"?
cause that's where the ratchets are at.
Waiting for this text
food poison
Life's a great big canvas, and you ought to throw all the paint on it you can.
Due to unforeseen circumstances I am moving home to my parent's house for a month. I don't hate it.
I just discovered that there is an app for Facebook called BirthWatch. And then I shuddered and thought about over-sharing. As I tweeted.
Noeleen: sometimes you should pick an average joe/jane so people can relate to them...and they generally need to be easy to look at.
I'mma burn the motherfucker down!
“: I never got to meet <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> #SadSanAntonian” same here :(
That little front pocket on jeans comes in handy at raves.
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER:
Sorry, mom. Sorry, God.
There is no salvation in becoming adapted to a world which is crazy. --Henry Miller
Marquette wants me to change my password again but I've run out of ways to combine my name and birthday already. A name change is in order!
why does everyone say I'm shy, I'm a little shy but not that much
Words can't explain how I feel right now
#ItsInsaneHow fashion could make people pass up there soul mate.
Thanks for the kid complement! ((hugs))
I <3 too. So many truths in there!
Excited to be at for the #cfaleadercast this morning with
Ima help you up thea, just gotta work for it bruh.
r33c3: Plus, I'm tired of explaining to co-workers what the word 'librarian' *really means* in the contemporary context.
Confused by the concept of #virtualization? Register for our complimentary handbook on Virtualization for Government....
He was cute until he talked. Ahah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
playing with html...
If you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.
Are librarians ready to tackle text analytics?
I don't wanna be on a plane with somebody who apparently owns sweatsuits but no deodorant.
I am too. Dx
-- If you need saves, though, then so be it.
I miss how we used to talk every minute of every day & how I was able to tell you everything that was on my mind. I miss our conversations.
Jim collins- Greatness is a matter of conscious choice & discipline #ASTD2012 here here! Mindset is what matters
My gift for my anniversary was fitting for me, literally: a wonderful Hawaiian shirt.
So, how was your #Easter weekend (even if you couldn't join the #Queen or the #Pope)?
So proud of all that you do. You never fail to keep us happy. #follow We love you :) 2
i cant believe your I love you for that!! follow back maybe!?
RT Follow this MKE Tweep-> : Sales associate for the Milwaukee Bucks
Lame, not cool. Basketball Saturday though, definitely.
Fantastic Speakers/networking at GI Film Boot Camp. A must attend event. Canadian Embassy is excellent venue/host.
Last night in the chi. Whats the plan?
RT : #Gadaffi ,Lookup in the sky,is it a bird, is it a plane? Why yes, it's lots of planes over #Libya . Adios, Pendejo
Good Luck Andrew....go get 'em
I like to shake the magic 8 ball until it gives me the answer I want.
#bmorehistoric Linda Shopes: How can we use heritage to deal with Baltimore's deep heritage and bridge divisions between neighborhoods?
it makes it too tempting to add the whole kitchen sink. Every TOC feed, every widget. Not a selection.
Pretty sure I am the only 1 that spends this much time&thought on a reading reflection that is worth only 7% of final grade
that moment when you go to buy your Kony action kit & t-shirt and ALL of the stuff is sold out . </3
You guys follow ? She's only #Seattle's best #Karaoke host, as decided by last year.
Hey who's idea was it to get a 6 am flight after getting back to the room at 2 am??
The best part about working at Avante may be the free hot chocolate.
#fb Weird dream: driving on the wrong side of the road, got pulled over, desperately pleading with a Scot officer. "Me stupid American!" :/
Reminder! We will be open our normal business hours on Memorial Day, Monday May 30th.
New York shopping= the most beautiful thing in the world.
Going with Union Rags
; we have a new sports fanatic on our team. Excited for and UK
wow, I am SUPER DUPER IMPRESSED with the new CFA LOGO. I find myself INSPIRED TO BE A BETTER MAN.
That sounds really good.
i juss feel like I need you but I know damn well that your never there for me at all but I am there for you
Great job! Changing your eating habits too or just focusing on working out? It's easier for me to work out than give up bad food
Justin & Khalil have been hanging out lately???
First season of JShore is the best season.
Last night went GREAT! thanks to everybody who came! We enjoyed your company :)
#blackparentquotes Your daddy wasn't a glass maker, I thought he had a secret job because that was all she would say about his job lol
hey Brian. Thanks man. I hope you are doing great man. I had a blast this weekend. Thanks for tweeting :-)
pickingg up the brothers later. might as well play basketball as long as no ones here to steal it from me.
“Love everyone and hang with people who lift you up!”
Welcome to the maddness, girl!
I would rather stab myself in the eye than go to school.
Isn't he perfect so far?
Good Morning!Waitin 4 Scotty to fix me breakfast
Spurs in 4, Thunder in 5.
you're right
Chicago's sports teams need to watch "Glengarry Glen Ross" together for the "Always be closing" speech.
thats real, and i appreciate it too. you gotta hit me when you're back in the city bro.
one direction on the radio ahahahahhahah
Janis, Thanks very much for the RT!! Tony Bartoli
Santa: door's unlocked since my gift won't fit down chimney. Despite "issue" in LA & "incident" w/ NYPD I was super good this year...right??
The heat lost again I'm really mad
City Club opening night!
It speaks well of Chicago that our Occupy events haven't seen the same violence as in other cities, from cops or demonstrators
Playing at Red, White and Bluezz in Pasadena tonight with Ian Martin on bass! 6:30-9:30. Who's Oscar? Never heard of him.
are you a bot?
franklin & bash startin up june 5th. idk why you dont like it
Thank god there's a Victoria's secret in main street or else I'd be screwed for mothers day
"Giving money to (derogatory term for Afghans) instead of bullets just doesn’t seem right." -Staff Sgt Robert Bales in a facebook post
Jessica Dubroff~ This started off as a father-daughter adventure and its gotten wonderfully out of hand...Im going to fly till I die.
puttin in time at the office today along with a home visit
smart man, smart man.
Channing Fugate with nice kickoff coverage for TN.
I can only get to this help center and sent these tweets through this support screen
Going out to the clothesline.........need a break from this desk.
hahaha the icons are on a rampage 2012 nothing and no one is safe
IF ANYONE ASKS ME IF I HAVE A HICKIE TOMORROW. I WILL INDEED FLIP COMPLETE SHIT.
that's the one! You here?
Thank you! Have a great FRI!
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure
Seeing this century & Carter hulsey on Saturday (:
maybe I'll just have to plan a road trip so you can draw another.
IS back to creating **MAGIC** Dreaming bigger and making it happen.
Wow 94.7! Really? Christmas music already??? (And then I listened to it.)
“: it was backed up as far as I could see either way. My bus stop is @ Urbane & turns on 9th.” At Olive & Howell
simple stock market stuff. Can't wait 'til she gets to price elasticity.
do you remember when flew on a flight as the only passenger?
:) there should be an announcement sometime in the next few days!
stop tweeting abiut this stuff , you dont have to lie. Lmfaoo we know you get no girls
On the other hand, Kadima had managed to survive despite being designed purely as a governing party, not an opposition one.
Man yo little tail ain't gone do nothing if I wasn't. U trapped in a storm remember. Lol
i love you mother nature. sorry for everything ive said the last few months.
#superdad at it again....come home cook dinner, homework, & now showertime.
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Might not go sat. Text me. We will see I guess.
dang I spelled her name wrong earlier.
CheeseCake Factory Sunday Brunch........ Gotta love it
Couldn't agree more. RT : RT : Project manager is a must for app development
And so, by your "reasoning" (if that's what you call that), anything less than SB by Peyton in 2012 = FAILURE?!
cool! I will add it to the RVA-ish list!
I agree, but I think thats the symenatics of the sentence structure I use.
I say we have screen the dates...
Watching this nigga sing beat it on #WSHH CTFU!!!!!!
thanks for the help! ill try the things i didnt do when i get home
Movie recommendation is the original "Dawn of the Dead"
starting a YAM JAR in my house. you have to put change into it when you refer to yams as "sweet potatoes"
OMG. you're amazing.
And he loved me anyways
“: ": When I'm depressed I cut myself.... a piece of cake" so us lol” hell yeah...I want cake.now.
I think about my mixed race nieces & nephews, & worry about them so much.
Awesome! Please follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I don't know lol
M: I'm drinking my wine. C: you've got wine? M: No!
of course the morning i wake up late, everything goes wrong in the first hour! yipee! at least i dont need coffee to wake me up today!
Turn wounds into wisdom
no problem. Enjoy your vacation tmo. They really are sorry and itll be alright ;) there's a reason for everything.
Sweet action! Thanks Today's #BucksThrowbackThursday winner is....
I don't get why when guy's flirt with other girl's and their in a relationship, girl's automatically blame the other girl.. Are you stupid?
that.ks for the follow. Have a wonderful day.
#starhawk reminds me somewhat of Giants: Citizen Kabuto. Man, need to fire that game up again.
I know sweetness. It's ok. ;)
sweetness RT : um, so is the best teacher. just sayin.
more than you will ever know. :(
i will be sure to do just that.
If you have money in the bank, your wallet, and some spare change, you are among the top 8% of the worlds wealthy. Privilege.
Calories don't count on Super Bowl Sunday, right?
HA!! Beauty, brains & sense of humor is perfect combo in a woman! =D Plus, you love "squirrels"
condoms prevent stds. Women don't have 100% control of condom use. Birth control pills give them 100% control.
I will never understand, in life, why the "Electric Slide" or anything in that genre exists- ESPECIALLY in a Cowboy joint. TWO-STEP,PLEASE!
White stuff coming from the sky!! How are you keeping warm today?
Someone's about to get <U+2702> <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B4>
.: Wikipedia blackout really made SOPA protest newsworthy. "Geekiest protest in history" live in NY, SF
One can only hope that Miles does not have MORE followers than me.
Delighted to have you among our followers!
Lilga why do you like them?!?!
Check out Portland Open Studios today and tomorrow. I'm at Shyama's studio at 6413 N Boston.
P1 Power P2 Hunter-Reay P3 Franchitti P4 Castroneves Look for Hunter-Reay to take advantage of the next restart this should be interesting!
#AcornElectric is busy making stuff today! Gettin' ready for #CraftyWonderland spring sale May 7! And #SteelPetalPress will be in Portland!
From one of Danny Daniels friends, I wish you a Happy Birthday. May you have a blessed year full of ministry, love and much joy!
Hello Everyone, Come out Thursday night Feb 2, and join me in concert "unplugged". click on my events for more detail.
ah! Good call but now i need to help graduate. I want to go next weekend but my cousin is getting married :(
when I need to believe again it's whitman, mayakovsky, pessoa
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show tonight! It was cool seeing a bunch of friends and family there!
RT : Very helpful! RT : One of my rewrite passes is to just take one character at a time and focus on them
Coming through five-by-five.
I smell like an ashtray. Gross.
I love how the weatherman is mocking the groundhog for only being right "39% of the time. Dude that's better than you
sit down some where lol
RT : It's time for #MaryMary! RT if you are watching :)
total package
I voted the 25 times that I could! :)
Post-wedding, I'm getting bangs and a tattoo.
where&#39;s that list of names?
huh? I'm confused :L <3
Yep. Her blog is inspiring! I also like her "best line / worst line" bit (You're welcome, sis)
Adele makes me feel free and I just start dancing!
I really don't wanna miss this OKC and Lakers game tho.
#inmiddleschool I said no to drugs, #inhighschool drugs said no to me
What time is green flag tomorrow? Feel the need to sleep late already
I wish can follow me :( And I will never give up to go to at least one concert and meet them and be friends with them.
maybe when i win the lottery i'll open a flower shop, near the funeral home my sister will some day own of course.
Old is gold my friend, old is gold
Looks good! What is it?!
Major thinking to do..
Caramel bugles FTW.
Can you use HootSuite with 2000?
What students are we talking about here? And what sort of public work?
I tweeted this to trick klout into giving me an achievement.
I always forget that pausing/fast-forwarding/recording television is possible until I come home
Justin never stops trending lol! Good Morning peeps! Its saturday! Have a nice & relaxing Day!
great catching up today & the eats were fantastic. Have a great weekend.
RT - All these Patriots fans, but most of them don't even know where New England is. Sad.
lol thats why i was gonna go together
would it really be a shock though?
Tongue RT : Q7 #FoodieChat What’s the grossest food you have ever eaten?
RT : MT : Take-away from day 2 of #ASTD2012: best learning design includes stories, draws on our natural curiosity &...
Got a photo of some of the German fans. And the Schalke supporters were scattered. Should have had an area for us all but...
lmao nah sis it's Ace Hood new mix tape but what you was about to cook?
St. Patrick's Day Pub Crawl is pulling up to Speakeasy!
News flash & : If you use the same color towel everyday, there's no confusion on which is which.
Raquel finds useful teaching tips all the time on Facebook.
YES MUMMY YES MUMMY DEAREST! Bring your wire hangers! Giddy Up
:O Lol why?
LMFAO ! This guy in the cafeteria was dancing..i think you can call it. it was hilarious!.
Never let your enemies place fear in you. The worst that can happen is you lose. However, that means you can start right back fighting.
Why pay shipping from New Jersey for your CDs? Stellar quality, LOW prices & 20 years in the CD/DVD biz. Save shipping & come pick it up.
everything sounds majestic with "skies" at the end of it haha!
Foiled again! I mean... I'm sure they'll be disappointed.
I'm drinking lots of Schlitz and eating wings - so no problem!
Time to cut off some loose ends and get rid of people in my life that don't need to be in it whether it be friends or family...
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please? 23
Im so mad that i got this job cause i have to wait till they open, nd thats at the begining of summer... Wtf type shit is that?
Call us about your next event
Will solve a lot of problems... Can finally show iPad clearly on webinars.
About to hear some Chopin Mazurkas played on a fortepiano. Private show.
#CERAWEEK social networks work against Iran says kissinger
Just bought my senior citizen clothes for tomorrow. It's about to go down
At work on my grind money is to be made
“: Good luck today to the students who are taking their EOGs.” [mine are in #charlotte ]
I hope the video of her in bckgrnd on E! resurfaces. Beyond hysterical.
thanks man! I'm sure we can make it in a month of coldness! Need warmer TOMS!
thanks for the RT!
Vernon Howard~ Your central self is totally untouched By grief confusion desperation.
Who will win Philanthropist of the year? Better yet, who will win best dressed and party animal of the year for the 2011 TNF Awards!
So, now that it's over, what was your favorite part of the Show Me Music and Arts Festival?
silly goose it can be allergies :P btw I miss you :(
Thanks to , Nicole Wallace is famous.
Where is my ? It's Mother's Day & I've work to do.
I haven't talked to you in a good six months are you have the audacity to say that to me? Who do you think you are?
Its sad im almost 18 and I still mmake it a point to watch Spongebob everyday.
Lots of girls do! I scouted Lewis, Decastro, Stephan Hill, James, & most of the top 20 piks last Sep! Girl power!
so crucible monologue...we meet again
Dear app developers: when a customer gets on twitter complaining about a bad user experience, don't just tell them they're wrong.
That massage was well needed!! 2 blessed to be stressed ;-)
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx with
and u got to play madden. Kick ass.
Thanks, Tim. I've been at SI for a bit over a year now, but every day is still a learning experience!
sorry i must go !
Love downtown
I've had a great day off
yes! i produce and direct commercials for broadcast and the web. contact me
i killed a man once for saying that was the best band ever
The only man I share my bed with is a pug named Sir Rupert Rainbowface -Casey
Are you on it again??
Lol, seriously. That's a deal-breaker!
Stuck in traffic from Pittsburgh til the end of time. Great NYE in #Toronto with
Off to the airport. Quick day in Reno, then Los Angeles for #APA2012. See you there?
i dont get it..
have you tried to get tickets? We should try to go
Welp, I'll tweet back in a few hours...
Just let me know if you have any questions.
Just followed
On My Life!
I always end up friends with my brothers girlfriends, I get to tell all the funny stories
I wanna tweet someone. Text is better, but everyone I know here is asleep. Tweeople, if you're awesome, lemme know :)
yo dude - do you have a dvd copy of the sexy power hour? Trying to bring it over to the girls' house and get your drink on...?
Also we have Robert Johnson Guitar Clinic in 19th Floor and for you seasoned uke players, Advanced Uke in Beale! Starting 1:30!
Doritos Locos Taco, I want one now!
Is Excited To Speak With Jeffrey Gitomer In Raleigh NC Today And Tomorrow! Thanks Again For Joining Us J. Amezqua
That sounds so strange although I often get and enjoy cola on the nose of Malbec
ha, i've yet to party with you mr. i think it's about that time.
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.rb
I'm sure we can call up Cody Clark and go with three catchers in tonight's lineup too.
my gma just called to tell me Obama is on the view today..
OK... this new Jack White album is some serious shit! love it!
Where to find magic mushrooms in LA
Related question -- is it possible to remove motor oil from trunk upholstery, or is it completely ruined?
411 people that I follow are not following me. Follow me back or i will unfollow u!
thanks for the ride and treats. Most importantly thx for the friendship and memories!
I'm still mad at the way those games went earlier today. QPR is on my eternal shitlist now alongside Chelsea just by default.
I know man I miss yah!
When we have our back's to the wall, we turn around and paint it!
let me know!!!!!!!! Puhhleeeze!
I want to propose a system that includes dev/design people who care about the quality not the quantity. I'm not in it to milk $ from people.
What does Pat Myers say about that?
Thnks “ Thoroughly enjoyed & learned from the Wknd Biz Podcast (like eavesdropping on a hi level discussion) & hope it'll ret'n soon”
Nope thank you without artists like yourself there is no me
like honey you are too ugly to be a first lady?
New addition to the #SOTU #Seattle #wadem drinking game rules: When Obama says "sputnik" drink one sip!
Glad to hear it - we'll see you next time!
She didn't laugh. She wasn't sad or angry, either. I at least chuckled. Haha!
well if i die in 8-10 days, then we'll know for sure. hahaha just kidding i'm fine.
goodnight bad bitch ;D
Gotta love it when a guy friend sends you the link to Richard Marx's "Right Here Waiting For You" after a love-life complaint.
The day I turn 18, it's goin down
only four more econ classes
"Change your thoughts & you change your world." ~ Norman Vincent Peale
how did that happen? I heard you get one free screen replacement if it still works.
great, now i have guilt.
Almost time to watch SNL <3
I'm glad I don't live anywhere near him, the temptation would be too much
"The implications on applications such as cryptography and on the general question if human creativity can be automated would be profound."
Tell your kid what you expect of them and explain the consequences they can expect if they misbehave. Then follow through 100% of the time.
Bottle dancing way to go Dan!
that's not game. He's real that's why she fell for him. Lol
Rangers Game tonight
enjoy the love
Thank you luv!
Ok, Vanessa brought a power cord. So now you are free to just come by!
Ford, Edison, Jobs..all put a ding in the universe. That's what great innovators do. RIP Steve.
Big s/o to Windows for having automatic shutdowns for updates. I didn't like those final three pages anyways.
yep. pretty scary!
is having a video competition to win 25k for your business. Enter! Or help me with cool ideas for my video on why I should win!
I heard drinking the tears of a Gillian is a cure for sadness
"Seriously mom,we needa go to the doctor" "For what,your third nipple?" " has 4 nipples..." "What is he,a cat or dog?"
$28-$45 depending on the style and color :)
you are gorgeous!
#ScharCares twitter party has started! During the party please use the hashtag when responding. So excited to tweet with you all!
Bout to leave in like 15 mins yay!!!!! Can't wait to eat...
If Pau Gasol ever get traded, I bet his bitch azz gone go somewhere else and BALL!!!
Aaron Cameron received a silver medal on the National Roman Civilization Exam, Upper Level.
LA Business Journal's best selling issue of the year featuring the 50 Wealthiest Angelenos will be on sale at your local newsstand 5/16.
I concede, Rush has made more sexist comments than Ed. And Hitler made more anti semitic comments than Ahadinejad. Big deal!
Thank you so much!! We'll have some videos to go along with the album pretty soon!
": "I Love You" takes 3 seconds to say, hours to explain but a lifetime to prove."
Haters start ya engines, I hear em' gearin up
Going to bed!
This is what Chad Billingsly looks like against a team that isnt named Pirates or Padres
ask them tool!!!
ok I can't be the only one with a dirty mind?! That word is sexual.
“: flow in the new song is so unique! Great music bruh!” - advancing the genre .. Thank You!
Oh come on, it's a funny picture. I'm posting the original now. I think if you wana do your own of Zapf that's fair (cont.)
Can't wait to hang out in Austin again. Your travel photography is amazing!
and I had so much fun talking with it so amazing what they are doing. Follow them
Will do! I told her you're "the woman" to talk with!
Can I come to your happenin' party?
Tough audition tonight... Character is a child abuser... This might be the challenge of my acting career, being the lover of children I am.
Thanks for the follow!
didnt kno makin out to much was a bad thing;)
Damn can't wait to go to Cali! Sick of Ohio already haah.
5 hours really wasn't enough.
I had a horrible day no lie
lol well not this time lol
well i had my ipod that had boyfriend on it, i was disappointed.
": I'm forever wanting a massage."
No. Relationships belong offline.RT : Poll: Do you put your relationship status on Facebook to make it "Facebook official?"
FANCY huh ?!! R.Kelly . Nawww
You may speak two or three different languages but it is unlikely that you speak as many as 16-year-old Timothy ..
Chinese guy had 7 cracks at putting his bag in the overhead. American stewardess snapped, cursed god, grabbed the bag & shoved it in
Fine company to be included in, thanks!
#Alabama's game plan in the 2nd half is kneel down 3 times & punt out of bounds. With #LSU specals teams out of the game they can't score.
Just reading tweets makes me wonder what kind of swag he plans on bringing when he performs...
Tomorrow! Awake venue with APLT, Mask The Wretch, and many other great bands. Come!
Your welcome I can't respond to your DM if your not following me.
HI TWITTER WERE BACK lol
The Union is holding a #MemorialUnion Design Meeting this coming Tuesday Nov. 1st at 6:00 pm to forge ahead with the #GlassBox PLEASE ATTEND
Now I won't have anyone to cuddle with all night :(
Still using Word of Mouse to find your dream home? Call me to see the real thing. We can make house calls together. 817.975.9222
whats up big home
Retired ATF says, "Hell's Lovers are not in the business of contributing to society, they are in the business of taking away from society."
wants to find the National Association of Broadcasters conference and commentate until he gets a radio show.
v BrazilLovesAustinMahone v
UPA & Refresh groups don't often cross over, unless someone belongs to both. I cross-promote to both groups since I led both.
Oh, here I was deleting cache and cookies and all that good stuff. Hope it gets fixed quickly!
Lindsay Braun. (this is Frank's wife). Don't even PRETEND you don't know about the awesomesauce that is the Hunger Games.
Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.-Mahatma Gandhi
Austin loves me ;D <3
You like someone Monday...by next Monday its over with....
I got a thing for #oomf -__-
New York would love to ship you some snow.
Had it the last few days. Once I think I'm over it, it returns.
nice man...congrats on wrapping another project!
we honestly don't wanna see Philly so I invite the Knicks to the united center
I will check out thinkweasel.com. Had not thought about graphic novels but sounds like an interesting idea!
Toshiba announces Excite 10, 7.7 and 13 tablets, Thrive slates on their way out
I wanted YOU though...
About to see BARE, produce by at
Watching football on my laptop just isn't the same
Watching the news then off to zumba!
Heyy!!! I love you all soo much <33 anyway what's up!!
SWOOP ME!
MURFC suffered another close lose, this time at the hands of UW-Lacrosse. Two more games left in the Fall 2011 Season.
why not kicked y'all ass 2 nights in a row
I maintain this less frequently since I've not figured out how to make money from this or the blog...
#IWishYouKnew how painful eyebrow threading can be!
many will play few will win.
Finished rhinestoning some costumes....Allegro's summer tour is going to be bright!
purple argyle?
I'm giving up survivor AND American idol for this?
Feel like I got cooties & spread cooties. Like how Mister's daddy said Shug had the nasty woman's disease! :-/
Must be that new sales guy they just promoted!
Got the day off for Columbus day? Naughton's is open to help you w/ those home plumbing, heating & cooling projects you've been working on.
Can you still golf in Colorado this time of year? Too cold yet? Flying there today
hey ramiro will you help me plan the best bachelor party for my best friend
Watching the vow ( :
Concrete creates affordable climate-appropriate termite-proof housing in the economically challenged tropics.
It is okay to feed your cats cheese right?..
Grammy award winner, platinum selling artist Mr Cheeks... yeah that's the one :) Tonight at
#ItGetsMeMadWhen people tweet their actual feelings. Tweet fake ones that people compare to like I do
Getting some new eyes
no t`f it wasnt you can even ask her n she said mybad wen she walked off
I knowww. But I already missed most of it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Lets Note violent political rhetoric on the heels of the violence in Arizona. Thanks for bringing the battlefield home.
VS's new scent Love Spell Blush>>>
thanks so much!!:)
Liver Detox with food: Ginger helps liver enzymes by protecting them
Get inspired! Clairemont Garden Tour tickets for this Saturday are available at Sandwich Emporium...$12 each/$10 for seniors
Ha, yes!
hahahah u better be!!!
:) thank you for the opportunity to be a real friend. It's an honor and privilege.
Please vote No on #PIPA and #SOPA. It will affect more than just pirates. Please listen!
i though we was Cool ?
Another way to increase your #metabolism is to add spices to your food. Cinnamon is one spice that increases your metabolism twenty-fold
we ain't for no strings attached cuz your ma boo thang!(;
The longer user generated content stays up, the better it gets, ie Wikipedia. True/false/both?
Yeah, no phone calls, no conversations, no distractions, no voicemail - only NOTIFICATIONS! Hahaha!
but did she get to the rooftop... :) “: nice! Have fun #socialbutterfly”
absolutely! DM me with your contact info!
#YouKnowYoBitchBig When she gotta live 3 days at a time!!!
Looking for Records professionals w/ 3+ yrs of #Documentum exp for a position in the #DC area.
following you back
Why are people unfollowing me??? What did I do?
<--- Follow Racquel @ #Growthink. They are an amazing company helping businesses throughout the nation and beyond!
Finally Here, last week of instruction
NO! you cant do your hair flip anymore </3 im sad.
okay thanks!!
Kudos to for not lip syncing during New Year's Rockin' Eve.
I would kill for one of Mrs. Snooks snickerdoodles right now.
Thanks! Now I can sleep ;)
Is there someplace I can read about your Jumpstart experience?
that's why ny artists don't pop off. they have industry connects but zero fans
Are any of you kickass people awake?
Cheese and crackers...best part of this show
i hope that some day gets on twitter to read my mentions. here's to hoping.
Where you getting your #TacoTuesday on? Stop by a #bartab venue and grab a $1 drink to wash it down!
says won't see hybrid (SSD and disk) drives in the enterprise storage
good call danny... fer really blew this one big time
Saw the Avengers, which was obviously awesome.
u can come! its at my house and its next friday night like around 9 or so.its for early bday!
I guess it could be worse. They could be playing Slayer or something of the sort.
The #Dolphins are playing with heart! Very good to see. Matt Moore doesn't want them to draft
Live tweeting from the Seattle CDC meeting on recommending meningococcal vaccine for infants
Thanks for the RT!
that video is over a year old. Yikes!
You know how I do (; hahaha
I'm loving the inspirational little intro on the TV broadcast!
Really. ": I honestly would cry if Jelena broke up."
So....anybody know if BRoy is still in the Rose Garden? They brought him in, he sat for less than a quarter, and left?!
I hope you are not drinking wine through a straw!
Shout out to who is moving the weights and machines into her new gym today. She is a reminder that actions make dreams a reality.
Bitches &&' hoes ! My freakin' key chain broke :|
Community service sucks, Im gonna just pay the next time! smh
Also from , make sure your story has a wide appeal for the audience and has a wow factor.
that's BS. Fenway is historic, not trashy!
The Spanish-language news-source with the most followers on Twitter is cc
Wonderful! It'll go perfectly with my giant Snookie slippers.
ok what the hell happened to saturday morning cartoons?
ctfu foul RT: Ctfu“: S/0 to all the moms thats gonna dump there children an go out tonight”"
The rain is slowing down already.
Boise St/TCU should be a great one 2nite - also the perfect excuse to get drunk on a monday night
For some reason it's really hard for guys to wear deoderant. Its fucking gross. Just please put some on.
I haven't noticed any graffiti... Where did you see it?
I don't want to go to school.
Had an apocalyptic dream about something strange happening with the Moon....
"in Houston Fri at Dan Electro's Guitar Bar" /// wish I could be there..sounds like a fun show! Pls tell KA I said hello!
time to kick him to the curb no doubt what I would do ha ha
SeeThruEquity, LLC now distributing equity research reports on Zacks
Order the meal plan of your choice by noon Friday for delivery on Monday.
I hope you stop breathing, Becuase you're a waste of my space
u r the proton to my donut
Interested in corporate philanthropy? Join us in Katzen for the 1st #ArtsManagement capstone presentation of the day cc
Good morning Monday
Thx, Susan! We're very excited about it as well! RT : simply fantastic news!
In order to be successful you have to have passion for what you do... Because if you don't than its easy to give up
My boys 1st game 2 day....a lil nervous
Beer and homework
to promote your own agenda.
I need to buy a new video game. Suggestions?
But British furniture ­designer Samuel Wilkinson has created a sinuous version that is as ­attractive as it is long-­lasting
Enjoy the little things in life, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. ~Robert Breault
January Friday the 13th 2012 cryptic ninja records return to the stage undefeated sports bar the only details so far toxic ty and krazy k
can't wait I love everything scorsese
Another spammer just unfollowed.
Getting ready to make some new musical gear purchases! Hope all your ears love the new sounds that we are soon to create!
well, u can phone me right now .. if ya want :)
I'm spending more in gas to get to work than I'll actually make today. Them cutting my shifts every day is getting old fast. New job please?
your making me starve
All right! Can you ask a number of people (the same people who follow you) to follow me, please? Thanks
idk man i just feel the same way.
Don't play brown eyed girl in your cover band...
My condolences ;-)
good man. Looking forward to this week. U? New place?
Who is the best radian 6 competitor?
yeah you been had hair for a while now why the cut
Madonna proved she still reigns queen of pop tonight at the Super Bowl Half Time Show!
#ncaafinals UK all the way!
Sung-itzs are here! New Bait Protetion Cone allows the fishing heavy cover and extends the life of your bait. Ck it out
how far you heading for today?
RT : When you TRUST words and IGNORE actions you're just
lol thanks, next time you go there can you check what day I start
So hard to get ROI in training, but take a look at the benefit (I call it ROE: Return on Expectations)
Because if it doesn't, i'm just going to cut all of it off.
Nice to hear on #DTHR today. It's been a year since we met at
you were missed!
#ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout that ur the best Pussy eater..it's like #really and ppl can do what with that info!?!
Too much free time is the worst.
how could I forget?
it matters not what someone is born, but what they will grow to be.<3
seen the police at yho house lier . qn aqain twitter just had to say that
Are we ever?
wifey & I saw the movie last night! Just awesome! Wash your hands next time ur b4 u touch somebody! LOL! Again Great job
All about the Girbaud Jeans Brand - lee jeans mens
Will the league look at the Bryant foul on Faried & rule it a flagrant 2 and suspend him for the next game?
Is it wrong that I feel personal pride at just how badly Avengers beat Dark Shadows?
Tomorrow is Destiny's birthday right ?
Good nite sleep tight. Don't let the bed bugs bite!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay More songs need Auto-Tune these days
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it. -Lou Holtz
Happy Wednesday!
Also: Hawaii
Thanks Herb!
What did you think about The News?
RT : Tracy Sleep: courses need to be designed with activities that will feed into IDing at risk students
Like I said before, I liked them better when they were called the Mafia Cops, 20 years ago...
Not a clue.
Gotta love Boilers are the real deal at 18-4, hitting .346 as a team! #AreTheyUsingTheOldBats?
#wheniwaslittle I told myself I would never fall in love....that changed summer of 2010 <\3
Just one of those days where you need to go fast and cta says "Fast? Oh fuck fast, man. Just...just fuck it."
The serving size for One A Day VitaCraves is 2 gummies... doesn't that defeat the whole purpose of "One" A Day?
Can't get exquisite taste of dashi of shaved yellowfin tuna out of my mind ' dashi workshop at new Soba-ya in Torrance.
i really need some comfort..*sigh*
I assume you mean to offer if suspension is upheld. Otherwise really should wait for decision. + was in post season anyway.
it doesn't exist anymore
1 DAY TO GO for FREE TANS! On March 12th ANYONE can TAN in a UV Booth FREE and MEMBERS get a FREE UPGRADE that day! MYSTIC TANS $10 each!
Those might possibly be our favorite part of Easter...those or Reese's eggs.
Will not tweet 1000th until orioles win, hope I don't regret this
I love the Vampires in America series by ! <3 <3 <3
Rooting for , picking #boxing RT :
Happy #vday everyone! Please be safe while enjoying time with your loved ones.
Spokenreassons funny as hell
Its Tuesday! $2.50 quartar lb All Beef, and All Beef Polish sausages! Try it with my Garlic Jalapeno Aioli and Chipotle, Fennel Catsup
It's funny when I saw Chris today he was surprised that Miriam and I still hung out with each other.
We here wanted to ask "Are millennial students ready to populate their portfolios through mobile devices?"
Is voter turnout becoming lower & lower because people don't think their vote matters when money buys elections?
GREAT. My girlfriend's on her period and now I've got blood all over my iPad! DAMES!!!
I am so close to getting my D up to a C in my english honors class.
Music had so much more of a message...4 every song venting on societies negatives, their was a positive song to counter
See you in A2 this fall...
damn what lol
People. It's no longer considered an "emergency" if your symptoms have persisted, with no change, for over a month. C'mon now...
aight he going hit chu up when he out there
Can I personally blow up #Big10 sports?
Love how our english discussion is about why strongsville and brunswick hate each other
": Putting my ear next to my moms belly, as if she were pregnant. LOL."
this is amazing Guy! Wow! Hey, when's the record hitting the streets, anyway?
Selling a bunch of equipment. Canon, Profoto, and other stuff. Email me at if you're interested.
Oh good, game night food consists of cheese, crackers, chips, pizza, chocolate cake, and queso. I was worried tonight might be unhealthy.
If Herman Cain can be a presidential candidate, pizza can be a vegetable.
don't worry. Get you Hank Moody on and chillax
tweeting from my new Aspire One ... Linux, of course!
aww used to do that
12 more days of school.? uh , hell yeah.
tell her ass to back tf up before I do
. thank you for your support. If you have any friends who haven't yet voted, now's the time to get them out!
iwant to be princess before but now iwant to be a Queen :)
I can't help it. It's the Irish in me.
Haha, I forgot about that. Good times!
mine didnt want all that lol shes just finding 30 stupid things wrong right now
Cover the canvas at the first go, then work at it until you see nothing more to add. - Camille Pissarro
you're such a hottie, please follow me.
Lil Wayne being sued again for 15 million.
Great Open House @ the Reserve of West ridge 10216 Flat Creel Trail. Open until 3pm. www ScottBensonRealty.com
This powerful statement will change how I go about my pastoral counseling work.
I'm over crying n shit. Tears of happiness.
Free comic book day!!! Do you know of a store participating? Seems like most of our local stores aren't
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless the look makes when she finds out something shocking
Want to know more about art icon Donald Judd and his ties to the Northwest? Conference April 25: www.juddconference.com
Yeah I'm fine. haha
haha nice ;) well we're related in spirit so it counts!
Uh oh... #oomf is hitting on another #oomf baby mama. Lol she is a pretty lil mufucka tho
everyday I wake up im trying to better myself and my family
funny;) the bad egg?;)
Gonna go get the herr did... Then coffee with , then cocktails with Jack... I love busy days!
Fuck it . . Ima just be late today !
Wow! What are they so afraid of?
Jordan Jansen singing Somebody That I Used To Know. i cant.
No. Not yet. But I'm trying to get my mom too get me tickets for the one in Georgia.
better than in front of the library?!
When Howard hits free agency he'll sign in Boston..KG and Ray come off the books..
Well, it wouldn't be safe to say that to my family up here! LOL
Bellhaven Scotch Ale... nectar of the god's my friend. Enjoy!
I love hanging out with you too!:) today is Sunday!! I'm already nervous!!
Just discovered full metal jousting on history channel.
people who tweet about their whole life on twitter
worthington hilld getting slammed. High.winds, hesvy rain
My fav part of the This American Life live show was the story about the found photographs ..so good!
you can even check my old twitter and it says my name
watch the game!!!
I knew it. Guess I'll just stick to watching series from beginning again.
The chickens are lovely, but getting them processed for retail/wholesale sale is extremely difficult.
Stay tuned at 6:00 for #NHL presser w/ : Turn on at 5:45 to watch the debut of Jason Kubel Snapshot.
yeah its you m...you taste real good lol
Given your age you have to admit he does have a similar-valid point.
I wonder if niggaz in NY is still about that
Working on a lot of videos! Follow my Personal twitter for more updates,
I love the way you gave voice to Black folks talking..lol..
it's okay. we're like peas and carrots
Howd the laundry come out?!
I'm very disappointed that "Ready, Jetset, Go!" is already a phrase. Hopefully not trademarked because I intend to use it often from now on.
mine is Friday :/ I've been studying like crazy I'm so nervous
Saving lives is a rush
Crow: Need to redesign universities, breaking down barriers among & betw. disciplines to attain OA
round n round i go! hands touching my toes!
Hey Michelle, I think we're even more excited :)
What's awesome right now is how I have a carefully planned & timed blog post that needs to go live in 4 mins, and our server's refusing.
Titus, We create custom Twitter backgrounds 4 many of the Browns. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if u want one.
Don't be sorry about anything! You rocked that last minute of last night's game :) GO #BULLS!
Out of church, about to get it in at Jackson's.
Thank you homie! RT : happy birthday to the homie
Just picked up a ton of kids books for our Children's Hospital book drive at our holiday event Weds! Bookstores = good for the soul.
(St. Louis Bugle) Time, like a snowflake, disappears while we’re trying to decide what to do with it.
Hope is faith holding out its hand in the dark.
i would if i had a ride!
RT : Ex-Bills everywhere in the playoffs. Ralph's running one hell of a farm team in Buffalo.
You can now easily import Twitter friends, so ppl flwg u on Twitter are adding u to their Friendfeed
Big win last night for St. X baseball keep grinding guys
Spending the day quoting clients for imprinted promotional products Enjoy your Saturday!
Having some technical difficulties
Exactly! We are completely wireless & w/ AppleCare our support is outsourced to Apple stores. We save money in the long run.
I don't know what I was thinking re: tomorrow. I have esperanza spaulding tickets.
Sad to hear Dave Cable is stepping down from the Catawba Lands Conservancy. He's done a great job!
Just went SnapBack and kick shopping. Can't wait for Sunday's photoshoot with magazine!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
ok. And the Geico commercial? Yeah it just came on not too long ago. Haha
love it!! Brings back fond memories of when you first called my twitter handle.
I need a lady. Or a dog. I don't know.
i did a part time gig there during last holiday, so im partial to them over sur
can't beat them, join them? Haha... And overpower them with a mombomb :)
I am rushing out for a bar as I type...yum
There is this tribe in the desert where the men get f---ed up on peyote and run around in 1970's running shorts. So we should do that too.
I'm such a jealous type, hate it.
Panda Express!
:D I wish too!
one can only hope.. RT": Attention RW'ers: In 1953 scientists predicted the GOP would implode in 2012. #tcot"
sometimes you're in france and you dream of tortillas with avocado butter all the time anyway.
New tech video for RMA coming soon!
Did you guys wave to us as you were passing by big and littles? The girl at the table saw and waved back, I giggled.
Man I'm tryin to have a party this summer though
aw the little bunnies are so cute!! I personally like the purple 1! ;) thx for the discount!! much luv xx
that makes sense. i'd just be nervous if design gets to a point where its mostly a pay-per-view situation...
What is the woman that got 4-men in a very small room and they seem to only notice her ?? No fights No Hating!!! 1 want -- HER!!! Choose ME!
Congrats to "The Artist"- I love that movie!
true. But other than that
Reading on the front lawn. What a perfect afternoon
I may wanna spend every single day with my boyfriend but if it makes me happy I don't see a damn thing wrong with it.
hehehehe kinda. youur from new york? or you were just there?
Maybe ;) I'm trying to hold off to think on it for a bit. Make sure I don't do something I'll regret.
It's procrastination in all honesty
well thats annoying
g00d morning RT Tears will get you sympathy. Sweat will get you results. >> true that!!
Y'alls accounts are sending out spam DM's, just an FYI.
How are you supposed to study with the 2012 NBA Playoffs starting today?
that's the homie .. Why?
breh wen we first started talking really to each other wat was i
Please be you
Such a crime, not a single a word?
Check Out our Ultimate 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine and $4 Jeremiah Weed on Wednesdays!
I saw at the mall. I feel like shit for just walking by an not saying hi! Haven't seen her in YEARS!:o
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-76
I love how Brodeur always looks like he's having fun playing. #devils cc:
I agree guys.....love Cromartie! I just hope none of Young's antics come here....fans will NOT take well to that.
RT highlighting a speaker-a-day until the conference on facebook.
I wish I was Beyonce.
#AGirlDeserves a ring on her finger and a smile on her face .
Buying a house?! That is some man level shit!
is the worst company to deal with.. They charge you for a service and don't follow through.. Where's the customer service?
Well.. mostly. //RT : Seriously, Twitter is like a 24 hour chat room, except it's cool people instead of creepy ones.
Calm down, first of all, who are you? And 2nd, why are you attacking me? I don't know you & the block button is a click away!
Cannot measure grit in a maximal test. Grit key to
you're a little bitch. I just disrespected you, does that mean we fight now?
Today was a good day.
So fucked for tomorrow
really? Congrats. Why didn't u tell me yet :) “: me too... cuz thats my Boyfriend... :)”
"lower-back muscle contusion" = bruise
Is any fish more routinely overcooked in restaurants than salmon?
Sometimes I wonder if I meant anything to you.
if u were the catcher..i would've doubted ur skills..lol
#GameofThrones Let's go. Maybe I'll even finish the 4th book tonight too...
Yeah, baby!
Just confirmed a call with this week to talk about GameHouse & our investments in social.
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout *pulls shorts up above the knee caps* nigga let's go..
Dear god NO. My mom still watches Dharma & Greg reruns. It angers me.
Dave Duerson, now #Seau, bounties, playing in the #NFL has some dark consequences
taking tons of pictures but not being able to post one
Setting my sites on ACRL 2013 because the keynote speaker is HENRY ROLLINS!!!!!!!!!!!
Phone autocorrect fail. I'm pretty sure I'm not "into some gangster rape".
I cnt wait!!
Our server failure appears to be major. It's going to be a long night. Thanks for your patience. -The team
He Made My Day iNeeded That After All This Bullshieet I've Been Throughh In The Past 3 Days (:
Follow me plz bro~ K thxs :)
If yu say so
Some very talented women on stage right now!
We’re glad to hear you think so ! Thanks for finding time to enjoy a bar this weekend.
operation petunias
I'm feeling so old :-/ BTW Craig was back at his old high school in Cabanauld (sp) tonight. I'd hate to vist mine :-0
Thanks for following us!
Come to Portland!!
What is going on with justin and selena??? someone plz fill me in!
Late Spring semester in the bag. Time for a short one week break before the start of summer classes.
This is the exactly reason I live to watch Gayo's every year! Loving the special stages!
haha I planned on getting my license this spring anyway!
One of the main reasons the Post Office is so jacked-up are the passports. It slows the line to a crawl.
When you work out in the morning, ya just feel so much better!!!
thanks baby (:
that looks like Japanese nuclear meltdown vomit
thanks. We've had mild winters before but this one is the weirdest I've ever seen.
A Met Museum security guard accidentally shot himself in the leg today, while cleaning his handgun in a basement locker room. He's stable.
Well we hope you all had a great Thanksgiving. I ate enough for a week, but it was great fun.Come by for coffee and tell us about your day
Come in with Eagles or Sea-hawks Gear and get 15% off your Bill!
I would take that up with GCP. I tweet and support them. What do you enjoy? I'll make a recommendation.
have you ever tried to laugh without smiling
: But do you have slow hands?
Video tips would be awesome! You got the 5DMII? Nice! But leaving it in Charlotte, not so good ;)
seonapticsDamn Helena! Veerrrrrrrrrry nice pictures - u r realy talented! ...& thanks for following me!
sry ive bn "under" 4 a while - was in China fly back soon...
attire no. Hooters yes
Morning!! -_- Today you should have a Apple.
Just woke up ?
ewwww!!! r u kidding me u moron
we're in a good place. show is looking great. it's nice to feel something when you watch a show. doesnt happen often.
Why buy the cow when you get the sex for free?
RT : #Hair Tip: Once done blow #drying, flip your #hair upside-down & blast it with cool setting to set style & add
Shawn White.... Wow.
Bed time...then Baltimore...then Denver...So excited abt the new administration!
How many of the veteran players has he alienated??..just ask guys like Hart/Hardy/etc...glad u guys have him...
This movie is scarier than any horror movie i've ever seen. #jumanji . wtf abcfamily ??
Awesome, thanks! :)
Our Advanced English Class starts at 4:30pm. Practice your English skills in a fun, friendly environment!
ohh i see, that's chill then
scene from The Meaning of Life. The administrator is coming. Turn on the most expensive machine & the machine that goes bing!
Fitch Publishes U.S. Leveraged Finance Spotlight Series: Clear Channel Communications, Inc.
who's kid is it?
All I want is to watch #masterpiece for the rest of my life
I was also concerned when I first saw Up. But at least they got the sad part out of the way early.
its ok :/ not your fault
that whole episode was so good. so happy that parks got a full season order!
Worthless people live only to eat and drink; people of worth eat and drink only to live.
What a great #Bluetooth #UPF. Wish even more companies decided to test interoperability this way...
RT : Things are beautiful if you love them. - Jean Anouilh
finished band meeting with & - 2012 bringing new CD! An Oasis Album Cover show! New Pics! Yes...
The only people that try and cheat in my class are the Indian people and an asian. Lol
#GhostHunters is presently #20 on Google's Search Trends - that's huge!
Got a substantial gift to support the film yesterday. Thank you! #indy #film #ufo Paulding (working title) is progressing well.
Happy Sunday! Start the week off stronger - get a good workout! Anytime! And it's just a 5min drive!
right on!
Feeling unusually good about the New Yorker this week. Parker, Frazier, and Lane are all really excellent.
YES. i feel as if i should have a twitter acct set up for them already
"You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart. I will be found by you," declares the Lord... Jeremiah 29:13-14
my favorite hanne-face.
Woo hoo! : Woo hoo for my bracket!
o yea your hand writing is as bad as mr. Sherman's
Excited to spend some time tonight and tomorrow with our leaders at our first Leader Weekend! Expose.EMPOWER.Unleash.
stemming spinach leaves
lol, where u been at? u missed one good ass party
no problem.
Ready for the weekend!
Big win for low-income communities in CA! #Solar for All #AB1990 made it out of committee today! Congrats #CEJA!
Stumbling is not falling.
I love myself better than anyone else.
LP Atlanta is going to campaign school in a few hours! And there's an End The Fed rally today too!
Great job on "The Talk" today.
just like you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
i hate that old ppl think just because they are old and have seniority they can say the most inconsiderate things and get away with it
did someone slip something in your drink?
I'll actually be in your neighborhood tomorrow. Will bring the leftovers.
#suWoO To ThE
Finally watching Sherlock: A Scandal in Belgravia on PBS! I freaking love this series.
Game testers wanted by these titans in the gaming industry only have to worry about time
#GOODLUCKJUSTIN!(: i love you!
I cannot wait to be a total nerd and play diablo 3 as soon as it comes out.
Wednesdays are great days to further your successes!!!!!!!
Its lik I can detect whose a 2011 graduate and whose not.
I hate when girls are always tweeting about love. #STFU hoe.!
Sun please stay out so I can take my senior pictures tonight
Off to the city for an interview with a modeling agency, then a go see for some print work! ;-)
what's wrong
Nice! Seems hard to believe I first saw them in 1993!
I think I'm ready for what's next.
Hey buddy, how late does the band play? "Oh, about a half a beat behind the drummer."
So much to do today. Crazy amounts of paper work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
What I really think is sexy Intelligent Black Men who value the right things in life & don't adhere to ignorance of rappers & other stuff
“It’s all about intimacy with Him…There is nothing better than His presence." -
Did you know? Manhattan's highest natural elevation, 265 ft, is found in Washington Heights!
thanks so much for following! you guys are awesome! (:
lmaoooooooo“: Got a reality show coming out called "Who Wants to be a Promoter?" #idcf”
#wcphilly #day2 : Life cycle of a ticket: The oldest open ticket is 6.5 years old, the youngest, probably 20-30 minutes ago.
Omfg my dog had her puppies
Thing about most people, they all screw you over in the end.
your welcome
R.I.P. La Dectric Robinson one of, ikes finest
heeeeyyy!! <U+2665> I CAN'T BELIEVE SOMEONE CALLED YOU CHUNKY :O what a douche! anyways love you! follow? (:
Cake cake cake cake Cake cake cake cake Cake cake cake cake
For real? I am sorry if that is so, Cliff.
#hokemm the thought is to make the helmet color closer to the color of the pants. DM for details
Unless someone likes a good pinot and wants to come with ;) $20
What a rush!
join the club
should have another party! If someone convinces her ill love them forever.
Dont like arguing with people. Especially niggas !
We just heard that our panel: "Dissolving Walls: Interpreting Outdoor Spaces" was accepted for the AAM conference in LA May 2010.
En route home to Seattle for tonight's lecture on Networked Urbanism http:://nowurbanism.org
dogs could talk if they had a smaller tongue
yep *smiles*
Me too! RT : i'm over this bipolar weather
Is Atlas Sound playing tonight? I though they were scheduled for tomorrow—or is that the "hint"?
sup ma
Awesome! Looking forward to seeing it :)
#onmywishlist is sailing in the BVI
It's a Switchfoot kind of day. Headphones on....
Today's Get Energized tip: Avoid placing lamps or televisions near the air-conditioning thermostat.
gonna be plenty warm this week, time to hit the DG courses and find some more fans! our grassroots marketing is 2LEGIT2QUIT
Teen Digital Advisory Committee interviewing teens at Teen Night
Thanks to all who came out last night! And a special thanks to those who stayed afterwards to do the Cupid Shuffle with us!! So much fun!
Have had an amazing time in New England. Will miss the massive amounts of Clam Chowder & Lobster Bisque! Back to #midmo #lomo & Italian wine
Yes. I will scan them from my sketchbook shortly.
Someone needs to show her ALC rules RT : Did Evelina Halsey Brandt just admit she wants to build amenities on the Garden City...
Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear. -Gandhi
You want to see me look like a monkey? Watch me use Microsoft Outlook.
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
ok Preshus don't get beside yourself
Who's going to be at #SXSW Interactive? #Code4Lib colleagues? Friends from the #Boston area?
yea my bad I thot u stayed here
Haha oh the #irony. World sleep day and happens to be the one day I get 2 hrs sleep
I even asked around. They said it should b cool but seemed to b not sure though
Blake Shelton underwhelms at #stagecoach especially after Luke Bryan brought it.
That boredom
So it's "get at Purp" day? Smh
good day!(: filed trip tmrw
Another chance to with and this Friday at the Republic from 6-9pm!
So im a raging insomniac, good thing thats when my creativity comes out #harness-it haha
I'm not racist at all. I fucking hate everybody.
Take me from everything i couldnt leave
All new Austin and Ally tonight at 7!!!! SO excited can't wait.
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you at the
I was bored and needed someone to follow on my phone so I can seem popular when it rings Dx
*~bored den a mofo rite now in joncas classroom with Belser and....my class:P bored den a mofo rite nw~*
Thanks for the follow, Miss Ann!
congrats on winning the Masters!
twitter world plz stop sending me messages at these crazy hours! ur lucky im kimbeezy =P *->BaByDoLL<-*
damn is it that serious ma!
if i say i'm more tech savvy than the average person, that's not saying much
Would love to see Brandon Weeden backing up ARod in GB for many years. The kid may be 28, but he can play.
Happy Chinese New Year, especially to fellow Dragons (1976)!
Maybe we should.
Build a responsive site in a week: media queries (part 4)
Happy birthday Wickett! Make it a great day... Let's toast to a bloody soon!
As they say... If things around you don't change,,, change the things you're around.
just don't look down! it's scary down there...
you speak french, spanish, and english? nice.(:
Just this once, can someone turn off the moon!?
Bridesmaids with
I am not going to fall asleep to Tonight because I am not laying down, it's impossible to fall asleep wile standing up everyone knows that
Just saw a baby crying on Santa's lap. My trip to the mall is complete...
Thank you for retweeting these: they are excellent. Thanks to for the original
-Roses are red, Violets are blue, He's for me, not for you, By a chance, You take my place, I'll take my foot nd smash it up your annus
you best believe it! for some 2012 is the end of the world. for us, we're just gettin warmed up!
My children sang all the way to school this morning. A better mom would have enjoyed it. I did not.
is so sexy holy crap! So jealous that met him! xD
Thanks Phil! Will keep an eye for the date!
Bout to finalize my packing...
"Another Sunrise, Another New Beginning." -- Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Random sampling of new song titles - Daddy, Dreamcatcher, The Road/Kicking Stones, The Devil's Whistle, July 26th 2010, Dogma, True Union
Currently at the premiere of "The Pool Boys" at Graumans Chinese Theater in Hollywood!
That is only the beginning. Next up, "Create Hero" repeatedly resulting in Error 300008.
#WhatIFindAttractive YOU!! :D
funny because I'm also knitting. We are old.
You don't tweet much.
LA Angels desperately need to go trout fishing their offense sucks right now
hover over the row/column and right-click (ctrl-click on a Mac).
"A girl giving a handjob has to feel like a monkey trying to put a square block into a round hole."-One of my bosses.
Jesus Loks does love me. & Karla said so :(
Worked 9 hrs now to work out!!! :)
No one likes bees.
Family Style small plates? Who knew? Plus, thanks for calling us the small plate pioneer. I almost broke my arm patting myself on back :)
word man. you got some pretty dope beats yo. keep it up.
Okay Mitt Romney, I see you. You'd never get my vote, but I see you!
great tip!! Thanks.
did you get your answer about what a 45 is?
Working on a bikini photo shoot all day can give a person a serious complex
Hearing rumblings that Peyton Manning might need a second neck surgery.
i would expect nothing less
So much man meat in Towson town center today..
Just think how she feels, being a genie in a bottle and all.
It makes me happy that a little thing like not being football season dissuades no one in Green Bay from wearing Packer gear
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you're common law married and then split up, you must have a formal divorce before you're single again.
We have finished recording all the tracks on our Christmas CD! Will go on sale soon!
NO! Hey, boy's turn around! Walk this way! The milkshakes are over here!
aww thanks steve! :)
Impressed you put something together for the W that didn't involve SKC getting lost on way to stadium. Well done!
oh wow mastication juicer #doyou have a brand recommendation?? Green good yes. Planting many greens now for summer juices.
yes! it is going to be like my tweet stream only better with commentary and such! :)
My favorite Drug: Eminem :B
Got some bacon bitters at :)
tune in to 103.1 today at 5pm.. New station! Want the press release?
Garbage at the 9:30 Club?! HELL YES!
California-wiz k
Designers: What's the last thing you made that you're really proud of? Go!
Toys know too much...They see too much LOL
In the event it was red herrings. Seriously.
Hope u & ur lovely wife had a great opening of tonite! I have a few friends in it too. Can't wait to see it!
Staying busy! Rehearsal tonight. Working on new material for our show on the 27th.
best part about banging a 60 year old broad...
Working on the new timeline page for facebook!!!
try some crystal light. It has some caffeine but no sugar. Just think of it like the patch.
We could sing in such harmony
Back at the hotel, trying to stay awake for
#WhiteGirl RT : "I get it, I got it, I know it's good, the rhymes I rhyme, you wish you could!"
. I think we're talking about a different demo. Besides the location of the IUPUI hotel was a no- win situation from the start.
Just added two new dates for Tarot Classes in February!!! Beginning Wednesdays, Feb.2nd and Fridays, Feb. 4th www.PsychicRick.com/class
herro Tillman! I is love your show!! I is part bulldog part Scottie
GO GLORIA!
#Eastboundanddown revving my engine
Ha, haven't tried those, I guess I need to expand my options :)
Great Ratings for the TBS game, but who is the math wiz who decided playoffs games need to start midday? Bet SFvPhi rating were low
IT! me & pilar already did! and we're going crazy ! I <3 IT SO MUCH! AH! ;D
Sean Penn! RT : What future Oscar winner starred in The Beaver Trilogy?
We got the 7 we needed. Three and out please and thanks
After you've made purchases online, check your e-mail. Merchants often send confirmation e-mails or other communications about your order.
This is the perfect time to watch the We Are the World video.
#PCA okay I love pca but im tired of tweeting
I feel like all of you should text momma Sprinkle and tell her Happy Mothers Day and thank her birthing this red-bearded beauty bear 7531776
haha come on now
": Confirmed: Cap City Diner is closing." Very sad to hear.
Love! Just mentioned as we do their cheesecake! Enjoy your meal honey.
hahaha! You need like therapy or something!
smmfh at u
The Internet misses you. Have fun today!
Beautiful Las Vegas day
Bad hair day? Lol
Thanks Bro-Chacho!!!
So much to do this evening! Do work son! Gotta get that FUEL in real quick though! Dinner time!
I've already been punched and slapped all before noon.
I will bring you 3 in exchange for the safe return of the Big Boy that took. Deal?
Finals. Are. Over. Another great year at in the books!
The shots are about to start at ice house with the girls and
apparently called latin fiesta =P
Just launched our facebook page today. Complete with new mixes of our songs
8th row, very nice. Not as nice as the Milwaukee one last year tho, thanks to you
Time. To. Edit.
LETS GO CAPS!!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 37
i want a pet Moose..
Hope y'all enjoyed the hotel! Have a great day!
yea they got some young players now, but they still boring to watch.lol
are you going to make an appearance in the new Friday movie ?
the blogs were hot yesterday talking about her dating a woman, when in reality, its nobodys business
Avril hi how are u?
The world is full of Monday morning quarterbacks and not enough Sunday afternoon players.
Uggs and short shorts
"And my heart beats/So I can hardly speak"
ONLY IF I CAN TAKE THE TIME BACK.
Having been the GM of a major public broadcasting station, there is always time to sell. And that's the non-profit model.
kinda slacked today working out.. #sadtweet #barelybrokeasweat =/
Pick me up every season of SouthPark and I'll pay you Tuesday, I swear. (I would, actually, since I have no time to shop.)
Watch for the nesting pair of eagles to return in March 2010. In the meantime enjoy the African Safari Webcam. www.africansafaricam.com
I wish they would see the TT. Thank You Joan <U+2665>
Lopey? You're better than that.
I've been having a blast hanging out with Laura and Alan this week! I can't wait to see them again tomorrow! :)
OH! Don't forget about Sangria Friday, as well as the TWO Happy Hours today! City's Longest 2pm-7pm & After Dark 10pm-3am (It's ALMOST 2pm!)
Flights booked for #pearsoncite. Looking forward to the next round of design partner discussions around
Ha! Amazing.
When people cold call with "exciting opportunities" it makes me feel slimy. Send serious propositions via email please.
Thoroughly enjoyed Material Inscriptions, Collections, and Their Publics and From Fever to Folder yesterday at #sourcesymp Thank you!
Going to a third OT in DC! Let's go Rangers!
Pauli :D
Michelle really hopes so too!
we should put up a cover of us playing all i want like we did in guitar club. ill get it down for sure then we can just sing
"I put the 'massage' in 'misogynist.'" -- clever masseuse who hates women
That's Cool!!! I would like to vist California one day. That's a Big Dream Of Mine.
Downloading the great presentations from
DIS IS WUT DREAMS ARE MADE OF * SHAKES ASS *
On lunch half of my day is done
Heavy moves man heavy moves...
my cousin is having her wedding up there next year. haha. so yes, I'll be in ny. :) haha
corn dog!!
Tonight is Jamie Moyer's 636th start, 25 yr veteran. His opponent: 22 yrs old, 4th start. Age over wisdom?
White Mountains loom above hills N of Fairbanks Pilot John points out permafrost line atop ridge
Florense Chicago's Fall Sale starts TODAY!
are you this stupid Mark. You are easily put to shame
sorry I was unpacking! So what's upp?_
hey look, it's patty. <3
Pawlenty and Bachman, two idiots, very disappointing!!!! www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Saint's Row 3? The Dominatrix? Probably because everyone thought it was a joke until Ubisoft doubly confirmed it.
Do yourself a favor and stop worryin' about other people's business,all that stress aint good 4 ya!
Yo Tal - What's happening baby? When will Intrigma get a Twitter feed?
H is going on a music tour february 10,2012 hope to see you @ the shows thanks YoBoy-H
Oh i didnt know fool..lol..ill call you sometime today.
Has anyone seen Tenure? Great movie.
He said it! "I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable." - Tupac Shakur
that's awesome! Maybe I will vote for Obama so we can finally have a revolution & end the #Republicrat charade.
how would you draw that as a yoga pose?
thats pretty co too... i was gonna get cixhilids but u cant put any other type of fish with em theyre so aggressive ha
learning abt google refine on a coffee break webinar
Love the 1hr+ commutes to Tysons from DC
another day another tear another month another year Another winter fall spring and summer too but there will never be another you </3
We drove 2 Queens 2day 2 pick up son's best friend from TX. His parents came 2 settle estate of a late aunt. He'll be with us a week.
Meeting then off to watch the #Bulls in action!
UK &amp; World News: Mirror chief Sly Bailey to quit
UGH RIGHT WHEN IM GONNA SLEEP. WHY NIALL. WHY MUST YOU TWEET TWICE NOW.
- need your expertise, new start-up, tried Skyping you off your site, email me to get the ball rolling
Bubble baths are relaxin........ and yea I still take bubble baths PROBLEM!!! O.o
Right back at ya!
Another successful spring game for the #Badgers, mostly because nobody was seriously hurt.
(I peed all over his luggage at the baggage claim tho so it's all cool)
Teaching 2 classes and 1 workshop this weekend and couldn't be happier about it...
I could get used to going to work 8AM-4PM everyday. Except Monday. That is just torture.
Time for hockey!
EVERYONE! FOLLOW he's amazing<3
Great time at Santacon my dude. Can't wait to continue it at #SHMafterparty! we are gonna crush it homie!
Oppenents hitting .150 vs starters in that stretch MT : #Brewers starting pitchers have 6 straight quality starts 1.62 ERA
I wish I was seeing #Titanic3D tonight!!!
WOO! Thanks my sweet scrappy paper sweetie sexy etsy sellin, elmo meltin mama!
Reminder to FOLLOW ME! Donating 50 dollars per 500 #followers to by easter! Help raise some money for a great cause
Btw i'm getting those pictures ready for you right now!
Lol Really? That's cool! :P
Happy Mother's Day to all of our Moms of the world! You help keep us truckin'!
Stressed out. Who's got stress relief tips?
Change in plans for Midday
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed. -Richard Brinsley Sheridan
Happy New Year!! Come party with Vegas' HOTTEST Showgirls and ring in the new year right! We're here 'til 6am, guys...
ok you in your room right now?
LA countdown:) 15 days!!!!
getting off be back on later. i love you all. and so does ! Bye #woof <3
Sorry, I'e been away so long. Office move nearly complete and off to New Zealand in 1 week!
How many of y'all know where y'all really want to be 5 yrs from now ?
On the high noon shootout between Sheriff Clarke & Ed Flynn - Clarke wins the fashion award (horse, spurs) but my $$ is on the Chief
get the fried oyster PO boy!
Gotta wait, my friend.
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing. Benjamin Franklin
Thanks!! We love our JABBERS, too!
Just got done playing fruit ninja on my phone xD I think I'm going to play temple run..
School isn't the place for me right now <U+E403><U+E058>
Yep, more: And special thx to who's tweeted her Brit booty off at
thanks for tickets on 88 and 117
: Random ear infection temp pain remedy that may only work on me: Pull earlobe down (& away a bit)
to whatever family member sent my mom that picture; you are dead to me.
Excellent! I don't remember if we met at TXJS a couple of years ago or not, but I look forward to (re)meeting you soon.
wow tht is creepy
city council city council city council city council
Go Irish!! Now can I get a Baylor win so there's a championship game I want to see???
Wow, the kid just gave an explanation of the irrationality of women that was as good as any one I've heard
Tampa Bay seems to be attracting top free agents, Miami Dolphins not so much! Who's to blame?
Could You Please Follow Me ?(:
Shout out to the Jersey boys I just met at the hotel hot tub, thanks for disproving the Jersey stereotypes while still maintaining hot abs.
Congrats and welcome to Dr. Stephen L. Ondra - new CMO at Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Happy Leap Year Day!
Heading 2 Balboa Park to meet up w/ Chris b4 the show 2nite Come out 2 Soda Bar. Chris Garneau. Mananaland. Ryan Blue. It's the shit yo! 930
funny how winning 12 out of 18 changes people's tune. If we can play .667 baseball for 15 more games we r at .500
from my brain place to my mouth hole LOL
Dear cheryl, Could u pls stop calling me sara. Thanks.
watched 4 years ago,he was just a small town kid from canada,never thot he would be a world wide phenomenon but
did you enjoy it last night?
We haven't tweeted in a while. Glad to have you back.
They have it so easy!
a dude at the daily ordered "four egg whites and four shots of espresso." how does that work, exactly?
Presenters & chairs: don't forget you can add handouts/materials to your #alamw12 session by posting a comment to it w/an attachment!
visit me when you're in Cali!!!!!
I need Bryce Avary in my life again.
lol it's a teen party and after this theirs a club party
Anyone know what night the #Grammys are on? Looking forward to missing them again this year (and next year and the year after that).
So nice out I love it
I MISS MY BESTFRIEND! Chase! I am dragging your butt down to the party so you better watch out!(: Haha JAYKAY! Love ya bud!(like a brother!)
i cry every time i see lion king. i'm 18. Scar is a jackass.
We all miss you! :)
ive really had enough
Sheamus Has Miami on His Mind
It was my pleasure! Anything for you guys!
wow Craigslist is poppin with braiders. I am not about that high-end salon braids life so thanks!
Billy went out to get groceries. I hope he is back before the Gremlins destroy the house!
Happy Holidays Spartans!!
4 Grammy winner U have to see this show. 2 more shows tomrrw @ 8&1030PM. Call JK, mention & get $5 off.
you think i can perform when i come
although lolita lyrics are not very acceptable in norms.. i just like the sound, beat, the way it's put together. again!! except the lyrics!
#SadMomentWhen I live so far away from :(
it's still stupid. And where did you hear that? Facebook bought instagram, I haven't seen anything about buying Twitter.
Anyone have suggestions for a student teacher whose cooperating professional is critical, not constructive?
hows it looking for Awake?
New york rangers fans goin crazy
Lookout Miami were coming for you! GoKnicks!
From Washington to New York to Japan #NBAlogowontdisapoint!!
which teachers?
That bison sacrificed the yearling like Shane shot Otis on Walking Dead #Frozen Planet
done teaching for the week, now back to writing....
now who done pissed u off ma.......
There really is no secret to being happy
See a pool of water under your car? Don<U+7A1A> worry, as long as it is just water, it is normal.
I know I'm in the South b/c I can see the giant Waffle House sign from my motel room window.
Thank you for the follow! Have a great day! :)
You told me it would be sunken in you Chicken did you know your tastes change and cilantro doesn't taste so much like soap at all.
I was recommended that I connect with you since we're fellow Atlanta-ions through, recommendation from
Tanya Plibersek is my MP and I am proud of her today ...
why ? i did .... i accept everyone XD
drank@ the taste of madison.killer eats yall
Of course you should :)
RT : Finally from George: "I want to coach a team that is willing to play the right way. That window has opened".
Ok,how are you?College is very sharp&I'm proud of your fight for yourself.What are you studying?
Where is your light or integrity? Yield not to temptation! Be Encouraged.
Good music, good people, good weather, good day at the Riverdale MD Arts Fest...thank you for your hospitality
There’s photoshop, make up, hair dye & plastic surgery. Too bad there’s nothing for your disgusting personality.
Hey!! Would you follow my best friend,she and I LOVE YOU!!! tweet back THANKS!! <3
Fuck you Tommy Rees. Fuck you with a hot rusty iron you piece of shit.
Watching The Sandlot (:
thursday you ?
yeah I guess.
Missing In studio again with only the boys.
That awkward moment when a guy accidentally hits your boob O.o
Sitting next to a table of library folk, but not terribly interested in networking.
love and miss u girl. Thank u. Texas misses you. MCMEOW!
Send us a link to the article when you have it written!
Did you know... March is Women's History Month!! Only 2 more days...
Nice! I hope so, for 's sake.
My home studios looking too nice right now. wish i could stay here all day
#EBUS118 FYI... Twitter class was setup earlier from TX with scheduled tweets on - I'm at Conference with
Did I win? I was dead on with 117-111
An oil boom in North Dakota is drawing more exotic dancers to the state that's got the highest percentage of churchgoers
If it takes a KB article to tell me which mail app I can accept a calendar invite in, the calendaring environment is broken.
Back at work after a lovely Westport weekend. AB's on a train to Annapolis. It's the last week of the Sept close. And Monday.
Watching Arizona State--ahead of Temple. I am in NCAA heaven
I pick up remainders everywhere I find them, just to have copies on hand for distribution.
Intimidation factor increased tenfold whilst sporting a peg leg.
In the hairdresser.. under the dryer :/
The owls are not what they seem.
Gotta hit this Gym after work smh it's gonna be rough but I'm up for the challenge !!
hahaha, I thought the same thing. Ashley is an idiot!
Several weeks ago, 1 of my wndrful librarian RSS feeds gave listed sites that create better charts than .xls Anyone remember that link?
Sorry, but I am pretty sure THING is correct.
Cholo adventures is "get down crazy" funny
Sad part of curatorial work - packing and returning the artwork. Going to LA for and
My last exam for the semester....World Literature 3pm...wish me luck :)
what kind is hers
Last Heat Game till the Playoffs!!.. Eff you Wizards...we'll... keep you warm? You'll..catch on fire with our blaze?..Um, Eff you Wizards!
points are dictated by our stats team if they award a goal/assist then it flows directly into the game note 2nd asts dont count
Why do people make random statements of affection on Twitter W/O using someones name? Isn't that like talking to urself?
My head hurt bad, headache really sockin me!! :(
Quite disappointed with trivia results tonight.only saving grace was we weren't last.
You scarred me. You lied, claimed to be my friend. You left me when I needed a friend. You pass me, smiling like nothing ever happened.
haha don't you love how that happens sometimes
i wonder how all of the baltimore bands are doing
Ok fine I'm getting instagram.
when will you all come back by MI to do as show or event?
followed you here...why'd you make a new one? :)
Our dispatch is trained & equipped to service ALL your courier service needs!! Call us now for your same day delivery request. 877-527-5737
i miss you guys soo much :'(
All I can think about is that loss
She sure does!
<U+2665> You gotta walk by faith and not by sight <U+2665>
Thrilled to hear another Hoya voice in the education! Am working with Alumni House to construct LinkedIn group. Interested?
we are here for you homie
For any disgruntled 49ers fans out there, would love to hear from ya.
nice job!
Tornado watch? Ehh I want a California roll tho!
#Washi has been made for 1400 years from the barks of 3 renewable plants: kozo, gampi and mitsumata
Tomorrow it's Cave Creek Park again (near Scottsdale): the mega mountain bike climb . . . May I spend the rest of my days here?
So excited! My folks are arriving for a visit today!
Question, I just ordered the Flip. Can I some how save the applications I have purchased to put on this phone?
Nick Johnson = wasted roster space.
In this summer heat I'll make it hot and sweaty for you ;)
My salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect. Donuts.
Targeted Detroit Business Outreach today at Northwest Activity Center was GREAT! Keep up the great work Mayor Bing! You have a gr8 team!
If you feel good you will think positive thoughts.
I need to lose 1.01 lbs a week until my birthday to reach my end goal of 135. Totally doable!
hahaha! Soon you will! We will be on tour soon!
haha well i just embrace the fact that im white, and dont try
I'm not southern or northern, I'm from Maryland bitch
Turn it up, heat it up, I need to be entertained.
Tf KD35 #playoffs then we see who the best
I freking love you! Your music always makes me feel better <3
PDX-Need help in Portand Sunday. Help dismantle wheelchair ramp and truck to move it to NE PDX. That's it! Not reassembling yet. email us.
#bookclub Hunger Games
on the kimball bus lonely as hell lmao
and you know the Baltimore-Washington area will eat it up
I HAVE NO IDEA. SOMEONE SAID THEY ARENT
Thank god there's a new saturday. Since I'm sick all weekend. It's gonna give me sunshine like always . <3
What am I saying this is so worth it
Wishing everyone a FABULOUS St. Patrick's Day Weekend! How are you celebrating?
Top 1% of startups account for 40% of new job creation - Anthony Chen @ Silicon Flatirons Conference
Happy Mothers day mama (:
After a busy week filled with many ups and downs, I'm looking forward to a nice relaxing weekend.
To all da haters:You think youre hot,but you know the deal...well its me and you know who be keeping it real!
follow where I'll be participating in #Motorama LIVE talking about the Scion FR-S and Texas Auto Roundup!
Standing in LAX Terminal 3 and all power goes out... the entire terminal. Its been 20 mins and still no response from an authority.
and - you guys rocked the house at the PNC tonight! Loved it. I had the best birthday ever. Thanks you guys! <3
It's official we have reached the 700 followers mark. Thank you all of your for following. More news to come.
PS. I like the Hanukkah-presents-every-day idea!
Baltimore kicks a field goal and intercepts a Houston pass. Ravens up 20-13! fb.me/cablecarpub
Being drunk and lost sucks. I was looking for my hotel room for 3 hours lol
how do u knew tyler
Gotta say, Google, I do like those new .js scrollbars that got pushed to Gmail. , would be interested to hear your thoughts.
Last night was amazing... But of course this happens
: Steelers vs. Broncos in the playoffs it's on. Happy new year!
I have an HTC Droid Incredible, but I'm due for an upgrade. I'm having the same problems you are.
Dont wait for things to feel "right" in your life to worship.Worship God even when it hurts.With all you are, wherever you are,today.
Kick-Ass was beyond fantastic!!!
Dc is jumpin....m
Now I know that the Lord is greater than all gods: (Exodus 18:11 KJV)
Hi Chloe. Please direct message us; we have some good news for you (you're a winner in our contest).
• Just the rest of the series...not the whole playoffs
The rapstress will hitting the road on a 14-date trek...
Is looking forward to #jujitsu then conditioning tomorrow morning with Gabriel Rainho and the #combatcompany #mma crew!
have you driven the Sooner Schooner yet? As a Mizzou fan I am going to imagine that's your company car.
Austin seems so happy and i am so excited for him. This is what he wants. Let him live his dream.
13 BANDS battle it out!! Starts at Noon in the outdoor stage. Non Stop Barbecue. El Pastor Restaurant. 570 Market St. Ironbound Newark
Bedford’s pets ham it up for the camera
when the rain causes us to have no direct tv <<<<<<<<<<
you're welcome!:)
Secretary Clinton steadfast offering of respect and diplomacy strengthens are relation w/China & the world! TBR
damn, loo! His name is Sincere!
RT : - what's your art museum? #artmuseumday ... tell us you're coming! | We love them all!
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy. Lows in the mid 50s. West winds 5 to 10 mph. Becoming northwest after...
haha baller status “: New Era should sell their stickers on their own. You could upgrade your favorite old hat to baller status.”
He must have been about 600 years old by then. Just an angry ol drunk fuck
Ain't Guna lie , I'm in love with Yelawolf n his music <3
On this site in 1897 nothing happened--Getting ready for a fun sale this weekend. Halloween costumes, vintage masks and random objects.
Kia exec talked so long the players literally cannot stand up any longer. Nadal actually leaning on net...And here come the chairs.
I've never flew over the Bermuda triangle, always wanted to; but death wish isn't exactly on my top 10 at the moment. Maybe next week.
Puppy montage?? Wish I watched that show.
happy birthday Timothy! :) you're new music video is so adorable!
I love my bo<3 CHRIS!!!!
REMEMBER you are conscious light, let it shine!
this aderal needs to kick in...maybe ill remember stuff lol....
Just watched 50/50..I recommend it.
perhaps you are delineating the power of the PHI. Even if you have an audience of 12, it's still a dialectic.
RT : 28% : I wonder how much battery had left on his phone”
Laughter is the best medicine.
Lebron with another MVP award baby. Fuck everyone who said it wasn't gonna happen ever again
Anyone else think that it's weird that the poeople in the movies never go to the bathroom?
I Still Dont Know How Sex Smells Like. Blah
NBC has decided to bench
Be sure to Vote NO in the referendum to stop the #WisconsinUnion from putting a #GlassBox on the Terrace.
This <U+2614><U+26A1> is gonna put me right to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>!! Exactly what I needed
Hard not to like a game with a position called "silly point"
Staats spoke Mahican and Haudenosaunee languages as well as English. He negotiated with indians and English
Haha, the fact that JClay sang it...
Looks like your Kangs believe in Jimm...now you have gotta bruh! Tyreke isn't a leader anyhow
For Madonna's cougar sorcery. RT : Cee-lo looks scared of falling
That earthquake felt strong! 3.9 near Berkeley.
you won because your amazing!
Thanks for the #FF shout out, my friend -- have a great weekend!
How do you get that free coaching?
im almost done memorizing the 2nd page!
We have a new server ready - vpn-ub3 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Dallas, Texas. It's available in your customer area now.
i'm honestly helping you if you think about it... People see what you do at school and obviously it got back to Cruz.
Today was National Margarita Day, we drank a few in honor. We know great with mexican food, after a few does it matter what it pairs with.
he a senior?
deano just getting the quads massaged. Haha #changingtires or you would spell it
But rasins remind me of old people..ewwww lol
With all of the crazy & damaging things happening in this Walker admin and this is what WSJ editorial board decides to fiercely attack?
Trial of cop charged w/ sex crimes could last 3 wks. Women who say A revalos was inappropriate but who aren't "victims" will testify
lmaooo yup I do don't worry I'll give you some........one day but not today lol jk<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
That actually was the test. And you failed it.
I am loving this California Weather, hope everyone in ATL holding it down.
Brett Favre has not yet been cleared from his concussion. Will he play tomorrow? Yes or No?
Watching Beauty and the Beast whilst building my new website.
A drunk driver is very dangerous. So is a drunk backseat driver if he's persuasive - Demetri Martin
It's not always what you say that matters, sometimes it's what you don't say - Mr.Krabs
yes! he literally asks like everyday, "When's Joe gonna come over?!" so you best come over soon.
Ha! Now I have to watch that episode. He flew out the wide open door...
Just say I miss u
sunday is for brunch. 9am-2pm.
Not one person at the mobile MTKG event has a feature phone. I only upgraded a month ago.
My new favorite teaching phrase: "please take out your internet-compatible device...."
Thanks for hosting such a great event! Looking forward to all that is to come!
I'm like a nerd at my school, but the kind of nerd with killer swag lool
I would if I was living in Vegas! Still have to visit since I've never been.
Be careful who u call ya friend #RealTalk these nigkas be worse then bytchs be fo them dollas
Does anyone have a monitoring system that you can monitor from your smart phone?
We did! Sigh... better luck next time.
Rules for nicknames: 1) You can't make one up for yourself. 2) You can't complain about any you don't like.
whoa, that's a lil steep. You gotta keep it coming.
i suffocate wen ur away from.....so much love you take from me.....im goin outta my mind....<3
This Friday's show: Are you a Sole Proprietor or an LLC? Do you know how to make your hbb legal? FIND OUT! www.worldtalkradio.com
465 is one hot mess today
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. —Alice Walker
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
King released from jail, released by Minnesota
You name of good organizations - What about the packers?
#NPinDSE A Tribe Called Quest - Footprints
we not goin no more
I wonder if my dad will let me do Senior skip day next year...
heard 2 guys debating scratching out "wife" and writing in "girlfriend" because good cards are gone
We were out with yesterday in Philly at and It was amazing! Thanks to both stations for having us!
“: Mrs.Coleslaw dragged me into the store Anthropolgie. It's a real life #Pinterest.” so true!
Iphone 4 my bf had Driod it sucked so bad for him too now he has Iphone 4 and we talk to Siri all the time :)
: To satisfy our customers' needs, we'll give them what they want, not what we want to give them. - Steve James
Happy MF Friday for me!
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you! Go Mets!
Thanks for the support!!
When you smile, I melt inside. I'm not worthy for a minute of your time.
Glad to see reality hit Facebook in the face. Now, let's get real about Apple folks. Glad it's up 2day but last month = brutal.
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed. ~Gandhi
Until follows me and tweets me, I'll just fangirl at my background of him in my iPod :)
Are you going to ? We are! Vote for SmartVAN for Most Valuable Tech & grab a Lefty at the job fair
Just went to wrong location for my audition. I'm at the beach audition in Hollywood. No worries ill make it!
THIS DAMN GAME IS NOT OVER\
If I ever lost my dad, I'll be terrified!!
haha before or after you brought me a water into the bathroom? Which incidentally ended up in my front yard <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
The full Moth Complex album is now up on iHeartRadio <U+2665> Enjoy! :)
I'm her biggest fan!!! Thanks!
It's a Wonderful Life is a story about how one person changes his world by existing. Rotary members are like this to the world.
i was watching a movie. I look over at makayla and she was eating the play lipstick you guys gave her. Hahaha..lol :-)
I know im enjoying tweeting you, are you enjoying it?
RT : Dunbar's number says humans can only maintain 150 relationships. Avg number of Facebook followers is 130.
Makes me feel great! Thank you.
Think I will do some songwriting tonight! :)
I found a Mourdock supporter. He says that he feels like has become less conservative & wants someone new
Tomorrow is the last day of the first camps of 2012. Campers...how's it going?
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Chicago! When they come through drop in say Hello!
Everybody has a story.....
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "Always respect time, because time waits for no one and you can't get a second back"
Francis Chan: It u get it u won't be lukewarm. (Message: Lukewarm and Loving It)
is throwing away the work sheets. They are counter-productive. We learned more math making choc chip muffins this morning.
facebook been started to suck
Enjoy the barrage of beige.
hey i been bowin yo phone up nigga where u been bro
Len's getting worse as the night goes on.
tryna get him i need help!!!!
When you miss someone, it's always the worst when you can't help but wonder if they miss you too. And if it's harder for them or for you..
been waiting for these since November!!
We want to know, what is your favorite bands at the current moment?
It's ok, I was just telling K cause she asked me to come over. this morning i found out i scheduled my math class at the wrong
Your soul is happy 100% of the time-You remember this sometimes. Sometimes you don't- Make a reminder
Happi Pi Day! Eat a pizza and some blueberry pie a la mode, and then you may calculate: 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751
Same here..... 1D 4 life.. No matter what
the song is really nice and i made it in a studio this would like this song hopefully ull see this !!!!
hey james!
No but I will now! I was able to order with IE (I know, I was surprised too!), didn't work in Chrome or FF. thanks!
Hey welcome all new followers to my crazy tweet life!
that moment that makes you feel awesome because you sang a song that you haven't heard for about 2 years or more XD or just a very long time
just finished enjoying Good Food w on the radio! Who wants Korean BBQ?
Keep it going!
really?! I like both! For some reason I just get major butterflies when guys call me babe, whether I like them or not.
HA! Only the good ones do...the rest aren't worth the time
Does anyone know someone looking for summer teaching posiiton? Cottage Grove Parks & Rec (USTA 10 & Under program) is looking
or Keep Jesus Wired.
You aren't winning any Championships anytime soon. Also, there's no crying in basketball!!
Hey are u a boy belieber? :)
Best tout so far: 'you and I are going to be best friends'.
back at it!
“: HAPPY BDAY WHOADIE!!”Thanks Come To Peanuts Tonight!!!
: Hanging at The Marvel Bar with & Brilliant cocktails found. #aam2012 (This is what we're missing!)
Thanks for the follow!
It's a big change from what we're used to thinking... and a long process as well
Who wears Skinny jeans to the gym? This is why the world has so many problems!
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
Honestly that halftime show was produced very well. Madonna looked a little stiff though
agreed, is the best. Thanks!
More Insiders Buying at Maxwell Technologies (Updated)
About to hear Judy Bloom speak so that I can finally understand all these changes my body is going through.
no but all my buddies do. they are getting days off. told not to even come already. one buddy is a cop and say its going to be bad
and on Friday the day I broke it I fell it was funny but then it hurt more
#InTheSummer of 2012 i will fuck somebodies bitch and not no... oops! as my hand covers my mouth.
This weather makes me sleepy as fuck
"...my body doesn't want repair, but longs for innocence. If innocent, despite the flaws I wear, I am beautiful." --K.F.
great look into startup win culture. likes to gong + Yamm milestones
Socratic seminars for me too. Some conversations blew my mind!
"why don't we all just be friends" haha i would rather die in an oven
#FF #Follow these great bands and artists!
RT : Pisses me off more than anything when people KNOW we close at 12 and they BS around... It's 12:15. I should be at home
Yoooooouuk!!! Nice home run. You were due!!
Sam Adams marathon beer taste like a waterd down wachussett blueberry
Happy New Year everyone! Be safe out there!
Great educational experience w/ my daughter's class field trip to the Holocaust Museum/Educational Center. Reflections follow.
Jiro an absolute treat. Best doc so far. Left a smile on face, in my heart.
Hello Green Bay!
Felt like I was white water rafting in my car...the streets are flooded! #get itogether
just yelled incoming. Inches from a direct hit. Someone on 12 needs lessons
all night then mhmmm
Live it up and have a happy Thanksgiving break!
Last night I dreamed that & I used taxidermied squirrels as finger puppets @ the Cs RnR party; deserved to be there.
When you become a legend, pants just fit better.
i feel you bro. real shit. good luck lol
<U+E057> thank u! That just made my day aha <U+E328>
If you want images to be clickable links, just select the image and then click the RTE's "A" anchor button and enter the link url
Hate to agree, but your slogans are right on. Tired of a non-competitive team year after year.
A friend in need is a friend indeed. - This English saying can have three different meanings. The first meaning says that a true friend .
As you see, my response time is not improving! I got picked up after the early afternoon session. Did you stay for the keynote?
Gotta have roots before branches, to know who I am, before I know who I wanna be.
:D yup. Can't wait for that either
COOL STORY BRAAH.
I called Starbucks today.... Once the servers are updated points will be updated and will be ok. You didnt lose points.
lol me and my mom are Dancing to U know she's my wave coach and we battlin it out
$PASO Patient Access Solutions is dedicated to quality and service within the healthcare community
o thats incredible- i will def start working on it- is it possible to have him send me the lyrics- if not thats fine-
Ah yes. That's one of the reasons I chose the commuter. No problem in my regular clothes--skirts even (which I am wont to wear).
SOMEONE SHOUlD CALL ME... I'M BORED OUT OF MY MIND!!!!
Crazy, it is snowing in Kansas City. Speaking of crazy we are running a "snow sale" in our outlet store. Save 15% on all food items!
As is this amazing free agency frenzy. As fans, what did we lose? HOF game? I'll live. Lack of Hard Knocks hurts, tho.
They're selectors they eat very few : It is dark. You are likely to be eaten by an archivist. #iipc12”
The weekend goes by fast, every time. Enjoying the rest of this lazy Sunday. Hope everyone else is too!
“: I got a hip bath from #JeJu yes. I feel great!” ok! I was scared, I didn't do it.. I was inquiring. Was it painful?
reppin stevenage on my own woo, such a shit mood:(.
Need a new, cost effective way of generating leads? Check out our Unlimited Leads platform - Contact us at 866.460.6611
If could natively generate RSS feeds, it would be seriously powerful. Imagine being able to transform non-personal email into a feed.
Cutting up your own writing is highly satisfying ;)
I ADORE yacht rock. My favorites are the Van Halen vs. Eagles episode and the Warren G episode
It's funny how hoes show love in V.I.P
Are you guys all packed into that tiny wedge?
Emily on #Revenge is like Don Draper in that I feel I really shouldn't like her or want to watch a show about her, but strangely I do.
home I'm dome for the day.
Working super hard to keep my beach body! Woo! \( °o°)/
well i wish u luck.. :)
bring on the sunshine, the hell with the red wine, pour me some moonshine;
that sounds delicious
haha true that man I hated that school!
Oscar flies out to end the Panthers 7th. ASU has a 7-2 lead heading to the bottom half of this inning. Stretch time!
yes!! it's so god!
Bday of Champions!?! RT FYI we're about 5 months and some change away from one of the most epic days of the year!!!!
Responded to FIRE @ 230 Chestnut Ave, Staten Island, NY 10305. Red Cross auto update.
This gets a YES: MT A connection between health + outdoors is solid. Calling it a disorder is spurious.
this semester was GREAT. thank you to all my prof for giving me GREAT grades......jk
Thx for all the new follows! Hit us up on Instagram ;) facebook.com/alessaisred
<< good morning! How's the Charlie horse? Good mothers day?
Do or Do not, there is no try
Thanks, Miss P.! How do you use technology to educate your students? Please, feel free to share with us!
crappy -Literally crappy like in a plastic bag and tossed in the trash to be burned later... Sorry to gross the ladies out.
1940 census rocks!
I'm a first timer too...this place is huge!
Just got off a power call / Story Bridge Project coming to Oakland Public Schools May - Dec 2012 for African American Males
my mom put that in a newsletter about me a year after i was born imma bring it to school tomorrow
I take you with me in my ilusion and I give you my love forever
Heading out... sunset dinner in Coronado! Have a GREAT weekend!
As long as he doesn't feed it after midnight, he should be OK.
Oh god, watching lawyers try to comprehend addition / subtraction in Contracts was *excruciating.*
We gonna be rich forever
Wanna Party?? Follow for more Info. Lets Party People!!!
I had to look that up but I'm glad I did. So beautiful. Thank you.
Great job ! Very inspirational
100% Rest day ~ First one in weeks...and by rest day I mean working a 12 hour track meet
A Romantic Story... Part 1 [EXPERT]
naaaaa im good
Dunks got new straws!
RT : From Power restored in SW Austin at 9:15 pm. Cause: squirrel.
Almost ready to start the broascast of the Timbers game on Estrella TV and La Pantera 940am
LaHood says he's never seen a more partisan DC in his 35 yrs. "The only thing they can agree on is naming a post office."
They still ya whole sound that's a
Thanks for the RT! :-)
Jazz is always better chunky.
I luv u past the moon...I really do, wen I say I hate u I mean that too ma u make me crazi bt sometimes dass wat luvas do
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 41
are going to sending out Xtamina Energy Drink's Energy Mix CD's by "DJ Don't Stop" & "DJ Kaios" of ATL for Promoters & DJ's
Sometimes I really miss Portland. Then when it's cloudy here for more than 10 minutes, I realize I really don't.
I don't like Celine. I LOVE Celine.
It was great to meet you too, Ethan! Glad to keep in touch with you on Twitter.
#TeamFollowALemmingOffACliff Looking for some new friends! Nevermind my lack of personality.
#AGirlDeserves a nice guy that treats them what they are a PRINCESS <U+E022>
I hope you have a WONDERFUL birthday !!! May all your wishes come ture ! Happy Birthday Michele ! #LoveTheMahomies <3
That first cup of Joe ...
1 more week birthday :)
Haha! Yeah, Afentra! Kiss her ass! Kiss it real fucking good. Slobber that shit up, coach ass on your mouf.
The Celtics can suck my dick, the Sixers can DEFINITELY suck my dick, the Pacers can suck my dick, the Heat can suck my dick...
Been working but now it's time for a break
haha Thank!s! I had nothing better to do when I was stuck on the couch so I took pictures of myself!
Memorial Day Pilates Party: 6 Privates only $300 + 3 Free Mat Classes! (FRIDAY - MONDAY ONLY)
Its the unspoken words that hurt the worse.
Ever point to a cloud bc its a cool animal but the time everyone looks its clearly just a penis &by then ur the inappropriate perv pointing?
#mmaf2011 amazing speakers, agree on so many points on measuring #mobile in real-time
Have fun making more music. :)
frosted flakes it is *shrugs*
"Take the golden An in the Tan Van, you give it Dan who takes it to Fran" - Everything in the plan rhymes w/ An. <3 Sesame St!
#NewFollowes SHOUT OUT >> Recognized!!!
See bybloggers.net/wckc_cpt.zip for sample code from Custom Post Types session
Friend "I miss when all fire fighters were hot." Me "I pretty much think all firefighters are sexy just because they save lives and protect"
worse I was also a roommate for a year. Reflects poorly on my people skills.
That was amazing!!! You guys sounded even better live :D #TheWANTEDonTheVOICE Please follow xx
Oh I will and I always do!
#3WordsOfAdvice Trust no one
THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE!!!
Wow that is lovely news!
Last night was amazing. was amazing. Can't wait to see them again in Paris!!!!
Just imagine if this was the Cats,I've been watching ESPN for 20 mins and just bottom line is talkin bout it We would be On fox news
what's up!
thanks- that's nice to hear. I think the class'll be a lot of fun, but I'm a little biased.
NP !!!! Check out my New track "Brink of Success" on Reverb Nation, FB etc thanks for the support
:] yea! how about you?\
I love you and everything you stand for.
wow wow wow I meant chattanooga haha
Notice this ordinary girl today? Not much to notice be still notice me?
Good question!
yeah man theres just something wrong with Noah we gots to findout
Do u believe that the difficult times r temporary? Never make a permanent decision 2 temporary problems. It's called
Thanks, appreciate it!
Done trying to hang out with you anymore, if you wanna hang, okay but Im not asking anymore. #OverIt #Done !
This movie is bouta make me cry <U+E401>
"You lose your right to having an opinion when you enter management" -Cy Wakeman
#DearHair I love your shampoo!
sounds good, with a beer. :)
yea the one on ipod is marilyn though
RT : May the Fourth be with you, but more importantly what's for breakfast today?
yes with gym class heroes and the roots i believe... haha good luck with that! we can't even get igz in the office
On a bus in queens, NYC is so gritty wow
The ghetto is not a place ....... its a mindset!
BREAKING: One dead in #Chardon H.S. school shooting in NE Ohio.
When the green flag drops the bull shit stops!
Togo cups @ the bar. I love
That is all. </hornselftweeting>
Augie Garrido is the best coach you've never heard of- look him up...
Richard being childish.
Lost's final season begins tonight. I am SO excited!
Possible game changer in Vikings Stadium debate. Watch Sunrise to hear what city is adding its name to the site list.
some days i wanna ride through the mall, on a baby alpaca throwng waterballoons at people! consider that payback!
Haha! Okay, as long as you don't FaceTime me at 2 in the morning! Ha I NEED SOME #CUDDLETIME PRONTO!!! #<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
me! Just wish it wasn't at such a horrible time here! I have to wake up at like.. 3am.
Sick of trying to master work/life balance. Too many rules, too much guilt. Work-life integration is way better.
Part of me wants to be your roommate.
hehe me! D:
Woke up 2 hours later than i needed to... This days off to a good start. #stressing can I just crawl in that hole already?
Seski excited to bring big feet to stomp in Lane County playground tomorrow!
Thanks so much for your support. Your friends at
he also wears shirts with no sleeves and drinks beer from a cooler while sitting in a lawn chair in the driveway.
pretty good.
thanks..me too!
JUS TOLD that ill have to miss out a few weeks but once we get on that court together it will be over for others
Make It Nasty ~Tyga~
bored in school playa
Ok, just checking!! LOL. Those COA's are ALL B.S., if they're including one, it's usually a red flag.
I wish I was a pro a Spanish! It's all my moms fault. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Great time speaking last night at Univ. of West GA for King Day Celebration. The students, faculty and administrators were great.
your such a sweet heart <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Congratulations to Erbi Blanco-True from Great Florida Bank, winner of the 2012 AXA Businesswomen of the Year Corporate Award.
The Georgia game is gonna be a tight one
i wish you noticed me .. </3
Doesn't a 120oz table tap beer tower sound wonderful while sitting outside on our patio?!?!!!!!!
#GandB G your a hero!
People don't save money they didn't work for.....
Themes for tonights quiz: Nostaligic music, Things that start with "j", Things that are frothy, and more. See you at 8pm. Cuse at 7pm!!
Enjoy! Thanks again for the business.
I was born ready
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to learning more about your wines and olive oil!
I treat others the way they treat me... So if u think I'm an asshole... Imagine what I think of u
not at all if anything we r trying to recruiting freshman so we can teach u it will look good on ur college app :)
RT Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart. Phil Jackson
Haha I think I would almost be the happiest getting the Bryan Lee O'Malley vote.
when is your concert in MI?
Free business counseling is also available! Contact us 317-917-3266 or visit our office, Chase Tower 24th floor in the Develop Indy office.
#ThankYouThursday Thankful for new followers! to name a few... Looking forward to your #DoGood tweets
you forgot to say please, love. xx I will follow.
So is Brad Richards playing today?
Met Brad Adam once. Told him he was awesome & did a great job on the Pre & Post Game show. That's pretty much it, really. End of story.
the pleasures all mine.
sometimes working with producers, especially ones in high demand, can be a pain in the but!
Good Morning and Happy Monday to all from Lonestar Delivery & Process here in Houston, TX!! We're ready to serve YOU!! 877-527-5737
I have lots of planning to do!! =D
Today get a free medium drink with any purchase of a burger or dog and fries.
no that easy! why i think it shouldn't be allowed to be available in public libraries....
#Blessed to be around such good people
Get Classical Rose Bar event on May 6th will be hosted by WQRX's Terrnace McKnight!
when are you going out again ?
Your NM_Pella_Fella has changed email to and the mobile number has changed to (505) 225-5538.
I kept hearing he was really over the top, but I kinda wish he would've been more over the top.
whats up homie! It was really good seeing you last night, we need to make that happen again but this time on purpose lol
good practice and new songs on the plate so thats cool.
thanks so much! We work hard to try and be as creative as we possibly can :)
Impromptu drive home, excited to see the fam!
11,000 classrooms made of straw and Millett, the elements destroy the buildings and furniture.
I don't understand why girls put in so much effort to look cute at school. Who are you trying to impress?
please follow my new account ! i'll follow back!
I am only RTing things of general interest & to help people make connections. Make sure you check out #thatcampphilly & #thatcamp for more!
Most clicked items in last weeks newsletter 's article and What will the S&P downgrade do to housing.
is interviewing Director today to record a few words for tonight's cOMmunity screening
When is someone going to find the next batch of 'forgotten' 2Pac tracks?
Norfolk State
Me 3. My fractional Mohawk is not a rez pass. I respect by not appropriating.
I've observed student after student in the past two days walk away from a monitor exclaiming, "Didn't even finish the book!"
BANG BANG BANG! Bring it back/Come Rewind... BANG BANG BANG!
Paul Ryan: this is a state that will determine the pathway of this nation
It’s getting hot Vegas! Cool down with one of our shakes or malts!
"Deep in the meadow, under the willow. A bed of grass, a soft green pillow. Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes."
what does the Fyf in your name mean?
New to Long Island's youth: methamphetamine. It's cheaper than heroin, and may be the next drug of choice for those unable to get opiates
RT : No one should die because they can not afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. Agree? RT.
i love being woken up on a sunday at 8:30. so much fun.
Let's get to 100 today! Friends, please RT to help this #charity #event get more exposure in
I know the girls been on this, but Love On Top go hard
Had a great time at the #auto show this weekend at the Oregon Convention Center!
i get tired of ppl so fast
Last wknd to see 's Merchant of Venice. Get your pound now. #LAThtr and #ff them too.
RT RT : Google+ is like the gym. Everyone is a member, hardly anyone goes.
Broncos PR guru Jim Saccomano says hi and takes off. Peyton still here? "I don't know" he says.
That's the only thing I want right now....
you're near Lake Braddock right?
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. - Jim Rohn
thanks for following! I won't let you down!
There is a dude out here who sounds just like hank hill.
Screening sHELL Tonight see you there!
Nature is often hidden; sometimes overcome; seldom extinguished. - Sir Francis Bacon
When two people care about each other, they'll always look for a way to be together
Good Day Mates!
Space puppies on AmericanDad are so cute!
ur so absolutely gorgeous!
sign up with the link provided...it will save you some cash!
Virgin mobile has really done an impressive job w/youth homelessness.
My iPod is on shuffle but all it's deciding to play is ;D
BOOM! You just did.
#cwgchina China education tour, Yangling, Northwestern Agricultural Uni, significant center plant genomics research, 2 hours west of X'ian
Too funny Renegade!!
I appreciate your support so much! I'm really thinking about starting one now!
Blog ideas are everywhere. Write them down in a notebook and refer to it often.
wish we could, already have plans. might be around, not sure yet. Next week maybe?
Walking around in my cap. Shit.
You should check your DM's ^.^
what's good fam did you get to checkout that track I emailed to you
PSA: I really HATE TONNETTE BRITT (no relation). Tonnette is a fucking bitch who is a criminal and won't amount to shit. Disgrace to people
Once you have the title and the data, the paper virtually writes itself!
Your so sweet my tweeter!!! Lol
good luck with BLUE!! Onsat31712<3
What will you do today to encourage a young writer?
n NYC at PioPio..great restaurant..working on my time out..make sure you are taking yours..
Finally taking pics of life on the road. I second that pissing thing that said.
Easter is like Christmas for a #sweettooth Hope the dessert came out great.
In need of a perm ASAP.
somethings never change. funny thing is at the time hardly anyone knew what even fb was
Awesome! Thank you! No worries. What kind of event?
Will also be presenting "REST API with Zend Framework" at 9:00
Mo b*tch, get out the hay. - Cow
Favorite TV moment: "Women have all the power in sex." "That's why male prostitutes don't make house calls."
#Goodmorning everyone let's keep it going.
•Don't be a Woman who needs a Man.Be a Woman that every Man needs•
Since I feel like I haven't been on in a while.... #followspree Lol
I'm gettin closer and closer to reaching the top of the local charts on reverbnation then its off to conquering the global charts, Nati love
Love my ipad, any #slpeeps would, wish I could give one to all i know, enter the giveaways
My day has started
I'd be happy to - can you follow me so that I can DM you? Thanks so much!
“: Fill in the blank: "My favorite thing to grill is _______!" RT with your answer!” Brats and Kraut! Gotta represent WI!
To be honest, I doubt I have any REAL friends.
The weather is crappy but I like today. I think ima go watch the Katherine heigl movie later on.
Oh, political rumors have always been plentful in times of turmoil since the CR. Both Tiananmen I & II were like that.
I miss you too !!!
somehow I just found this message.Thanks for listening! I try to be objective which usually infuriates even more people!!!
Oh where those laker fans that were talkin that day lol
Tune into NFL Network right now for "NET10 Arena Football Friday!" New Orleans leads Jacksonville, 21-14, late in the second.
The question is not 'why do I so desperately want a cute cropped letterman's jacket?' The question is 'where do I find one?'
oh, LOVE tulips!
Amazing to see the economic optimism in Germany....and the growth.
This fight is OFF THE CHAIN!! #realshit!!!
Live your life your way. Not the way others live theirs.
Missed a great meeting tonight for
WASHINGTON (AP) 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington, New York City, North Carolina
Don't RT me , I ain't talk to you today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Louisville/Indiana fans: no one will ever investigate your recruits. NCAA only investigates top players.
brewers have one thing no one has. FIRST AND ONLY player to beat the system. Wins in my book.
hey ladies make sure to read your messages, and have a beautiful day!!!!
Checking out MyHabits.com, Amazon's new membership-only fashion focused deal event website.
love the 'apps for bibliophiles...' class being offered by ! Would you mind if we stole the idea? Thanks!
U don't have DM anymore?
Bucs lose 2 of 3 games to Cards, get outscored 18-9 & outhomered 6-0 over the weekend but remain percentage points ahead in 1st place! Wow!
ha Never got that one before.
im here in the hospital.. i was dancing and the nurse walked in.. now i have to be watched.. :(
— Congrats Ash!
Its better 2 tell me now wich one of u dmed him if u tell me now ill forgive u, but if i find out by myself ill ruin u here on twitter
You know girls in this hell hole need to have some self respect for them selfs like what the fuck
Thanks Amy Pohler for shouting out Upright Citizens Brigade at
Jealous! I would do what you do for free! Any openings in that pay bracket? ;-)
We're ready for #CommLab2012! Will we be seeing you there tomorrow?
My sister is taking Jayden to my aunts house ... They're expecting him
Thank you! Thanks for help with promo + lending us RT : Congrats on success of #SLS12!
Things Go Wrong | Michelle Gilders&#39; Photography
If Joshua Ledet doesn't win this thing, I don't even know anymore.
I no it's not official parade but 10or mote midgets in a line counts for a parade in my book
you know it(;
February 26th (Day 26) Breakfast Blue Machine Naked Juice, Luna Bar S'mores (Changed it up a bit this morning, went for the Naked...)
Is your next cd ready?! Let us help you. www.musicalstop.com
Events in New Jersey - New York Times
Going to see Marvels The Avengers soon because every other time is sold out lmaoo #excited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> :D
Pretty confident. Most people know better than to date me.
Yes, join us! :) RT : Definite obsession developing with
skating is the best cure to a hockey loss day. especially with your best bud from up north.
thank you so much! It's people like you that will get us there :)
#lastfridayof2011 equals signing of my new lease
HAHAHA Take a nap in the rooms
Would really like a meaty cock right about now...
T t t totally so.
I need to find a good twitter app bcuz #tweetcaster on my iPhone dnt give notifications n #echofon dnt have twitlonger smh
Creating animation for home pages
2 of felony counts: guilty for Amy Senser. Guilty of the misdemeanor count.
YOUR SONGWRITING IS AMAZING AND SO IS YOUR VOICE. Would love to get together and write sometime! Listening to your album now.
If I don't see one person , &&' hella worse !
Teachers call it cheating, but we call it teamwork. :)
Batsh*t crazy.\
goodnight jessica
that's not a good look.
Awesome opportunity to stretch!! RT : thank you! We are just getting started! Follow the action with #iwinroundtable :)
But if you don't win you can always use our website. It will save you time and help you get the scholarship money easier.
And if you don't like golf, you're smart. I'll have gray hair at 25 because of the stupid game. Still, something beautiful about it.
RT : #quote via : Can he who is not at peace himself bring peace unto others? Buddha
#Huguely sentenced to 25 years for 2nd degree murder charge. 1 for grand larceny.
My tea bag says: "To be calm is the highest achievement of the self"...that's probably why it is so hard to do
Hey hey eating mocha coffee ice cream and watching Shake it up wbu!?((:
• Hey it was nice to see you at the game. At first I was like HUH? because I didn't expect it. Guess we should'a went on Saturday.
Man I need someone to text I'm.not getting enough attention
What? Lorne never asked you to host? That sucks!
What said…
No twitter for a while. . .
Fellas let's do a lil more then just candy and flowers.
Got accepted into Murray State! :)
at least it's not too early
ha. C'mon man. The Denver Nuggets took them to a game 7
reading your bio makes me super jealous.
got the awesome #disney fantasyland postcard in the mail last night! It made my day!! :D
I was a moderator for a casting notice service where I doubled the membership to over 9,000 subscribers (advertising auditions, roles, etc)
We should get the trending, so that could help them win! ahah GO BULLS.
Have you seen the new movie? Watching it, I remembered how meta The Muppets are—explains a lot about my generation. :)
It is MORE than a true story. It's a true story that I get to write.
RT : Q2. Who controls a product's brand? #WGBiz [trick question LOL]
everyone dies, but not everyone lives.
yeah yeah :)
Again,after the convo last night,I am not so mean after all.If we are not involved anymore y would i talk to u.We cant be friends.never were
Someone bring me food at the hospital I havent eaten since 9:30 this morning =/
Nothing says "inefficient grocery transaction" more loudly than -- on either gender -- a gray ponytail.
Never apologize for Wilson Phillips.
Thanks! Composed it this week; glad you liked it.
Aw you got some on deck?
RT : Excited to watch baby sister and whoop up on OSU!
lol it's not like I'd do you niggas' laundry. like "WHO THE FUCK BLED ON STAGE LAST NIGHT!?" "EW WHY IS THERE WHITE STUFF"
a cheater is a liar…
Major Announcement coming soon!
Having trouble writing your blog content, turn off all distractions - Twitter, Facebook, etc. Or hire a content writer!
Looked up translated editions of Girondo on Amazon, only found one: a $999.98 (+ $3.99 shipping) copy of SCARECROW & OTHER ANOMALIES.
3 field goals and not one touchdown on the board! Unreal! I knew this game was going to be good! I love college football! #LSU vs
To everyone that hated seeing my winter break cut short, I hate that you're still in finals. Truly. Good luck!
“: Played golf at North Hills CC yest. hit every tree" - youd think the sap on my ball would mean I could hold a green
working on the weekend. :(
Lord open up the door
I can't believe it's already February!! Bring on the loving heart month! :)
next year is going to be pregnant as a freshman with Aids living of food stamps in a motel
"James' recent departure from the Cleveland Cavaliers to the Heat caused a lot of anger in the city." - Why bother reporting that?
yea y
Pinterest is being so slow!!!
God created Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve.. Are you for or against gay marriage? They need to legalize weed an get it over with.
What a busy morning for us! we delivered dumpsters in Bellaire to a home elevator installation and one to a home remodel site on Bunker Hill
Quite possibly the worst SNL ever
You feel this is a smart move?
to cop.for u?
this will require a diagram I think....
YAY!!! Can't wait to see you again in #Lexington Saturday!
Green grass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
If you can't attend #Twanksgiving you can still help! Text FOOD to 52000 to donate $10 to
It is not our place to ask why... there only is, or is not. Happy 55th birthday, dad, they took you too soon. RIP
#BrendyBarr Communications to manage local PR for Ringling Bros Circus and Disney on Ice. Great Job.
Soo y everyone in church tweeting
All just happen to be wearing #darkbluejeans aswell as all holding there iphones
i just saw this... legit you looked like him
why did this just make my day? <3
Who's in on #karaoke Thursday 7p!? #Aville Come sing after work! Shirley's here!
No Pulitzer for Fiction this year? Unnnnncool.
Hey how is it going my lovable cupcake maker best friend?
Its going DOWN THIS SUNDAY @ #SUBT 2011 w North Ave /for artist that wants to perform send stage name an contact to
Come join us tonight in the Roger lounge from 5-8pm for happy hour! Choose one or all of our $5.00 menu items. The bruschetta looks good!
Thank you, Brett, for making the smart decision. I really believe Favre would have regretted it in the future if he played for the Vikings.
Let me know when you're coming! I'll but you a great beer and we can watch fireworks from my balcony!
i will take you and buy your ticket! :)
Its hard for me to drink this Frappuccino rite now..
I think she has been living in London too long, picking up an accent.
I k ow
Channing Tatum, I fucking love you<3 Marry me?! Please.
Don't get me wrong - I think that the Gazans are brainwashed into accepting Hamas and should not choose to follow murderers
Okay going to watch my movie! Peace
And Buffalo draws first blood on a Jason Pominville wrister that sailed above Thomas' glove side.
Sam M of market joining food pioneers in Oregon dreaming up the ideal food hub Portland
Check out these bands/Corps
use my repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com because you love #maryjane and if you couldn't #smokeit you'd #eatit :D
I wonder how the new Criminal Minds spin off is going to be. The backdoor pilot last season wasn't horrible.
Clippers fans leaving the building. gonna be sick Sunday... Turn the tv off, turn on 92.9
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. -Helen Keller
Friendship should be a responsibility, never an opportunity.
CLEVERNESS LEVEL = MAXIMUM
Invisible?! I see you love.. <3
Monkees marathon & The Godfather Saga are giving my remote control a workout tonight ( and this morning).
I'm Hungry..
we got hacked
Thanks Twittersphere! Just reached 100 followers! Really wanting to say thanks for your support! Counting down to the
you never know what will happen
Glad the new Nike Packers jerseys did not change that much. Interview today and then more job searching.
There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way. -Christopher Morley
LOL baking babies Im sure thats illegal LOL; honestly when we married than Ill expect a male heir exactly 9months later
"The Lord is gracious, and full of compassion, slow to anger, and of great mercy." NIV Psalm 145:8
same here i cant stand my hair tie right now it hurts my head and gives me heaaches!!):
I'd rather feel pain than nothing at all
Anytime friend ;-)
that background is just too much
Such a long stressful day of doing absolutely nothing but napping and pasta-ing
And in this fashion I continued to learn to be an electrician
lmao ur dumb..idk if Justin bieber is going..
Work sucks ass can't wait to leave, call text me hockey Thursday.
Meet 3 PSU grads who are starting a mobile grocery store to help the underserved in PDX. See it @ 6:30 on KGW.
I kove the whole Manning famiy. Great job Eli.
Age is never a deterrent to brilliance or compassion. My teachers this week, Zig Ziglar at 83, Maggie at 8. Who are you listening to?
Sarah Palin hosting the & Wilson Phillips as the guest musical act -- I think I woke up in the Twilight Zone this morning.
My problem = I can't stay mad. I always end up forgiving people even if they don't deserve it.
everytime I look at her its like she walks in slow motion
Sounds like a worthy topic for today
Thrive lunch will be held at Hector’s Mexican Restaurant 1711 Schofield Avenue Weston @ 11:30am ! Hope to see you there!
Yea i go to cleveland state bt im out for the semester
that isn't reviewable? It was clearly still out of bounds
LOL!! Good one
The MATERIAL world is a manifestation of THOUGHTS and ENERGY
"There is therefore now no condemnation to those who r in Christ Jesus, who don't walk according to flesh, but according to Spirit." Rom 8:1
I COME ON TWITTER TO SPEAK TO MY FANS!x NOT TO SAY WHAT I HAD FOR DINNER LAST NIGHT!x
It's a Ben Handelman birthday!!! Thinking a little mexican sounds good tonight... ;)
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT !
You cant trust people these days!
people will say that until we lose. always do. they're just jealous of how well we are playing this year!
Can't believe Jermaine is getting kicked off
Ima landlord,he a tenant.
omg happy birthday U are so grown up love you
Sorry, only on Mondays. One week left...
It's official ... After watching the #Grammys I have to get false eyelashes
Trying to get that swag, huh?
Thanks for the follow on the New York Twitter list.
It sure is!
#prsun - Meeting at Joe's Place this p.m. with the PRSUN 10th anniversary committee. )
hey guess what, i don't care what chemical reactions occur in cheese making. i hate organic chem.
Despite the hockey game ending in an OT tie, #rit alumni events are so much fun. (Darn you, mercyhurst hockey team!)
SICK SEASON
The toilet paper at work keeps getting worse. So thin you can see through it. Where do they buy it? Never seen anything this cheap in stores
Highly recommend who rocked it for the HDS social media ambassadors club today! Many thanks Jay!
Blasting some
Green century is hosting Samsung 50 state ecycle event tomorrow Utah capital.. W.e-cycleUtah.com
#truthis im handsome, sexy & cute
u know I was just sassing off and I love ya :)
Jim Marker moulded Cheezies into a Canadian icon
: Recalls C of 1930s...future of that corps transcended the economics. Great foundation laid already w/ 142 corps across US
We now have secure login process with email verification. Now to make it pretty.
Sometimes I feel like if I didn't talk to people it would be easier to talk to people.
Dont Talk....THINK!!!! - Rick "Walking Dead"
I hope D Rose pulls some Willis Reed shit in game one of the conference finals! #justshowup knows what NBA History I speak
I Love Hoe You Said " The Guy" . Neat ^_^ lol
I can't believe its not even halloween yet and its snowing in NY O_o
hate and prosperity can NEVER mix...
I bet you still read it.
Haven't been a fan of AR since a writer queried me on self-published book said to be on their approved reading list.
A4 What works for one artist or in one venue may be distracting for another artist or venue. Know your audience!
What's your favorite thing about business travel? For me, it is the food. Nothing like foods you can't recognize and shouldn't ask about.
These hello kitty headphones >>
hey people
Padgett Powell's most recent novel, The Interrogative Mood, is composed entirely of questions. Would you believe it is his birthday?
Though I am always in haste, I am never in a hurry. -John Wesley
not you sam! U and are mad chill
Sup Miss Nae, how goes it? Hope all is going well.
hey follow back i need more followers
#Actors - Jason Wood casting 14 roles for The Protector. Download Actsophia on your iPhone and use the Projects Casting feature for details.
Awww thanks S.S.
Not necessarily. But you do realize that while insulting me you're providing me with entertainment?
We're honoring Mom this week w/ 20% OFF all Regular Priced Women's Apparel online & in store!
Not that the Tigers aren't capable of coming back in this game, but there's really no way in hell this game should be where it is.
Look at getting all
Sleeping in my brothers room tonight bc i can .
I just RSVPed to the #SpaceGeeks tweetup. Wanna carpool?
Can't read my, can't read my, no he can't read my Poker Face.
Just found out Caterpillar is piloting retail apparel stores
for iPhone better than Pulse News? I think so.
Expect the unexpected from me
Wtf I hate traffic
Si think I may try it ha.
#Tonight #theplacetobe is inside the for the reunion party. 10pm DON'T MISS IT!
taking care of business =) summer tour, here we come
My stomach has been killing me for days and I can't afford to see a doctor.
POTUS acknowledges that both parties are to blame right now. But will anything change?
Re-learned a valuable lesson in the benefits of BodyGlide this morning.
Tip of the day. @ replies with just a link are typically spam, please don't click spam just delete it. Not sure?? Ask us. ^jl
Yes really
"You don't sell the steak, you sell the sizzle" - Cosmo Kramer
Nice man! Awesome school. Always wanted to go there.
ok im a do it now
If u love hip hop this is where u shoud be tonight.A Tribute 2 J Dilla 2night at Hidden House w/ !no cover all night!
Just checking in....did everyone have a good Mother's Day?
If you get this, get on skype!
I know right. Ima wear it at Vidcon!
Don't get caught with your roof down. Look before you leak!
<U+200E>#MarryTheGaga is trending! I would Marry all of you in a heartbeat. Sometimes I wear a monster paw ring on my wedding finger. Yours 4 life!
Oh btw world. Hair? Yep, in one hour it'll all be gone.
Your "Goodnight" text make you worth dreaming about.
can't wait for this year! I have a good feeling! (every year I do haha)
Saturday will be a big day!!! 9-picks in the 4th-7th rounds. Where Ted Thompson makes his money!! Love that GM!!
she was always talking about her Mexican husband.
every smile I have is genuine.
is getting her blond on at the N Salon right now, can't wait to see it!
Omg. Earthquake in crystal city
This debate can (so far) can be summarized as two rich guys who want to talk about everyone's money but their own.
They adjusted some of the newer content, fixed a few JA recast times and added a few new items. Good patch overall.
I want to travel somewhere during the summer.
MT Tx for the clarification: "universal commerce" catch-all for e-, mobile , tablet commerce
Imdoing my math homework
Finally done with finals. If anyone needs me I'll be sleeping for three days.
im gonna go to sleep before he tell you night everyone
need to get me in the studio I'm dying over here
you and come visit me
I just want to go home.
is within.
she got the best p**** in the city and when she cum be like figi!
yo, so did u have to have the talk or what? Didn't get slapped up while u were sleeping did u? Haha
I just read my own profile page and realized I'm lame as can be. Smh
get yo' calendar out --we must have a date by the end of march!!!
watching last week episode of the lying game....need to catch up with a lot of shows :(
Wishing everyone a safe and happy New Year!
would you like a side of epic with that fail? #loser!
RT : We have the best fans! #MoparOrNoCar! Love these #MoparChats!
I am with you.
Guy told me I have an identical swing to Dustin Johnson....I'll take it
Got the weeks worth of grocery shopping done by 8 am on Monday- guess this is gonna be a week where I get a ton accomplished!
Haha! RT : I'm eating humble pie right now lol
Awesome to see , and at Teaching Against the Odds. Let's organize! #Solidarity with Chicago!
#that1friend who is always the quickest and loudest to yell shotgun but is the quietest whenever we get anywhere near a gas station...
your reward is unlimited free blood pressure testing and all the valium you can eat
Rob: "If I was a robot and I got stuck to a giant magnet and couldn't get away, would you try to save me? "Me: "yes." Rob: "Thank you, mom."
Faith is being certain of what we hope for and sure of what we don't see
My first celebrity follower!!
I like iCarly
I love that NSO is performing Sibelius so much his music is moving and brilliant. Thanks
Gay and racially insensitive.
USATF names marketing guru Siegel as CEO
I'm really protective about my family.
Secret services but we have no tinted windows i love this no one will find out i love apperances
I'm so pissed! Missed a picture opportunity with Antoine Dobson watching himself in the bed intruder video. He is the coolest dude.
lol I know when to hold em and I know when to fold em!!!
Haha, I have no idea. I did see a student in a QR code shirt yesterday, but thought it would be inappropriate to scan it! :-)
19 drivers busted today in San Diego for illegal use of disabled placards. DMV says they face big fines, possible jail time.
hey girl how are you, why wernt you at school today <3 ya
thanks Jules!! Xo
can we go2 CANADA this summma
I'll pretend I didn't read that because I have such a girl crush on her! hah
I wouldn't mind Charles or Chuck, but please, not Chaz!
- for the record, I did speakerbutt in 2009, but yrs are better & bigger.
do you have any scheduled performances coming up?(:
I vote values! Do you? May 8 is your chance! Thx for yr work in NC!
Presenter: Don't ask for $. better way to engage people is ask "do you see yourself getting involved in any way."
It's much easier to understand what you meant when you tweeted it
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then areas of low clouds and fog. Lows 55 to 60. Light winds.
Happy Hour Green Monkey style is tonight! Hope you'll join Meredith at her 6pm class followed by specials & tasty treats at Salumeria!
Thank you president for noting desire to include Reynolda House fine art in campaign.
WTF THERE'S A SPIDER IN MY REARVIEW MIRROR TOO!
Today I am better than I was the day before because I learned something new! Today I will learn something new so I am better than the day b…
Do you have a business email or personal that you could DM us? Thanks!
Why do people insist on being assholes to other people really?! #loveeverybody <---- my motto
OK Im Gonna write The Best AKWARD MOMENTS.!
I believe u smdh :-)
Can't take much more of Nellie on #theOffice. It's getting hard to watch. If she's back next season I won't be.
you gettin me mad. stop calling me fake b/c you know im the realest friend you got.
I may have said I liked Drake's album, but none of these new rappers have ANYTHING on Wu-Tang
Welcome to "post racial" America. Meanwhile Negroes just keep playing on their X-Boxes.
Gonna take a nap! See Yahh!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Looking for grown-up Halloween festivities? Come to The Bakken's MONSTER MASH on October 28th. More info: www.thebakken.org/monstermash.html
Home stretch!
No... that's in November :) Stryper!!! I'm going to rock with the Jesus LOL
Just watched a star trek movie. but who is norman? and why are we following him?
First Western rehersal today! <U+2764>
Thanks Greg. Hope you had a great weekend.
Washed By The Water might be the best song ever created.
#aam10 search results incomplete Found this gem tho: "MuseumTrekker RT : collaboration with other institutions is key theme"
it's cool to pre-game before happy hour right?
New york city could not be any better. I simply love being there.
Practicing in Dupont Circle today. Also preparing for an upgrade to our Xray capability with Kodak. Very exciting to provide the newest tech
Then he started asking for an ashtray! 6 times he asked! Then this fam walked in sat down and this guy thought Dad was talkin bout his girl>
If need business insurance call me, I would love to talk to you!!!
Twisting Thursday night at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. from 5:30-8:30 Pm. Kids meals only $2.95! Come in and Visit!
Took the boy for 1st swim. No tears at all. I call that a win.
Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner...
Loll hahaha I didn't mean it like that so chill loll
This aint to regular season! Were comin for it. Once you fall alseep on the #Blazers, we come back in the forth quarter!
Thank you so much for following me
Be sure to watch. We're right by the band, second row on the end!
The sinuses are doing funky things today. Glad there are plenty of leftovers in the fridge for supper. Hint, hint
u have to follow me first, u can't direct message people who don't follow u.
So fuck you I'm not going now.
Free, fun, safe, & #green ride for evening entertainment & events in Downtown #Austin. The most memorable, cost-effective #marketing option!
We love all the support! We are excited for the Grand Opening of coming in October!
eating ice cream and watchin a movie! =) always relaxing!
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning. – Benjamin Franklin
see the convo thread
need some brah run good so that i can cash in the Larry Open. Can you summon some for me?
Less than an hour for the #Rangers ALCS game 4 to start! Do you think today's game is a must win for the #Rangers?
So happy I got a mani and pedi today <3
I asked my secret cabal of advisors; said "align with schools that radiate cotton candy and sublimate love."
Anyone know if is serving bubble tea yet?
Bakersfield has come out sharp in the Q4, outscoring Sioux Falls 10-4 in the first couple of minutes, SIF lead just four points now (81-77)
Kicking off #PCUS day 2 at Looking forward to a wide range of #4profit discussions inc. mobile, retention, & student success!
Fuck Bitches ... Get Money .. MISSION COMPLETE
And for the first time, the #Oscars only runs 10 minutes late.
Tonight's talk will focus on American pop culture (with the noticeable exception of Emma Peel.)
Battle of the Harbaughs with the Super Bowl on the line?
Kat, you always know how to give me a proper star fucking!
“When friends tell you how awesome you look, drop the "I still have more to go" crap. You worked hard and you deserve the compliment!”
ignoring existential and ontological questions, 100% agree. HuffPo deserves credit for their sleazy/helpful SEO efforts on this!
"I bet this drink costs 1500 dollars."
Used to take the bus now the boi boards jets
We Welcome to my life on this friday morning :( ....
can I still expect to see you guys next weekend at Texas Frightmare?
#RejectedPickupLines Do you have a boyfriend? [No] Want one? [Yes] Well,when you want a MANfriend, come and talk to me.
How many apples are in one apple seed?
RT Oh snap! just broke the news to the #mozinar crowd that we're launching social monitoring. The beta invite will open up soon!
Morning <U+2764> school time
Yes, apt adjective - did Ira do his Mick Jagger on drums impression again? That was a highlight & Gravel Pit cover!
Dennis Martin~ Its the Brady Act taking manpower and crime-fighting capability off the streets.
When I ask someone to help wingman and they end up flirting a making moves on the girl I asked to have help with.
clearly that is false
Hi I'm graduating in like 3hrssss
what's up!
Girl!!! I have 'purchased' so many Red Box flicks!
Is rimming the new 69?
you're an inspiration idol and all around badass!
Hincapie: #287g allows local law enforcement officers to become effectively deputized as #ICE agents
Just went into JS Ltd. and asked for chalk to fix their board outside from "pre-fixed" to "prix-fixe."
Sonoma County, CA: Our episode "Changing the Game" is on KRCV #TV 22 tonight at 11:00pm. Tune in!
Every fan of #thevoice is saying who the F are Darly Hall and John Oates.
happy birthday!!
Last 3 days of initial coaching engagement w/ client. They have SO many questions!
thanks, that's the sort of literal-mindedness we encourage in our readers.
HEY! Two of those kids were mine! I think I deserve some of the credit!!!! Loved it!
These car dealership so. Jank... Raised dey prices cuz its tax time n financial aid time
Professor - you were just talking about the ILB market. Will Lofton land in NO or can the #Seahawks make a push there?
Season's Tweetings: Some people look good in a Santa hat. Notice the word “you” is not in that sentence.
If you dare not following me, I can't reply to the offer U just tweeted me about #Text set up
do you know where this speech was given?
yea yea the NY hatred just ticks me off can't deny I'm gonna listen next week
« « Deep conversations >»»
Tears are words the heart can't express
i know its been a while!! definatly!! :)
lmfao. Yes i do
The more you work now to get incredible at your craft, the more goals you'll achieve quicker. You'll also stay on top longer!
Damn! Haven't heard this song in forever "Can't be friends - trey songz
Wayne Shorter.
PLEASE DONT LEAVE ME):
PEOPLE SAY AFTER 30 U SHOULD GIVE UP RAPPING DONTBELIVEDATBULLSHIT HELL WHEN CAME THE GAME HE WAS 31
i paid $8 for that muhfkh i dont like to waste my $ so ill prob smoke it all..... price of cancer $8
“My mama always used 2 tell me some friends R just strangers under the shade in due time best friends will become strangers it was written."
lol thought you meant bloody actually, british style
His performances on were electric. See live in our studio & hear his new single
Check out The Little Things Video and PLEASE RT it! #VO #voiceover #voice over
Need something picked up or delivered. Call 312-666-6800 and get a quote.
Watching episode of Family Guy where Peter has kidney failure from drinking red bull and a commercial comes on for red bull. Is this irony?
Lamborghini mercy. Your chick, she so thirsty.
Yeah, it's going to be really confusing.
I've got a friend looking at it today!
Looking for the perfect for my daughter at #StyleX #stylexlulus help me please
LeBron woulda ran him outta town RT Mike Brown benching Laker every game; where was tough love approach few yrs ago (in CLE)?
Thank you for the RT and your continued support of & Hope you have a wonderful holiday!
: I don't like drama. I like to stay care-free and enjoy my life."
Young love is a flame; very pretty, often very hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. The love of the older and disciplined
Love Palisade. We go to Wine Fest there every year. Look forward to checking out your story more!
If, for any reason I am having a bad day, I can always escape my worries for a while when I'm out with my camera. How about you?
I'll get their info not sure who's managing him
Happy groundhog day to all the groundhogs out there!
Welcome back Now let's win this election.
Chester just bet $2000 on in the Weight Loss Competition.
no problem - those were some wild statistics!
& will 1 of you plsplsplsplsplsplsplsplsplspls follow me pls i hav asked so many times:'(
Nothing better than having a good riding lesson.
Simple sugars are okay to have during and after workouts because they get broken down faster.
my pleasure
Do not feel lonely, the entire universe is inside you.
There are always haters. Comes with the territory. ;)
maybe it will grow on you. Wishful thinking right?
Lucky you--I have wanted to see them for years...Have a good time--hope it is a great show!
text me so I can save ur #
I know is going to kill it tonight. One of my all time favs
OMG I MISS YOU TOO!
See y'all in the A.M ya hurd
So how much do you love me!? I have so much make up work and if you would let me copy all the bio I missed you'd be a hero!<U+2764>
The sun is shining and the beer is brewing, stop by and smell the hops!
I almost put that on Facebook
Seriously, I just love film festivals.
A Pinkberry parfait makes a great light lunch! Orginal and Peach....with strawberries, blueberries and gra-#nola! #YUM!!
Twitter deleted like 40 of my tweets smh
I didn't like him much as a President, but Oprah's interview is making it hard not to like George W. Bush.
fuck Brooklyn an fuck the brooklyn cowboys.
you better quote thT Mary mary... Man that song has gotten me through some tough stuff!
My boyfriend is adorable.
still having a ton of fun at the #ereexpo.. can I get a woot woot!
you shud do dinner with padma and all the money you get could go to a foundation...I would love to have dinner with you.
as long as it comes w a side of chocolate milk!
bout to call it a night got a full day ahead of me tommorrow
PENTAX K-01 Interchangeable Lens Camera Receives Red Dot Design Award
Of course I will (:
We could keep going back and forth about this but the 140 character limit is just annoying me at this point. I get ya, though.
Had fun on the social stream with austin<3
Congrats - big news.
There are two types of metal music: painfully awful and orgasmic.
A lot of people wonder how the sex is with me and my white boy I just tell them to go fuck a white guy or girl and find out lol
i HATE hearing people grind their teeth!!
i sit back and laugh at you hoes i dont waste my time getting mad just crack that devil smile...#;)
Alas, when I hate my writing, it's always my writing I hate.
oh wow.. Ok well goodnight!
whenever you get out of W.Sea, we wld love 2 meet you @ our cafe. We hear great things you do 4 our West Seattle neighbors
Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible in us be found.
Pair programming, We'll figure it out. I think it's an environment variable we have to sort out
f that. for NYT CEO.
i take what i said back now LOL
Can you PLEASE wish good luck at her cheer competition on sunday?! IT WOULD MEAN THE WORRLDDDD <3 PLEASE Z
Damn. Well that's some fuxked up ish
Some peoples tweets are OUT THERE..... If ya know what i mean.
Ha ha are you mad?? RT : My sister "chills" wit her Hand in her pants holdin her vagina
Waiting for my bestfriend, , in the locker room ;)
I never stopped believing
A3: trusting is like walking in the dark, holding someones hand..we fear the darkness or losing our hold
you dumb
Need a friend? Text me. Need a laugh? Call me. Need money? This number is no longer in service.
I can see why some1 thought it MIGHT be catchy & fitting... but some1 else should have stopped the follow-thru
Hope that's a #ZingZang mix!! Either way, cheers!!
#entertainment Easter egg hunting with my boys. Candies ever more!
Last day of a very stressful 5 week project. I have never experienced anything like this. Its ok though, I see the light at the other end!
Happy Earth Day!
oh, always my fault.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
You are my sugar rush, my cocaine bliss, my illegal high, my perfect kiss. You're an addiction that I always fail to resist.
I have learned to be content in whatever circumstances I am in.
Watching The Last Station and falling in love with Mr. McAvoy all over again.
yeah I still got it, you got mine? You better roll up to bscc this summer a lot, we such a great staff working there.. haha
Where they belong. In the land of ignorance with grills and air force 1s RT : Multi-colored durags.
thinks that beer makes you feel the way you ought to feel without beer
Loved the idea but missed the mark. Pretty but illusion lace placement flattened her chest.
i know all your statues are about me, so stop or i'll make you miserable :)
RT RT : The conference this year in NOLA is going to be full of productivity & fun. Are you going?
I'm very pleased to announce that the incredible Jon Auer will be joining us for Radiohead! Three words: Fake. Plastic. Trees.
from da song! girl says what that !!
The first 4 to follow my other account I'll follow back! Please follow <3
Your tweet stream this morning is inspiring me to go out and cat 6 some people on my steel 12 speed.
That 70's show :)
works for me
Didn't originally plan on seeing The Black Keys tomorrow. But seeing as how I'm missing both the Avett Bros and JTR, think Ill check it out
promotion, they really didn't tweet. Conference attendees were the ones tweeting. 2/2
#fact every native girl I hang out with, I make out with and nothing else happens #amiabadkisser ? lol
im always wondering what she doing,i aint get to hang wit her today but i kicked it wit my niggahs
This is the best performance of the night so far
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
oh yeh. Melo pretty close to us. We're gonna win this game.
2011 fades-Long corporate career ends. New goals for 2012. Will give my all to transition to stage performer. Encouragement appreciated!
Shrimp suquet blowing my mind. I need to bathe in this!
me too! I own a magic bullet, pancake puff pan, and that brownie pan where they're all edges.
"fame!" this song is stuck in my head. thanks :) btw love your senior solo
Yeesh. Why do I let it suck me in, time after time?!? So many snarky things to say! Oh ... yeah ...
Watching True Lies!!
Handmade cards from your kids are the BEST presents a mom ever gets. I am so blessed to have such a wonderful daughter!
"Have you seen that Criagslist guy again?" - This is my life hahaha fuckk
Gonna try & sleep with this horrible sore throat.
We gunna be partying it up this weekend!!!(:
#mobprocconf collateral surveillance and power asymmetry (referencing licoppe)
Hi good to see you're on twitter
ok i followed her LOL
Not a fan of the last song... typical story line.. and damn she's annoying lol
That's right!
If anyone has instagram you should follow me! Mine's liveeittup(:
#syep $17/hr to start w/health if you pass A+ #exam and 2mos
Follow me plzz
-Keep waiting on you to come through the door!
Do libraries have a right to lend e-books? Seems like a tough argument to make.
Me & many others... rightfully so don't u think? Ideal and reality is two different thing. We need to be smart.
Kurt killed it! Rachel is nervous haha
not clear, Walker endorsement?
Wow, that smoothie disappeared fast.
#ICantGoADayWithout Going to the gym thank god it's open today.
Sick boy forever, that suburban illuminati
Hahaha, well we all did it at one point or another...
another printout pickup.
If I got paid for training games, the world would be a better place
Cent FL rocking w/ races- Go , Celebrated John Glenn's orbit 50 yrs ago @ Kenn Space Ctr. Nasa-Nascar awesome combo!
Warning to Obama Administration:Israel is America's one true ally in the Middle East. DO NOT SCREW WITH ISRAEL!
Shxt always happen b4 my bday ugh.
If you're in the Queens Brooklyn area (NY) come see We Are Defiance tonight Vibe Lounge!!!! :60 North Park Avenue Rockville Centre, NY
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom in the universe.<3 thank you for always being there.
Tim's teapot? in PA idr the name but it's someone's teapot haha
appreciate the time tonight you killed it with the ball story
watching women fight over men on #jerryspringer. my male ego loves it! my manhood mourns 4 our community esp those women & their children!
RT : My iPad has arrived in Anchorage.
Sad to be leaving NM, but I desperately need some sleep.
My Hanukkah prayers have been answered- I got a keurig!!
76 westbound, ya fucks! The lawrence arms are playing in cleveland. Party all the way.
did obama say it with the hashtag, or was that your editorial discretion?
"say yolo one more time..."
You're a son of a bitch
Another panel on the dome was ruptured. This time it was on purpose.
First person to purchase an ounce today get an 1/8 for free. Simply mention facebook.
Ugh I kind of don't feel like traveling to Stamford, but if all goes well I'll be practically living in Stamford this summer *prays*
Seeing #planetoftheapes with Papa Dukes. Who's seen it already? Any good?
The Real-Life Ukrainian Barbie Doll | ABC News Blogs - Yahoo ...
Off to a #norsled dog adoption fair
We leave in 3 days! Follow , , , , , & for the whole story.
Four Burgers in central sq has some really good burgers
When covering a story where someone DIED maybe you don't start a tweet w "good morning everyone" or something similar. Families are watching
The end is near.....Summer break!
it's cool. I'll be doing HW in the computer lab 'til then. Lemme know.
#AskRyan what is your favorite spongebob character? ;)
RT Twinkle Twinkle Little Snitch , Mind Your Own Business You Nosey Bitch
Thought for the day: "The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions." - William F. Scholavino
We'll see how it turns out, Tom. When the butterflies flutter and the words flow, I'm always surprised when I read it later.
Thanks for the mention. Wish you were in town for it too!
Somewhere Helen Lovejoy is shrieking, "WON'T SOMEONE PLEASE THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!?"
man..i need glasses.. :p i swear im going blind.
you think alshon is regretting going pro at the moment?
Keeping the #energy and #spirit up, for that after work gym run lol
Sounds delicious!!! Looking forward to having one of your ruebens when I see you on Thursday.
isn't that what twitter is for? Hating on lmfao and Kentucky?
that moment when everyone stops laughing and all you hear is me..
Thank you! RT ": Anytime, I enjoy your twitter feed!"
looks like we have a case of the Tuesday's over here!!!
Come talk to us!
did you figure it out?
We trippy mane
I hear that one. I get to go back sometime to get my makeshift diploma lol
them bitches smackin
Camera+ or iPhoto
I considered it a win if the #Jets could score another point at this point. At the end of the day, it is a split series.
": When a none factor becomes a problem they lose the none about them"shut the hell up
Huge THANKS of BaileyHIll Media for agreeing to donate website development services to the Xstream Makeover!
I agree. But does this mean efficiency in prepping? Lecturing/conveying/constructing information? Efficiency in learning?
Obama takes medication for his hip and for keeping his cock hard he can't work that cock anymore
*laughs* maybe he is
Adele is the best! I love her!
If Venice beach and mardi gras had a baby it would be
Tells us where and what you ate this weekend in 140 C. or less and we will post it on our blog! Send it in a direct message!!
Come by the Farm & say hi to your fellow farmers! Don't forget our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry!
Anyone else catch this from CFM re: innovation? "There seemed to be a tendency for proposals to originate in the education depts."
": wah, your tweets are so depressing! p;" I'm sorry. D; lol
Just had dinner at eddies moms house. Shredded turkey on Cuban bread with black beans and ride. #poopytime!
But cutting a degree program like CS that so clearly benefits students is shameful, regardless.
If Dunkin' Donuts stopped serving coffee the world would eventually become less philistine.
birthday suit PE's
what was it like working with the cast and especially Tyler?
California, chante, you stay.
"If you are looking to combine tried and true Sales Training with state of the art Social Media integration, Ron Nash is your guy. Ron's Li…
It's social media official: I get my back in just a couple weeks. Sorry for your loss, DC but her talents are needed in KC.
Humpal gets key strikeout. One out, bases still loaded.
“: Off to a London Alopecia Support Group meeting. It's my first one so I'm a bit nervous.” Enjoy it gorgeous!
Morrissey should really shut up. He's just not that relevant anymore.
“: Really don't know what to say about halftime ceremony. Incredibly surprised by the booing of Lacob.” cc:
How You Gona Ride A Bike , But You Saggin Tho ?
hey call me around ,7
Go die. I hate you.
whatever ! Lol I forgot how open you were to answering questions <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Gross! RT Trying to remember the last time I had hot chocolate- and wishing I had some in the house.
If The Game Aint Money Then I Aint Playing...
"bread delivery" #standby ;) rt “: Whats going on today? Tents and security...”
fabulous! Look forward to hearing about it when you get back.
I think Stella Adler would say, "Humility is not your strength."
Think I found the offending tweet: "If you have to say "for people who don't know" twice in one minute, it's not good radio." I stand by it.
I've never had a bb so I can't compare but I LOVE my iPhone!!
alright thanks you?? :P
We'll be playing whatever kellie wants off the new CD! It's gonna be a party!!
It looks crazy intense! Thanks for sharing :)
Glad you survived, dude. Get that gas during the daylight next time!
#Saints DE Will Smith, other suspended players, appeal to
We're looking forward to tomorrow's performance.
who kissed me?
We get our keys to our new place tomorrow and we get to move in! So excited!:-)
A GSA Schedule provides for a streamlined, pre priced, pre negotiated contract
omg! You have 11 followers!!! :) haha
Hey #fxbg - CVL is getting ready for an incredible summer! Which shows will we see you at?
:( We'll try to find one for you.
Cloud lockers and streaming is key but the next big thing in music discovery and consumption is going to be social. Rdio is on to something.
Very proud of the #Giants today. 15 and1, 18 and 0? Doesnt matter they'll beat you when it counts
I'd give anything for there not to be school tomorrow .
i get home from the gym all sweaty and gross, and john bernthal from #thewalkingdead is sitting in my living room. WTF
Actors will rely on the others in the exercise, their own spontaneous emotional reactions to the exercise and responding behavior....
If someone brought me ice cream tomorrow before work, id probably die of happiness
Heh, good to know it's not a total bomb...kinda want to check it out myself.
even if we lose the golf tournament we'll win most intoxicated
RT : Advice from : Be naive. From : Be childlike. From Steve: Stay foolish. From me: Play more video games.
im so sorry about angel</3
annual report... AT THE PRINTER!!!! who wants to celebrate?!? ME!!!
South Park Niggy
im not scared giubs im not scared
Yay! I'm glad to hear you liked that show, Justin! The whole Theban trio is on my #intriguedby #indystage list. :)
"that looks like all ball." #DALatUTA Does such a thing as neutral court announcers exist?
Crazy excited about seeing one of my favorite Leonard Bernstein operettas (Candide) tonight at the Life is happiness indeed.
Stop--study time
thx Susan! Happy Derby to you!
haha yeah doe!
Another suicide squeeze. Nice!
There's no mystical energy field that controls my pants
What do you guys think? RT : It's Book Lover's Day! What are your favorite #adoption and/or #fostercare books?
U2?! :) FB is doing something right...
Just had a lady at SFO tell me I had to put my laptop in my bag to get in the security line...only to have to take it out in security. Eh??
friend w/bipolar- manic epis his eyes looKed black, he'd preach absalute nonsense. It was server. Nice 2get B1/B2 clarified talk?
OMG #Spartacus Season Finale!!!
trust me girl you'll be begging for the SVC lesson plans back
My Big Fat #GypsyWedding is a crazy show.
lmfaooooooooooo i love you
Running through Schenley with is a test of survival
They looked liketall factory chimneys, for the flame had completely hollowed themout their whole length
RT : Near perfect night! #Rockies win, saw &amp; talked to &amp; (who were freakin amazingly ni ...
Yes i do jow do u think i chadr down the ice creamyruck RT : wait, you have workout sneakers?
Thanks for the follow Joseph. Look forward to your content.
Congrats to and whole crew on #MiddleOfNowhere I hear you got picked up!
I will cherish it haha
Booked the International Beauty Show for Monday & Tuesday #Yes! :D
True. No one really knew them here. I developed a crush on the one with the fake Jamaican accent so...I know. ;)
so do you call her a wocock or a peaman?
back from work,at parents house,in bed for sleep
The Morgan Hotel seaside, great choice. woke up 2 sound of waves crashing on the shore
Subconsciously you may just not want 2 use yr energy on the inevitable admin minutia. Your head telling U 2 find a diff focus.
um ok then
Screw it ... I'll join you.
Traffic has not moved at all for at least 20 minutes.....
I'm just so happy!
Basketball tourney starts tomorrow!! Lets go team.
": My thighs are sore"oh my....
Dark socks and polished shoes on men, classic shoes and neutral stockings on women are essential for any successful job interview.
So I talked to my tax consultant and let's just say for what I spent on drinking out in 2011, I coulda bought the original General Lee
I feel y a - are you going to the + Kanon Vodka party tonight?
RT : Today in 1962, Brian Epstein became The Beatles manager. His first directives: "Get haircuts and no more leather jackets"
TRAFFIC update: WB Belt @ Gammon Rd. Semi rollover, blocking the left lane. Backups: 1.5 mi
Today I talked to a girl who told she was bullied so bad she had to be home schooled nobody deserves that
Started Cycle with at 9:01 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
Patio open, happy hour now till 9pm, late night happy hour @ 9pm. Mucho much things happening and we getting down tonight at the PUB! Xeers
lol. why u yelling?
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Most ridiculous support ticket: someone wrote in a two paragraph rant agains the use of the word "Howdy…
Sorry to hear that! We’ll definitely consider adding more Zipcars and or new locations in Federal Hill. Thanks for the suggestion!
#FF OR NINJAS WILL ATTACK!
Here it comes again
God has blessed me with so much in my life! Great parents, school, friends, my girl , and most of all his love and grace!
Please follow me???(:
lol I'm a cool kid. :D but it wasn't the same bc I'm a girl merp :/
Hello, all! I'm the founder of - a new Chicago-based app that gives you cash back & donates to charity on every purchase!
<U+044F><U+0454><U+0442><U+03C9><U+0454><U+0454><U+0442> if you made your Twitter in 2010 or 2011 (Follo<U+03C9> me and get 50 new followers)!!
RT : Yay for 1300. Hubby and I adore you.
I love waking up and freaking out that you're late for school and realizing its saturday
fleetwood Mac top ten band of all time! The drums on that song: EPIC
Watching "why planes crash" is terribly freaky
Great tweeting with you!
tell us about your potato salad. i've been charged with making the potato salad, too.
Yes. :) As a friend told me, it's impossible to see your own light as other people see it.
Most of the time it really ain't what a person think......
yeah thats whats up no rush
i had the craziest dreams about what we talked about :( i'll go to the gym at the same time as you tomorrow
I think it will be very interesting. I can only imagine we'll be there.
Wow I wish I could go back to sleep.
ActorStuff: play your character without falter, from your soul.
at is on location in Miami. What a sexy city!
Arcade Bowling requires zen concentration and a sensual relationship with your iphone.
Happy birthday to you! Hope the duck was outstanding.
"What The Teacher Is, Is More Important Than What He Teaches."
the JPA 5k is one month from TODAY! Register now at www.juvenile.org!
Blue: Even if you say you regret me / you cannot regret me and I cannot say so.
The Quietus | Features | Strange World Of... | Field Day 2012: Tim ...
Wow another video of you and your crew rolling around the city like you own the place.
Someone needs to explain to me how he managed to get a job as broadcaster...
Gorgeous sunny day outside! Hard to believe its only 46 degrees out and will only get to 60 today.
Drinking a Mammoth hefeweizen, excited to plant the vegetable seeds I bought today.
I bet West Bend Mutual Insurance loves that
Yes you will! Sending positive vibes your way
@ online fundraising seminar
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday! Today's menu includes Sinebrychoff Porter and a Mikkeller Beer Geek Breakfast
what is going on in Central Florida? 3G and 4G aren't working???
If using brain power burned calories I'd look like Kate Moss... It's still sore from all that thinking yesterday
whoops i open my big mouth again :/
Going shopping :) Video comimg out soon
Andersons suit is god awful.
": Confirmed: Mercedes Lewis for 3rd Annual Alex Thomas Celeb Golf Classic July 9 "
With about two hours of sleep I have to get up to go to church.
"Buyer & Seller - That's what makes a market. No Buyer - No Market / No Seller - No Market." - Maria Bartiromo, CNBC
so excited I joined today!
Staying with Victoria tonight. No tellin what we about to get into! (;
shyt like do i still b talkn to u wen da last time i seen u how u doin shyt like dat
I like what said on FB y'day: Don't repudiate NC. Go, visit, patronize LGBTQI businesses. Hit the haters in their pocketbooks.
Don't know when or where, but once again I made it home!! BIG!!
#levilowrey is getting close! use your superstar powers to get people helping out sharing the #levilowrey love!! #sonialeigh!
A women's right to vote is just 100 years old in Oregon, A preview of a new exhibit in PDX Live on KGW.
Being a father helps me be more responsible... you see more things than you've ever seen.
thanks for RT
how was your day? :)
: ah I'm skyping with stephen and just said I haven't skyped with you in ever!
love is just a four letter word that crushes you when you fall deep into it
Watching "The Captains" on Netflix streaming. Man, I love Patrick Stewart and Avery Brooks.
Marquette B-Ball at 6:15 this evening. We open at 5 w/ EVERYTHING 2-4-1 until 9. Perfect way to enjoy March Madness.
I should know better than to try a random movie without asking you first. Let me pick out another one... I'll be back in a few
Beginning a very different shift at work tonight - play-by-play satellite ops. Busy night tonight!
HAHAH omg julia u and fran are so fried...dude shes like a lobster right now.
Happy Mothers Day to all of the beautiful mothers! I hope your day has been blessed beyond measure.
We got the COOLEST mini rubber speaker for iPhone from at this week!
Supplier of Brazilian Hardwood Flooring • Decking • Lumber
you both are!! Lol
True Born Records o
great transformation!!
SHOUT OUT TO ATLANTA DIRECTIONERS!!
I'm waiting until ereaders are a sleeve I wear and read from my forearm before I buy one. I don't like carrying stuff.
Thanks, Jimmy!! Right back at you!!
yes i do. Hahaha. I'm going to my friends. Ttyl!
What you up to?
Really AWESOME what you are doing with the cookbook and I love your Profile statement! Keep up the great work
": Only 11 more hours until my favorite 6 hours of the week! #truelifechurchnewark"// Now THATS retweet worthy!
you have to try the Grilled Vegetable and Fresh Mozzarella Baguette for lunch. #Delicious cc
What's everyone up to tonight? Let's drink!
it's definitely a great way for people to get a feel for the clothing!
Not to shamelessly plug, but our Healthscape Alliance is all about collaboration, not competition - please check us out!!
sounds like a human being
its amazing to hear people tell me that they can feel and connect to my music, lets me know i havent forsaken the craft
great then, we will meet him tonight at the wine tasting. I am currently discussing it with him
CONGRATS!! Out of everyone you are so humble loving and deserving!! Xoxoxo
Getting lost in San Antonio trying to find my uncle a birthday card. CVS and Walgreens had absolutely no selection. Also food coma.
thats what I like to hear
The booth is en route to #ASTD2012 #Denver. Looking forward to the high-energy event.
if you're at the venue please tell us where to stand for the line please and thank you
Hahahha my mom just shouted touchdown yankees....
Richmond MBA students preparing for Int'l Residency in Budapest. Thanks to H-P and Morgan Stanley for hosting consultancy projects.
We should talk again about setting up that voter drive.
cause the only thing I know bout u is that you went to memphis, your a combo guard and can jump out of gym!!!
Canucks cool Jets to stay in hunt for top spot
Omg annoying stfu
PS: today is also Louis Farrakhan's birthday.
Ah I saw #BetterInBlack as a trending topic!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
why the heck did i just favorites my own tweet
Will bust out Rick Pitino's Colonel Sanders suit for white out?
Food for thought "Technology has surpassed education" - José Briseño
Mfs do the most; irritating ass;
Hadn't thought to blame my 4th grade teacher. As I remember, she yelled at me for chewing gum in class. It probably is her fault.
Football coaches did you know Bite the Ball Wrap Em Up Head Across & Screws to the Numbers all leads to brain injuries? U do now
12 more minutes i cant wait:)
hey nate- your page should be working exactly as expected now. sorry for the delay and thanks again!
it annoys me when people on #spotify keep their playlists private-what are you hiding? i willingly show you my massive hall & oates library.
Yes, Pujols turned his back on us. Any struggles are magnified because of HIS decision. He had it easy in STL and was king.
So fucking nice out.
Wow what an inspiring young man!!
Yeah it's definitely old-school ... I used to swing by back in the day too! So much good stuff!
didn't realize so many zombies stumbling around midtown. Sleeping w/ the shotgun tonight.
Awkwardly watching Sister wives with my family
I'm not as biased when I say that plays the role of the though
haha why yes he is!
I got to meet you at the show in Atlanta, & I just wanted to say, you're super nice and amazing at what you do. Fucking badass <666
Sander Kleinenberg tonight @ Playhouse. This will be a sold out event. Must b on Chris&Dave's list. Ask me for great bttl specials!
I still feel like I'm adjusting to life post-grad, but all is good :) are you @ Wright On? I'm just up the road in Solana Beach!
Checking in @ Glee Event @ Television Academy. "Gleeks" Everywhere including my daughter. She is Thrilled to be here as am I!
#NowPlaying "Keep The Streets Empty For Me' by Fever Ray
GOP endorses for San Diego Mayor!
Callista: what’s the plan for tonight babe? Newt: plan is u put on a gallon of hair spray because Papa’s got 2 tickets to a swingers party.
children of Gen X are the digital natives.
My belief is once ZG leaves, our window has closed. How else do you suggest we improve the minors?
Playing I spy with via FaceTime made my night.
Small gift ideas and Smith teamkaker,
Excuse for talking to an ex : He's the only person I have to talk to... What fuck ever..
Have a #safeflight1D aawww, we're so sweet (;
Traveling today from FL to KY, the long way home. Alabama has some beautiful scenery and the drive up Highway 19 was calm and leisurely.
AND THIS GAMES IN THE REFRIGERATOR!!!!! LAKERS 3-1
cause they can't afford the lawsuits from a riot see Ron Artest , Indiana
Just realized I've had two drinks since July 1st. Crazy.
Special Financing! Added Upgrades! Amazing Pricing! 5% Realtor Commissions! August is the BEST time to buy a NEW home!
#ThingsThatUsed2BeCool Not reminiscing about what used to be "cool" & just letting it be.
RT : #HTC blitzing One launches at multiple carriers. Will this halo product get them back in the game? BTW, what Sense version...
no transfer yet!!
Thunder just HouSEd the Bulls.
I think my mom and I are coming by tonite. She was supposed to call ur mom. :)
For Union Rags' owner Wyeth, horses are in the blood - Bellingham Herald
I am beginning to like riding on the trainer during the "winter" (we're having a winter this year?); good for after-work relaxation
lies! you said she was smart
dm me ur building and number
turns out there are little south korean children within every KIA vehicle. Maintenance means death and a replacement must be ordered. FYI.
Hello Jacoby Jones. Goodbye David Reed.
at the verizon center watching raw live!
2012 is the Myan prediction the end of the earth
italians lemons: 1 tree, 3 seasons = 3 different lemons
On citing tweets, there needs to be a better archiving system. Working on this for
I remember the first time i went to the movie theater. It was when i went to go see shark boy and lava girl in 3D those were the good days
you tell uncle Rick I said what's up and that he has good hair
If your boyfriend/fiancee/husband leaves u after a medical problem or a bad accident, he lied about loving you. smh
bout what
#BLOCKBOYCEOSHAWTY YA BITCH RIDIN SHOTGUN ALL ON MY DICK AND SHYT..NUMBER ONE DRAFT PICK
NSF mandate has been a good opportunity for libraries/libns to connect up with data creators
pretty sure we can get you a pair homie.
For this love is unconditional, it wont go away. I know I'm lucky, no it aint easy for men (black) who take care of their responsibilities
DON'T. RUN. EVER!
Towns banning Halloween? No!
omg you so lucky!! I'm jealous have fun!!:D
don't worry when i'll be famous you'll find ways to follow me :D
Thanks for the retweet. Neat chart, huh? No, I'm not thinking of buying a Kindle ;-)
Drumroll. Who's the winner for the most domain names in government? Shocker, GSA. See dataset at explore.data.gov/d/k9h8-e98h
Wish he was here
"The Boss" by Rick Ross "Umma Do Me" by Rocko "I Spend It"by Chainz, "I'm a Boss Remix" by Meek Mills
hey gurrll... i need verified like now lol can you help me:)
read the FAQ! seems legit to me...
we should go hahah.
#HonestyNight if i wasnt in a relationship i would have been moved to another state
However you approach your article writing, you need to know that you will rarely get it perfect at first.
Why would John Travolta have a sex scandal?
GOAL GOAL ST LOUIS GOAL!!
Drake: But first you must smell your tomato... Josh: Smell my tomato?... Drake: By pressing it with your nose with great force! LMFAO
Thank you for the #FF love , , , and
just finished my bitches brew. Respect.
"Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare."
Get em at sec's!
should win best male artist y'know.
i have high hopes for Hollins, i think he will have an impact.
draft position, getting terrible coach fired
Big News for SSRN- We have reached 50 MILLION downloads! The 50 millionth downloader will be announced soon!
noo... i never really paid attention to the random singing/dancing lol
you give me hope. Really a truly great film. #nsn3d <3
Watching Dante's Peak and nodding out.
You running like you stole something
Congratulations, ! How are you going to celebrate?
Lmao RT : RT : Sager: "Hold on to that game ball", McGee: "Thanks", *throws ball 35 rows in the air*
FOR ALL MOVIE LOVERS - Top Best Upcoming Movies Of 2012 (February)
waiting on to call me, and thinking I want another cookie chocolate chip cookie and sandwhich from
oh we shall :)
RT “: What's the difference between walking up the street and down the street? What If I'm walking along side it? #deepthought"
she needs to be in MIA. U Too.
Hungry as Hell
it's also "national pancake day" at iHop- peanut butter & pancakes...yum!
Looking for more positive role models to be mentors
It'll be worth the wait(:
Shock. Disbelief. Sorrow. Life is short and tomorrow is never promised. R.I.P.
Not even Sidd Finch could save the Mets this season.
It's a shame the music industry doesn't produce quality love songs anymore. However, there is an abundance of hookin' up/f*ckin' songs.
Club Aura's Open Hours - Restaurant: Tuesday-Saturday: 5pm-10pm ; Lounge: Tuesday-Saturday: 5pm-close ; Club: Friday-Saturday: 9pm-2am
m, whiskey and cooking-two of my favorites! :)
Spoke to the Murphy Chamber of Commerece today at thier monthy luncheon on the topic of "What Keeps You Up at Night" It went well.
That's why I love my job! RT : Brewing beer; one of the only jobs where it's okay to take work home with you
God creates all things through the divine Word and Wisdom that became incarnate in Yeshua. - Dr. Mark Kinzer
One year ago today, I didn't believe Bin Laden was dead until tweeted it. Scoop of the decade so far.
What is bookscan?
Thanks, Steve! Appreciated your advice on the e29 Garage Project for Cleveland Plain Dealer.
I bet college students would come together from all races, tiers, creeds, and political affiliations to stop that frm passing
I got you boo come on over!
I'm pretty sure I sai that yesterday.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> hahaha
I need to find a place to rock it at SXSW.
We would like to thank the Abell Foundation for their generous support of the EdTech Link program.
aww that's great
Another sold out night at lax!! Can't wait for Fat Joe tomorrow!! Couple tables lefts so hurry and hit me up for the last tables 7027506103
Worst part about #arthritis flare up: inability to hold a book for as long as I want to be reading it. may need a professional book holder.
Thinking about #benchmarks for #library training and how different models exist that create the same outcome: knowledge. More soon
Im So Dope My Nickname Is Cocaine :-)
What does your tattoo say ?
its been like that all week! I love it! I will be in Knoxville this coming up weekend. :)
: What are you playing?
Works for me! :)
Sometimes watching you makes me feel good
extremely disappointed
Just drove through my first storm in Tampa. How bout that drainage system?? Lol. Almost took one of each animal for the ark on 275.
Crap.... Smoke & Newman are not doing well today....Race isn't over yet, but not looking good!
Criss!please check out my twitter profile.i think ull really like the background.let me know what u think.8 more days til chat
in Chicago with , &
I wrk hard for my money so hard for it honey!!
Welcome to twitter Jonesie. See you at the lap pool mañana for our seriously over due workout! :)
thanks for the RT!
Do you know anyone that wants to drop 2-3 waist sizes in 10 minutes with permanent weight loss? No Surgery, No Diet, No Pills, No Exercise?
The sauna melts all my stress way and calories.
so hard to post a WoD i guess wtf
World #Parkinson's Day is in one day & PDF #Research #Advocates are raising awareness about study participation. What are your plans?
Nm how bout you? :D
"Your former teen-age crush." Yup. is now on Twitter. #rarebooksforcelebrities?
Finals result a foregone conclusion? I think so. Heat win. NBA ordains it. See promo ads w/James & Bosh w/the trophy they have yet to win.
Lee Hacksaw Hamilton former SDCharger playbyplay on the death of Jr.Seau at 6:15 on NWSports Tonight
What are your favorite Indiana made products?
Wow! Thank you for the great article on Charles River. Very eloquent. We greatly appreciate it.
oh awesome, would love to meet you both #2for1 :)
Is Jenga one of the Hunger Games?
Contest Time: Give us a score and outcome of the Wisconsin game today and you could win a car decal!
Seeing the Avengers with my son :-)
“: Only 3 people want me to write their usernames?”write mine;D
we both know someone in common in Key West and now we both tried to contact the same kid. DM me.
you need to follow me so I can DM you
You go.
"If we fail this time, it will be a failure of imagination"
HAHA my point was just proven again, is terrible at these challenges, whatever he picks the opposite is the real result
Ah, cooling, refreshing liquid sunshine falling from a gray blanket of clouds
On Diane's Hochman call and I almost wet myself - there is a major snorer. It's hard to hear Diane over him.
Whole family loved us some #avengers today, then engaged in vigorous debate to determine best one. #nerdsummer off to good start!
Woke up to a hot house -_______-
Uzeke will be vloggin with Amnesty International USA - Youth Groups in Denver, Colorado this weekend.
Thank you, #GoodLuke!
Harsh return to reality begins with call from bank reporting fraudulent activity on my card yesterday. Card cancelled.
where/how can I find more info about Item#26 DOB regarding Chelsea Hotel that passed last night?
yes move to New York!
I have a pimple right in the middle of my nose. -___- UGH!
My Favorite Highway.
Or Elton Brand? RT : The EC semis version of "Tracy McGrady still plays? Really?" will be "Tony Battie still plays? Really?"
i could listen to #KeithMorrison from #Dateline read a grocery list. his voice is so soothing. and just the right hint of creepy
I agree with Jordan & Jeff #bb13 Big Brother is not the Rachel Show
oh crap! Hope u recover quick, stay focused on nutrition so there is no backsliding!
He saw my tweet and retweeted it, I didn't do anything.
Client images selected. Post-production starts tonight. Stay tuned for updates on final retouches.
Time to get to this paper......
Hm go to ur twitter sittings um RT : Itd want connect,!
Holy rain in Centex. Dust off the
well damn ima go ta steak n shake (:
Are you in #MKE tomorrow night? If you are... #StPattys??!
Debating if I should make a glam st pattys day outfit....
LOVE LOVE my Dad. So worried about me..wants to fly me for a week to Florida to relax. Said he would take me anywhere to see his girl smile!
To bring people coming back to SciCafe, #AMNH has tech incentives like foursquare rewards, and lo-tech rewards cards. - Desai
does anyone understand a word im saying?
Happy Jazz Fest Everyone! Now go out, see some great live music on the fairgrounds and join us for the nightly portions of your weekend!
i sent u a invite on FB
you can folks who will do the cooking and then deliver.
Happy International Women's Day! The weekend is here. Time to celebrate!
my pleasure!
nice meeting you last night @ the dodgers game with !
she cleans up well !
<3 Let go let God! Let love in! Give love out! Let your heart GLOW!! <3
Mark, have a safe flight tomorrow. Cheers to the 2012 hot air ballooning season!
it would be hard to say... I'd have to know more info... I know these situations.
L, we created James Dockery's Twitter background. Would love to create one for you FREE. Follow & DM us if you are interested.
thanks for the follow Danny.
Just got my voting on!
Last minute? Bah. It's not even Friday yet.
Coffee at clc makes my morning. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
currently I am working on a proposal for work. complementing Sam on blogonsisters.com
Generally I want to be the one who's able to address everyone's issues, but now that I'm in a position of zero authority ...
Thank you for joining us the other night, , it is always a pleasure!
You're amazing! Please get all of your friends to do the same! It would mean the world to us! <3
Comments like you in a sun dress and raining require pictures for the visual effect of the moment... :-)
Sounds awesome. I tried to take a peek but that page won't load for me.
I want to see my 76er's and the Nuggets in the NBA Finals! That'll be one hell of a matchup!
on it.
I like your idea way more lol
Where everyone knows my name, man.
The smell of sex!!!
Athens is fun
I wanna talk to Savi
Milner-Fenwick's New 'Hospital Quality of Care' Education Videos Support ... - Newswise (press release)
$40K? Then it is even worse.
It's funny because I think a lot of it is simply
"Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home." - Mother Teresa.
Baltimore Mayoral Candidate Otis Rolley will be on Midday with Dan Rodricks on WYPR 88.1 today at noon!
Stupid spinach dip.
"Excuse me for bein blunt, but I've been eatin cunts since pimps was pushin pink Caddies with the fish tank pumps"
Experiencing Seattle weather in San Diego today! Rain, rain, go away... don't come back some other day. Too cold to work outside, dammit!
Hey did you guys know that Zooey Deschanel is quirky?
Agreed! Thanks for the tips :) Always good insight from you during these #wedding chats :)
good luck today from RVA!
Im definetly bombing that math exam tomorrow.
Feeling better today
STOP SOPA and PIPA Tell Congress HANDS OFF OUR INTERNET!
All over RT : thanks. Do you know What sections BC fans in?
RT : What would it take to be the best in the world where God has placed u? Would u need to do more, read more, have a better...
Yeah, but not deploying. So you have to open up Xcode, and if can't run in a terminal debugger, gotta use Xcode
I can't listen to one song without it bringing back unwanted memorys..
Hey, I believe you will be famous. I really do!
okay upstair's neighbor: Cee Lo Green's F*CK YOU is a good song, but not 30 times in a row good.
you are awesome
:) I can't wait for that moment! He's gonna look so handsome. :)
BOOKED ON A TV SHOW! Only after 28days signed with Conscious Publicity!
thoughts on our old material let us kno! Be easy though those songs have been around for quite sometime lol
Over here I thought it was World Book 2012!
Seven car crash John Nolen EB. Traffic backed up to the far end of Olin Park. Avoid the area.
Thank goodness you're able to delete tweets. Last night was just crazy.
After watching Grammys, next day feels like waking up after drinking cheap wine.
I dunno, leave me alone.
Who's going to the Hounds game tonight? The MLL Commissioner will be there!
Tweep Tweep looking for something good to eat!
Thanks for the RT and the comment!
All appointment times have been filled for this week. Please call Monday to schedule your windshield repair.
Good morning Lucy! Sharon Jimenez let me know if your boss can edit Bring Hollywood Home video interviews with our supporters?
Today was a good day. Too much work but damn fun.
I think there's a rogue sect of umpires that want expanded replay. Only explanation.
Happy Birthday !
Top 5 Coming Soon.....( What I look for in a female). Someone asked, so I will share.
Yes. I was a starry - eyed Georgetown student at his reading in New South Hall about 1970.
Hey everyone go to fashionbaggage fan page and press like!
Happy New Years Everyone.......and Happy Anniversary to the best parents a guy could ask for!!
I am counting down the days until their farmer's market starts! Those lunch hours are going to be a lot more fun come June.
RT : I see my klout score has slipped from 61.55 to 61.48. Someone needs to give them a long talk about "significant figures".
Love my Cuzzo mike..!!
If your gonna make a status about someone at least make sure you don't do it either...
wanna go swimming? I promise to be a gentleman
Reading "House" by Tracy Kidder. The frame isn't even up yet and I'm already convinced I don't ever want to build a house! :)
haha no! It's me you and Norma, she's fun! I actually had your little brother after school yesterday!
I love my freinds. Their so fun!!!
yeah, that sounds about perfect.
Relationships fail because you're too busy pointing out each others mistakes and not enough time loving one another.
im soo confused but its whatever today was a good day
The unexpected is just the beginning. The unexpected is what changes our lives. ~Unknown
RT : "Let experience be your teacher, let challenges be the test of life."
Sorry, was unintentional. Thank you for your kind words!
Good luck with the drive!
It was wonderful wasn't! And it has my gal crush in it too! x
Hello Nashville !
Ya know what would really make my birthday special is if Tweeted Happy Birthday to my cute fan lmao
you're welcome!
Thank you so much for your blog posting! #weheartyou,
yes perfect power walking weather :)
Can I get camera/supplies from you today? Anything u don't have, I'll need to rent. Meet in afternoon?
Scary: #RonArtest DID NOT FLINCH. Reflex would dictate some sort of response twd the person hurt. Then the nooka-WHAT- stance? NO! GET OUT!
Gonna get right for the new year since I can't go anywhere. 2012 gonna be better
I am now on my 4 day weekend! Its a great thing :)
johnny you in the west loop right now? chilling in your pad behind the billy goat? hawks looked good tonight
RT : Seek not good from without: seek it from within yourselves, or you will never find it. ~Epictetus
has the planning begun?
Absolutely. But a play is more likely to be 'executable' if the defense is not able to easily counter execute.
your such a bitch.
Looking for an audience? Wanna be part of one? We have Open Mic nights every Tuesday and Wednesday. Come on down!
youu guys know u are tagging me in ur conversations( im not trying to be mean) js idk if u are aware <3
Anybody want to pick Raven up from work today? No? Cool...
Can't sleep, gotta big day tomarow. Damn straight
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
Neil Horikoshi of cites startling statistics on outcomes for young men of color - unemployment, incarceration, or death.
Got "Everlong" on lock. In retrospect it's not as difficult as I expected. Power chord.
LISTENING 2 THE PPL TALKIN AT GREGORY'S FUNERAL JUST MAKE MI SICK 2 MY RASS STOMACH THANK U CASTRO BROWN FOR BEING SO FU# REAL MI KING
cause I haven't finished it -_- :(
straightening my hair, why's?
wow, leaves me speechless!
I'm excited that it's almost pumpkin patch time!!
Somehow we get another mention of Justin Bieber.
Great 2 B back! Come join me this morn South Bay 4 a double whammy 4 the candy!!
To all the Heat "fans" that said Bosh doesn't make a difference on the team, I hope you're happy.
#HappyMothersDay to every single Mom in this world we could never thank you enough for your unconditional love!
I don't know, I will look it up and let you know. Thanks for the question. I hope it does.:)
Five reasons Adobe's CS6 subscription is smart - CNET
thanks for the retweet. much appreciated xo
Working on some fun stuff for ! Coming soon!
Does anyone have access to BCS championship tickets?
Confidence knows there are no unknown obstacles with God.
There is NOTHING quite like a good shave after a week. Accompanied of course by the other S's.
Thanks for the RT!
Shut up bitch. I've been in school for fucking 11 years. I think I can not pay attention for 5 minutes and still be finee.
lol I was joking anyways.
The digital installation Westward Bound begins today at the African Burial Ground
uh no, they won't be better.
Does anyone else feel awkward topping a muscle dude? Feels good in a way, but weird too..if that makes sense?
Madison East 1, Middleton 0 after 3 innings in Big Eight Conference baseball, Game moved to Middleton due to wet grounds.
ICONic Blue.
Was wondering how subscribed titles wd be indicated in JUSP...manually? Sigh. #erl12 maybe easier since these are nation-wide deals?
Who eats this stuff? Wait, I don't want to know.
Leftover pizza. #SillyQuestion RT “: What's for breakfast?”
Damn right.
I miss u 2 marylee! Nobody be gettin it in wit me =( u should just move out here!
There are rules to tweeting?! Apparently I shouldn't post a status update every second? What the hell am I on this for?
You are right on!
I think I understand how you feel. I'm kind of in a similar boat. :( *hugs*
Dinner, Happy hour,Dessert, Wine Cocktail, Music, Dance Book your table !!
Merry Christmas Eve :)
love you too Sweet thing! Let reschedule lunch PRONTO!!
this tweet's sole purpose is to no longer have 666 tweets
Hip Hop Mix!!!!! www.soundcloud.com/hip-hop-mix-1-19-12
you know it was a great game when 2 days later you still don't have your voice back
#EveryoneHasThatOneFamilyMember whos like CNN and knows the cover story in all the gossip
Mercifully, the H1 does not extend to #Maui, where I will be following #Viadoom from the lanai.
I want to see the Harbaugh brothers face off in the Super Bowl, so go Ravens!
Thanks for the follow. I'm compiling a list of fav #travelmemoirs. Which book gave you wanderlust?
bahaha. Oh I get it.
Ok. This is set up for all my clients to log workouts and general questions. But the games gonna start and gotta watch my packers kick butt!
knew I could count on you
"Wisdom is a view from on high, from the narrow path between two precipices, to extreme ideas." ~Amin Maalouf
not at the moment, but I did all day yesterday. awful. How is that song on the radio in 2012?
thank you
I seriously dont wanna leave my bed and go to work :l
Stupid Internet! F u
did u just tweet yourself?!? Lol
Ohh you mad? Too bad!
Random thought: I want to punch Wilfred in the snout. Then throw his bong in the sea.
you know that point in your workout where gels and stuff wont cut it....yup....THAT one!! #musthavebacon :-)
Lets roll
I do need Bron to check Granger shit though
damnit, I never was good at math!
Missouri Meth Addicts and Manufacturers for Rick Santorum.
Clean Bong is good Bong
True or False? Total number of possible #royalflush hands in a 52-card deck: 4
Also just "discovered" something called "His Satanic Majesty as a Cowboy from Science Fiction." #totalassaultontheculture!
Coburn on Daily show: Lies about Medicare at first, then says taxes will have to be raised. So not completely insane.
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
haha well I'm glad there's people like you, otherwise it would be and it would be an epic fail haha
I friggin love
*puts you in my big pot of stew*
thanks! :) tell your friends please, we love you for it.
.. and goodmorning back to you sir!! :-)
thanks for kind retweet- have a terrific day!
yes i saw u walk into Roux come in
How many points did Patty Mills need to win the scoring title?
Thinking through the relationship between satire and violence, symbolic or objective, especially as it relates to "character assassination."
Show tonight in Norman at the Hidden Castle! We'll be rockin' out with Highdive and The Gunship! Time to put on those party pants
Not sure how I feel about this... #crazy live Tweeting brain surgery NOW.
If someone will give me a dollar or 50 cents, make my day.
Off for a walk with Miss Khloe! Shooting for the 2.5 mile mark again-- though 3 might be in my future.
sorry! just seeing this. I was gonna rock heels, but my eldest is being a monster, so not feeling milfy tonight. wear ur heels!!
please reply/favorite/retweet this! <21 ;^)
I like your new picture:) stop being so cute please?
Sister, it helps with the flow! Have had to come to terms with it lately and give myself grace. Ha ha!
so great meeting you and your lovely wife! Cheers, talk soon.
Obama moving thru DC at rush hour just turned downtown into a massive jam but I honestly never tire of seeing that motorcade go by. So fun.
Most outlets are covering the Junior Seau tragedy, but not yet (at least online). I wonder why...
DONE and DONE!
I could quite possibly be 100% down.... RT : road trip this weekend?!?!
Alice Hoffman speaking now @ Tucson Festival of Books.
love ur big boob roc show the boobs tomorrwo
crazy! I paint my nails that color too!
If its not real, then I don't want anything.
I do read tarot for faraway poets! On the telephone or Skype!
Ohh gosh! I can't get over how sweet it is that wrote his mama a song! When I saw 's tweet, I teared up a bit.
Good night of theater now on the journey home.
Ima just say this Stop doin what everybody else is doin what everybody else is doin may not be what you should be doin "LEAD"
yeah I will thanks for tweeting:)
Tigers outfielder Delmon Young was arrested in NY last night for a hate crime. It had something to do with anti-semetic remarks and alcohol.
Celtics wrap this up in 6. Game 5's loss only prolonged the inevitable.
The art of writing is to explain the complications of the human soul with the simplicity that can be universally understood-Allan...
WOW! Would the Packers be able to get that for Flynn?
Thank you darling...I can flow with my inner supermodel from time to time, lol
I see, u just say wat comes 2 ur mind & I b laughing. But I get some #'s 4 u on some apt if u want it
You might want to check with Kat. She might have it....
Aw! RT : About to see do some kickass improv with my lovebug and the unstoppable
Whatever he touches turns to shit RT : So here is the real question..does Obama pick UK when he fills out bracket on Sunday?
Just saw the bathroom battle on the news. Hope it gets built. But am curious why it costs half a million bucks.
] we said, and Lilley didn<U+0092>t in his article, <U+0093>May Allah protect you<U+0094> or <U+0093>Fi Amanillah<U+0094> is equivalent in the Islamic faith to good-bye
True I could see that.
"Texas Panel Debates Future of Research Universities." Important read from
RT Love the reminder! Getting into gear myself :)
I KNOW!!! Be back at the end of May... We'll burn it down then! RT “: rockin Charlotte. How are u not here?”
We Will Never Let Justin Go <3
Welcome. Just so you know, there are at least 100 places to dump a body just in Baltimore.
goodmorning. I can not wait till summer! I have like 19 more days.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 60
High School. Boys. Bieber. Life. damn it. asdfghjkl;
Serious inquiry. Does anyone have a banana or monkey costume I can borrow this weekend?
Maybe should have checked for remover before I painted my nails.
"When you're in the shower, and you hear loud thumps and you think, they're killing my family, and I'll have to fight the attacker naked."
What level of hell for Internet popup ads?
I saw the beginning of that. I wish I didn't have to go to work so I could've seen what came of you after that grenade shot. ;-)
One bad thing about taking Friday off - playing catch-up on Monday...
Yay, both boys are napping! MOMMY TIME!
I agree! Log Cabin Repubs are brain-washed & delusional, on top of that, the name "Log Cabin" is creepy!
The things I would do to see play at Chain Reaction tonight...
Anchoring vs zone is great, but anchoring in transition is as or more effective. Bigs must seek out defenders and engage them physically
Don't you hate when you like someone's status , then they wanna inbox you right afterwards ?
We're almost at 700 followers! RT to get us 7 more people!
Yeah when y'all said that fog was setting in at 1AM, all we could do was laugh.
apparently, they found people! They overlook the backyard at Stubb's. Excellent location, proximity to food trucks, etc.
I'll just take your phone tomorrow and do it :)
Now we want to hear which female celebrity you think is the best groomed? Why?
n'aw don't thank me #wearefamily :D thank you and I've followed back!<U+2665>
watching #Sneakers before work. Really good hacking film. Can't go wrong with Robert Redford, Sidney Poitier, Dan Aykroyd, and River Pheonix
how many hours do you work a weekend?!
Increadable Prices to selected marketing items coming soon!
So excited to be in Las Vegas with my fellow RE/MAX agents. Only the BEST agents in the world!!
yea ill try ... hard to do that livin the life I live, but thanks Kristen
Obviously "Sweet Melissa" by the Allman Bros. Likely the only song to START with the word 'crossroads.'
Don't want to, but guess I'll be voting for Romney and hope for the best!! Romney will probably send the rest of the jobs over seas!
Oh the weather outside is frightful but Amici's is so delightful. If you've no place to go, join us 4 some Joe! dinner + coffee drinks = yum
So I may be thinking of moving to this side of the hill soon. This commute is killing me. I don't know how people do it.
Shaq being a doctor is too funny to me. But good for him
My birthday was great! Thanks for throwing me such an awesome party! ;)
House Education Committee meeting to vote on large omnibus education bill. Committee substitute includes HCS for HB 1228 on charters.
hi Danny! Thanks for the follow.
definitely a night owl... I love to stay up late... Which are you?
Officer, I think you'd agree a "Pool" of blood is a gross overstatement.
Hey our favorite followers Remember tweetup and menu unveiling tomorrow!
I'd rather my boys go up against the caps than the rangers. Just for talent sake.
RT : The silver lining: New England looks seriously flawed. My Falcons have a real shot in two weeks.
home opener tonight at 7pm. Come by before the game for $4 bar rail and 5$ Creemore and Steamwhistle pints!
ATL, need somewhere to throw your next event? Hit us up! Our parent company has just opened up a new space, World Class Events!
The board's moving on now to hear a presentation from district CFO Ron Little
HgbA1Cs don't lie.
Movie no. 3 has begun, Step Brothers
My headphones came out.
yeah I know. I appologize.. I was a bit stressed with school that I didn't really pay attention to twitter. But hey I'm back :]
Universal Dance & Drum Ensemble now performing at our Youth event. Beautiful History!
If you can get 10 or more of your friends to "Like" our page, you will receive a FREE lunch!
it's barely 7am and I already had one kid hit the other with a whiffle ball bat...
Who needs substance? :)) We're talking entertainment here. Whatever entertains works, right?
Download "Money and Mistress" on our purevolume for FREE! Help us get to 10k likes on facebook and we will make the rest free!
Good share.
Will do :)
I love me some Prince Harry ;) how you DOIN??
welcome to 2007...next you know, you'll be drinking the kool-aid and buying a Mac.
I've got Blink 182 tickets. Everybody reach deep and connect with your inner "34 year old dude that dresses like a teen"
Now's the time to gain that self esteem with each pound lost! Know what you are worth and start the HCG Diet today! 702.979.4424
thats true & im thinking of working with music :)
#snowing in #pdx #springsnow what is this???
"Do Something. If it works, do more of it. If it doesn't, do something else." -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
seriously, so happy that nbc renewed community. bated breath to hear about parks and rec's fate.
what's up girl miss u haven't talk to u in like forever WTF!!!!!!
I think I'm getting sick.
if im louder, would you see me.?
I am in. Are you? RT : #MuseSocial chat tomorrow at noon ET? Who's in?
Thanks! Hope to do a "sneak preview" screening in late february. Please become a fan on facebook to hear about time and date.
OK, virtual handshake ;)
F.I.S.H=Fuck It Shit Happens.
downtown. Simple stuff right? I tried but so many steps.
If wanna come, mention me lol. DM too
puppies? Just take one puppy! Lol
I came along, I wrote a song for you & all the things you do, and it was called yellow.
Pah! Not fair. So.. if I had a question about your site where would I email? ;)
HAHAHAHAHAHA MY MOM ASKED ME IF was bypolar i said no thts just his FRAND personality X)
We're gonna feast in t-minus 15 mins.
there was just a clue about 1D!! They even played wmyb!
#LeylandBall at its best. Win one lose one. Yesterday we won one, so that means that theoretically today we lose one.
Passionate about eco-style? Or green and organic? Great at engaging people with your writing? Be part of our team. Msg me for more info.
can you please ping me offline, I have a question
Get any Antec fan case. Amazing price and performance.
We have seven people squished into the studio tonight. We're all sitting on top of each other, more or less.
Uefa are so concerned that nonwhite fans could face racial abuse or violence Euro-12 that it is backing plans to create safe areas for them.
i'm up and i just read your "not ok" article. thanks.
oh no :(!!!! Well I love you girl. Stay strong!
Shout out and good luck to all my competin in Vegas! See you guys next year at HHI 2012 :)
#YouShouldNot say "I love you" unless you really mean it. Say it cause you want them to know, not to hear it back.
Pitching some of my songs for a movie.... Let's see what God does!
Purple Flowers
One thing we learned from Digging into Data: cleaning ragged data important to get at meaning.
now you follow me back! :)
Lap Dance is trending.....gives me ideas.....
I just recently did the same. Must've unsub'd to 30 different lists. It looks like is trying to help w/that.. in beta tho
Mama's and Shorty's at 2nd and Bell
recovering from an apparent bout with the stomach flu
Thanks for the follow &
So people who can afford Audis also like vampire movies?
good job....love the originals
Ru Paul<3 zombie edition ! Jesses favorite !
That nigga Blake is a dman monster he just fucked gasol up wtf was he thinking
Local food sales estimated to be $4.8B in 2008, and projected to climb to $7B in 2011 (USDA-ERS report)
Facebook needs a “Drama of the day” section in my news feed.
We could call them Oppression Codes.
So, is rad. That is all.
I want summer to come. I have the urge to build a giant sand castle.right.Mow.
things i like: giant, *peaceful protests/rallies.. sunshine.. mom's day.. and fridays.
Start the long weekend the right way. 10 mile run followed by a cool swim. Oh yeah.
u should come tiny chat with me then :)
And I'm serious about that sports show, feel free to come out for it. I can't wait to buy baseball cards and more! Cc:
I'm glad God loves me NO MATTER WHAT I WEIGH!! JESUS THINKS I'M BEAUTIFUL!!!
Need ideas for our (delayed) honeymoon! Where have u gone that I need to go? Must involve a beach.. Amalfi Coast? Santorini? Elsewhere?
check it out
lol me neither x
I would love to win tons of miles from !
Have Woody overnight it to you if you'll be in the same place for a few days.
Well, you won't get elected if you don't run! :)
I take back my statement of "Stellar Day." I forgot the universe has a Manos clause wherein if I say it outloud, it takes away.
so pumped for ur Unplugged Album:) 30 days left
We're all wondering...MT : Chris Matthews intros Log Cabin R spokesperson saying he doesn't know why they still exists.
2012 pricing just released today! Now is the time to book your Disney vacation for next year. Best selection of all hotels available.
Oh yay. Conrad.
Im not arrogant
i wish i could meet you again ;D Like at the radio station :)
U SMILE.. I SMILE :)
Catwoman or Anne Hathaway?
hey maggie wamted to see what you Friday morning looks like. Or Saturday afternoon works also for me to come down there.
everybody at my school are becoming mahomies
You know... I bet roadkill meat is really tender.
The smallest good deed is better than the grandest good intention. Duguet
HA there she is!!!
Not to be mean but we have a week 5 student of a 3 week class driving andthey are beating the hell out of me on the road. Ouch.
I love you Shane, but you're going to get whooped. Prove me wrong.
want a full report! dying to see soon!
Louisiana hot link chips and drink $4.50!!!! Try some Iced Hibiscus Tea
on it! Religiously working in my Southern poetry sheaf, but this could take a side burner. :)
Mark your calendars! Sue Fliess and Betsy Snyder's fun, hands-on new book "Tons of Trucks" is coming out July 3!
This is joe sundell doing a system check, start following me!!!
Pro hockey.
Congrats and good luck!
Almost Famous makes me wish rock and roll was still huge (without the drugs). I wish i was here for the music of the 70's
Virus warning : vitoria secret giving away gift cards. Virus goes after bank info and passwords !!!!!
I couldn't feel so I tried to touch.
lol....thank you!!! And only if you cook.:)
Yay my book came in sick.
The moon looks awesome tonight. Newt Gingrich was gonna let me live there. You guys ruined it.
: “There was never a better time to be alone.”
Don't forget we are available for takeout, so your family will love you more: 705-5030
Congrats for being named one of the Best Restaurants in Pittsburgh!
Yes! Present for #vwmooc celebration, but I am also doing homework for my doc class. Benefits of living/working in the metaverse
lots of fans? Where?
I have met u once if I ever get the chance to meet u again do u think u would remember me?? I'm an unforgettable person!! HAHA XOXO
Sounds fun, wish I was there!
best back-to-school gadget is the iPad2
Oh I get it, he had to load the bases so he could work under pressure.. Alright, I'm with ya D-Rob. Don't let me down!
RT : When venturing into business, have a business meeting with God! Jennifer
Computer - Water Damage Pone - Theiving Damage Me - DAMAGED. :(
I'm on facebook as , creeping her pictures.
Hi Rudy, thx for the follow. If you have an iPhone, check out our app - RAVN Events. Would love to hear what you think.
it's okay lol
Yay! Ordered all my transcripts for my transfer. Now I'm going to bed.
“: "I'm Jefferson Smith, and I might still be running for mayor!" #pdxvotes”
Thanks, Bryn! Sorry we didn't connect at #ascd12. Hope it was a good conference for you.
Cream soda is disgusting.
“: Work is what I'm doing when i'm not working...” All Day!!!
Meditation for today - Luke 17: 11-19 this is pretty deep if you think about it. Thinking about the mental fortitude needed
TYVM! Enjoyed our chat!
no, YOU'RE perf
Life's deepest meaning is not found in accomplishments but in relationships
I have to be the ONLY person still hunting Mosquitos in NYC. HOW are they still alive? It's 20 Degrees!!!
He is like one of my best friends.
bf was watching couch while person who owned it moved away. now she wants back. side note- the couch was in tree of life.
It's a seriously beautiful space...at once old school & modern. And great addition to one Chi's best bldgs.
thanks to you too! :)
So BAD ass lol , watching Men In Black while drinking Men and black limited edition iced coffee from Dunkin' Donuts... <3
Tbh I mostly like the Hunger Games because it's basically "A Structural Theory of Imperialism" for teens.
l <U+2665> your pic
When im up at 5am, im not so nice to early babe :/
Umm...you so better come see me before you go!
Lol. My phone would crack all the way .
#MagicCity is MadMen meets The Godfather ;-}
Weird that a hypothetical Y2K stirred more panic here than the actual collapse of Europe's economy is doing now.
New options trade to be released this Friday, July 16th. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com. Up +28.6% this month!
Tomorrow morning, Thursday, tune into Good day Dallas for a special acoustic performance with PAO! Set your DVR!!!
It's no secret why Romney wants to be President - give more to the 1% and take more from the 99%
Amazing! I have shared it with my LBJ colleagues.
Suprising! RT : 3 of 3. Most online donors switch to #directmail giving in subsequent years.
Are video games getting worse, or am I getting more bitter? Either A money-grabs, or "quirky" indie takes on the platforming genre.
#Romney crowd is annoying me. Waiting for them to go all human microphone.
Thanks!!! RT Protein + fiber filled carbs + healthy fats = stable glucose = #brainpower!
LOL On my 3rd cup of coffee. Sweet elixir of life.
My folks just had to unpack the carefully packed POD b/c it was twice the allowable weight at 12 tons. Something about #hoarders ?
I've wondered about the on/off. Mine seem to go to sleep when the computer is turned off. I never turned them off.
I will soon be the proud owner of size 44 shorts! I am impressed with myself on that.
SAME PERSON XD
thanks buddy -you're okay too!
Thanks, guys! Appreciate it.
Bye #Miami. It's been real. See you son!
next time my mom and dad let me come down and visit I'm going to hide everyone of your shoes.
I hope Joe replys. *Crossing my fingers*
Thank you! RT : welcome and thx for following!
it's cool I don't want a girl with short hair anyway lol. Don't dye it hair
Michael Rennie was ill the day the earth stood still
Somebody Else Will Respect My Loyalty..
Jeremy Thompson, Burnett, Matthews.
Thanks, but will this work if the water has already dried?
RT : Congrats to fellow Madisonians for their big win at the #ETIS12 Innovation Incubator Program last night!
RT : happy birthday! :]>>>Thanks so much, Kerri!
Dave Hoyt of Timbers Army joins us on NWSports tonight at 7:05 to talk about team
Gentlemen, obviously you haven't had yogurt. Real, frozen fruit inside.
sure hope to see you in that Blue and White uniform with Kentucky across the front. Go Cats!!
I Hate When Someone Complains Abt One Of Their Followers , Just Unfollow Them And Shut up .
The winner will be selected at random and this offer is good for NEW and CURRENT actors at our training center. So DM your email to us now!
Rangers or Cards? Who wins game 7?
Free soup at 6:30 and St. Joseph of Copertino levitating at 7 PM.
UFC in the great state of Florida. You know that is a great fit!!!
How is #CitrixSynergy going, Doug?
New attacks for running for Gov 3 times, while he is running for Gov for the 3rd time himself
beat me with my own balloon. in the face. rude.
not surprised in the least. Bury your head in the sand and cross your fingers son. The shit will hit the fan soon.
mmmn...yes. can't be any worse this time around.
nothing better than homemade coconut brittle w/freshly grated coconut&homemade choco cupcakes filled with ganache and whipped frosting
Interactive video allows you find out what your listener wants and deliver a tailored message.
Dudes are acting like Mitch Bades, until your girl gets kidnapped & held for ransom.
You never know what u got until it's gone.
Totally eating my feelings with two Snickers ice cream bars.
RT : Don't forget about our meeting Thursday! All are welcome! Come to in the Short North at noon on Thursday!
My popstar mag says your the definition of 'Gold Coasts Finest' haha. Love you :)
Why the startover button? I clicked it instead of go twice. #notpayingclose attention
No tips for you since the weather sucks
Hm now I'm thinking! RT totally! George stands outside the showroom for a long while!
“: fishing is stupid” Adult kickball is stupid
excep me(; Me no doin it<U+2661>
this place looks and sounds so beautiful!
Oklahoma's Personhood bill fails! #ALEC cries tonight. 99% celebrates. sobs.
It's pandemonium in the carnival meeting. Chapters stop the meeting with chants to pay fair share
Week three of a three-month power block. Next post is on the merits of Small Business Development Centers and the SCORE program.
IT IS NOT THAT EASY
and I hate you
Loved Monday's episode.
i love the Crawfish Etoufee (a bit spicy) always gets the Shrimp Czarina which is also awesome.
Too soon to end the Rogers as a SP pipe dream?
I know exactly what you mean! But my life's the other way.. Like I have all this talent but no one notices it, yah know.
Feds selling off priciest works of art to save cash
cause the suns gonna rise gonna rise
The syllable structure of Russian can be quite complex, as there can be initial and final consonant clusters of up to 4 consecutive sounds.
#ObamaForgot to support the legalization, taxation, and regulation of recreational drug use.
OK, who's having the best Superbowl party I can crash?
#FF Favorites- Thnx to for always mentioning me!
A gorgeous day in Chicago... Stay encouraged, we are praying for you... Chicago Police Department and Superintendent Garry McCarthy!
Welcome new follower !
It would have to be a phone call for at least an hour but I could do that. Email me with what you are thinking about.
please follow me please .
Keys to a win team presentation Tip 4: Team members should all look engaged, supportive and affirming from beginning to end.
6 more papers to go :/
That counts! :) RT : A#1 I did do a "one fee" pub crawl that was pretty cool
we put the finishing touches on my favorite new track today. One more to go!!
I need my own fuckin car
Selena Gomez is my dream girl.
Montee Ball so hard Oregon Ducks wanna fine me
#youngforever is SUCH a good song omg
it's because the clouds trap the warm air down here near the surface so when they're gone, we're exposed to all the cold air.
mom and relaxed today
Hey couple taking self pics while kissing on the metro, STOP IT.
that is cool :)
Thanks to Phoenix Rising #Chicago! Who should our next dance group of the week be?
Ok...we need to talk! Got a potential project.
that guy in the stripes is an Oliver Hardy double
"A bleeding groin does not sound good" - Kevin Harlan
Does anyone else listen to B&S and feel like they are living in the 1970s?
Watch for ppl who focus so much on all your wrongs, the truth behind the matter,they trying to take the focus off theirs.
Umm i dont think so, but Im evan and my bands name is In audika! :]
Oh thats okay. Dont reply to my text. I was just exercising my thumbs... No big deal.
Proud to be new members of the ! Excited to get to know our fellow new members :)
YOLO baby!!! LOL RT : That was cray. She really ran on the court. Lmao what if somebody ran her over
RT : Make sure ya'l follow and support RT
Come & party with me, MOJO BOYZ & DJ SKKI! With a host of other Folk's! MARQUISE TREVON WILSON'S BIRTHDAY BASH. Request me on Facebook!
You all have opened our eyes to lots of things you go through. Were gonna keep makin the music that makes it a little bit better
We're awesome! Hope to see you in class
seriously! When will my pie teleported be ready?!
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (pghha)
which means it's instinctual lol he was born to be a star!
woo stick it to the man aoife!!!
Thanks for the RT!
"BIG ANNOUNCEMENT" - YEAH. Not like i'm a few thousand miles away...so...sorry...but...NOT BIG AT ALL.
JEN jam session happened. Played 2 tunes, & was usurped by a bus load of musicians. It was nice while it lasted. Nite-nite!
I can't stand ms.blewetts voice -.-
A few folks are exploring a multi-wk #DevOps class in Chicago. Think deploy, host, and maintain on Linux. Reply if interested!
“: Want me to throw more food at you?” absolutely.
Can't wait! RT : Let's rock the room 2nite with a fast-paced & lively panel & guests.
how are u today
I Cant Believe Tommorrow The Last Day Of School.
and I'm Always multi-tasking!
You and I will get along just fine RT : If I see Rick Scott on my TV one more time, I swear to god...
Happy Birthday to my Wife Jacinta Shanae a.k.a The Redbone Mona Lisa! Right On!
Great morning practice. Let's hope the second group brings the same intensity and drive as the first group.
did i spell that right lol
BIG TY to those that helped us make our March Match Challenge! Extra special awesome to Sue and Jay Lichter for their generous $5000 gift!
Whoever that person in your twitter picture is , is dangerously goodlooking! tell them to Holla At Me(;
apparently...sadly
“: so fucking hungry, in need of some good ass food … don't judge me ” that you probably won't eat... Lmao
I thought I was starting this day off on a good note...but I guess not!
Incubus and Linkin Park...one concert....Jebus that will be orgasmic!!!!
you know what else is a problem, vomit words.
he is!<33
#WorshipAndTheword is and private music lessons are available. Follow if interested.
Life is like an onion: You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep
#Clinton - #AlQaeda is causing bloodshed in #SaudiArabia, so when do we (#US) deliver our so-called #HumanitarianAID & #NATO?? #URGENT lulz
Looks like there are some seats left here for this free show at the BMA. Get here!
I agree! Babies are totally new to me.
Good morning and Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there and a BIG shout out to all my riders. Newark Bike Blessing today. Go bannanas.
WE HAVE A WINNER! Thanks all the ladies who did Amateur Contest! Another $500 up for grabs next week....
thank you for following us. we think that a child can make a family happy when they can't have children, it's better than abortion!
Thankful for seesters who come to my house to p/u stuff to take to storage while I'm at work.
Haha I should've known. Weezy always be pointing out the obvious.
Still trying to warm up after 35 mile bike. Toes are frozen!!!
Peace in between my sheets.
Any landscape is composed not only of what lies before our eyes but what lies within our heads. – D.W. Meinig
Anthony Wilson, Larry Goldings, Jim Keltner, god damn! Whale LA
I don't care who you are or what you mean to me. Nothing can change my mind about how much I live Austin.
insanity is intense... Even for you
If you ccant be.honest with me then ii guess this is the eend
thanks. I can't be a traitor if I've had one for 3 years. Thanks again. And lastly: garbage.
Les firing Morey would be his worst move as owner - right above firing Jeff Van Gundy.
Hello Fort Scott!
Night Twitter.
have a wonderful birthday :) !!! I love you :)
C-ville, don't be late! Bronzed Chorus are gonna rip up the front end of this bill! And them other guys ain't no slouches neither...
omg that howl is super annoying! its like echoing in my head
When a teacher tweets his/her reach is global and the students feel their passion
imma go put blank sticky notes everyone and every thing around me now :p
RT if you love Austin Carter Mahone.(:
Get on Badgercare and get it treated RT : Somehow I got a zit on my shoulder? Fuckin', Scott Walker!!
I miss my baby <3
The #MissNYUSA Pageant is this weekend! Wishing the best of luck to everyone... can't wait to see who will be the next !
About to hit at Trumpets in Montclair, NJ with Frank Perowsky Big Band...
love it!!
get those registrations for the JPA5k in! Only ONE WEEK left! visit www.juvenile.org to register!
“What offer would you most like to see from us this holiday season?”
you are welcome!
Spinnin at Brush Creek Saloon in Eagle Colorado if your around come hang out
well mate. NYC is a hard little place but you will manage.
Website is up and running!
you said "we". Somebody has a crush! S(<U+FFE3><U+3002><U+FFE3><U+FF89>)<U+FF89>
Let it come and let it be
he's so ugly lol I've been good just bored lol I'm looking for a job.
the secret of life is to appreciate the pleasure of being terribly deceived. -wilde
get a life WESTBORO BAPTIST CHURCH..the funeral wil still go on, and it will still not be about YALL...picketting for no reason.
You guys have no idea how much we appreciate you. Thank you so much for the support over the past years! Will you marry us?
my strange addiction....yeah that will out u to sleep.
waahhh my body is so sore after my first training sesh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
Ran across this Zappa quote today, "Music, in performance, is a type of sculpture. The air in the performance is sculpted into something"
Do you hear this man's voice?! He is the voice!
At #tobykeithsbarandgrill with !!!
Last week for Ankasa's huge moving sale! 60%-90% off everything!!!
Everyone needs money. That's why they call it money.
#DiningbyDesign ends today at 6pm, pier 94 nyc. If you have not checked it out yet, you are missing out.
The Social Hoe
"Let's get hammered and sickled!" - Stalin in college
haha I figured , that's alright though!
I'm pooping. It looks like you. Cc
Everyone had great comments! So much more fun with snark
Make money from the comfort of your home! No Experience Necessary, Weekly Pay, Training Provided. Call at 4pm 218-548-0886 Code: 417091#
Happy Anniversary!!!
I love being alone in a crowd! Thanks for the term.
I love Emery's. Great selection & AMAZING service. They resize my kids bikes every spring for free!
I'm hungry!
Yep, I've been following for awhile now. When I lived in N.O., the Hornets didn't exist, so I never was a fan.
Good Luck Today Going for the sweep!! #SECsoftball Tourney is almost here
Great time for 11 Judicial Circuit Historical Society Reception!
Our first brew is equal parts vodka, cheap beer, and expired orange juice. -JO
nothing really, we just got in an alphabetical line and sat in the auditorium and pretended we were getting our award(:
Walking in with faith
If you want to build something good, pair it back, and focus on making it simple and executed well. Don't over engineer!
We are just about to get started here !
We took our after school youth to Freedom Plaza in D.C. last week so they could get a first hand experience. Very Memorable
My boyfriend told me I had to choose between him and volleyball. I’m really going to miss him . . .
Huge thank you to #TEDxMid 2010 speaker who provided us with an update that was played during the conference yesterday!
How do I keep track of goals? With my MIND
Shh. If the wrong people start poking around in the closets, they'll want to throw things out.
Love Love Love your books!!! <3
ha! Ill let her know of your request :P
It's been a long, trying couple of weeks, but things should settle down a bit now, need to refocus and execute the fundamentals
“: are you still going to attempt to ride it tho?” Fuck yeah!
this niggas name is worldpeace and he's elbowing niggas in the face.
Last night I had a scarily realistic dream that guested on Colbert Report, baby in tow. Sounded great; Stephen was a fan.
I was unawares you could tag someone in your facebook status updates by adding @ in front of their name. Sounds familiar...
Looking forward to the opening tonight!
Finally with my honey after 6 long months! :) Thank you #USSEnterprise for bringing our men & women home safely! Go Navy
did u love wrestling and waffle house ?
I think it's a little silly complaining that there were no back Avengers. The original Avengers had no black members either.
34 members of 's Class of 2012 are graduating Magna Cum Laude.
RIGHT!!!?? Hah ~ I just got some super exciting news so was feeling all inspirational! LOL Have a great one!
“: I just felt super duper gay sending that message to lol” anything for you baby girl ;)
Losing a fight with hail. Badly. WTF Denver? I thought it was spring!
How much like prostitutes do these politicians feel with their billionaire patrons always leaving money on the nightstand?
WHEN IS MY KITTY READY? I WANT IT NOW
Yes! So excited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It's Opening Day!
Hey, pay week!!! Get me a Northface fleece jacket with a hood please. Thanks
gym mats gym matting gym flooring - gym mats flooring
get ready because here I come!
DeJuan Blair is productive late in the game. He has 10 points and 5 rebounds. Gary Neal has 9 points. The Spurs lead 101-68.
Happy cinco de mayo drunken clothing swap...day!
That's Fucked up Truly sad Wtf it aint never that serious
Being single doesn't mean your weak it just means your strong enough to wait for what you deserve
It's spring all around the world. I hope spring comes to America soon. Austerity is built on backs of poor, here also.
New Wordpress Coupon Generator to create and manage Stunning UNLIMITED
Lets see how this goes...
LIU a 2nd half run from making everybody in marchfatness say"F it, crap teams left in the west,eating a whole pizza right now"
Turnovers ate killing us
Last night was by far the best night of baseball I have ever seen!
sounds like a great Saturday night... Enjoy!
Drink more water
Brain Floss: Toothbrushes should be replaced every two to three months and after illnesses like a cold or flu.
u going tonight??
"What You Think When Your Mom Leaves You In The Line To Get Something: HOLY CRAP. WHAT IF SHE DOESN'T COME BACK AND THEY ASK ME TO PAY?"
Shake that ass girl - Ke$ha :)
promise, I cant wait for california.
I'm working so no Mifflin for me...
Desirable Mag is a luxury fashion magazine. Come check out our site desirablemag.com
cool but why can't you add me?
That would be on B-3
Tam you can always reach me. I have a google number now. 619-537-8812. It is a VM. Use if you can't contact me.
no : ( next time ill be home is july 1st. big party for july 4th?!
softball time! ice will prob be moved from my ass to my arm tonight, I'm falling apart
Its the 90s and im watching hey arnold
Thanks, Lu. I appreciate you giving me a cold to say thank you for the great birthday.
From Lavery? Awesome! Let me know how it is.
Emerging from Lyme Disease-induced social media blackout...slowly.
Ask kids if they all want new iPads, but to get them, they have to put a CocaCola logo in the classroom. Teachers love that.
this sweet house in Brewers Hill. Plumpers and I are taking our friendship to phase two!!
The butcher committed a crime against teriyaki. For shame.
Women's Yellow Pages , distributed throughout Southwest Pa, digital version @ www.womensindependentpress.com
Ima start a riot ima start a riot....
Know a writer/social media marketer? We're hiring DM for details.
awesome thanks!
This boy is so rude.
RT : Even when the pain is great, the goodness in your life is greater.
Good to see you, too, Jeff.
....Happy-Healthy New Year to you too!
Just finished live wire by harlen coben .... highly recommended
RT : Office of says he'll make "major announcement" at 5:30 pm Saturday in Isle, Minn.
His son's a disembodied intelligent vagina, right?
#shabazzpalaces and #OCNotes, wish I was there.
damn thats how u feel bro?
Off to pick up my kids. Yay, working lights & no potholes between here & school. Thankgoodness for taxes
YAY!!!!!! #MBAVseason2 is coming soon!!!!Im so excited possibly too excited but who cares!!!!;);););)
Now THAT! We can agree on...
for The Wanted! If you could be a female pop star for a day who would it be and why?! :D ps. I love you!
have a great week w They need to make this move already!!! Tweet it everyone!!!
I'm back!!! and someone unfollowed me. lol
We are tremendous fans of 's creative work. We would love to do an interview with you for our magazine!
forgot to say thanks for bringing tapp to san diego for awesome event. thanks for hosting.
Monday: lazy. Tuesday: lazy Wednesday: lazy. Thursday: bored. Friday: happy. Saturday: hyper. Sunday: bored.
lol sorry I haven't been online much...but Hey! lol
Having a case of the Wednesdays? Tomorrow's almost here and it's Pre Payday Thursday! You can get $2 off of any combo. See you tomorrow!
can i put your twitter on OUR facebook page? (:
LAST OF A DYING BREED <U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
but i still love them!!
Love watchin' my wife's face when is singing. We just can't get enough of you guys. You guys are fantastic!
well, I might add that normal would be boring. That's not :-)
so true, and maybe even did some of the breaking.
Don't get caught in the rain hailing a cab in Boston today! Use coupon code TWITTER2010 for 50% off your first ride!
That's what I'm talking about!
crazy well have a good day :)
Hahaahahahahah, we just went to taco bell and the drive thru lady wouldnt stop cracking up...xD
thanks man! Same to you.
Don't miss out! Visit the Hirshberg Training Team booth#716 at the #LAMarathon Expo & receive a FREE massage from !!!
I don't think I can watch Bethenny anymore. It's like watching their divorce play out live. Way too uncomfortable!!
Hey Dave thanks for the question, I’m currently working with bars and restaurant in downtown Cleveland & West park station.
I'll be amazed if I don't go for a third cup by the end of the day cc:
Yay! Glad you're getting started, Melissa! So wish I was there at #AllWrite with you all!
Who are your hunk co-hosts next week. How about getting Malcom Gets (Bdwy/TV star) to co-host -- He's in NYC & he's such a cutie!
Google made their analytics interface worse? How could they make it worse? How was it possible to make it worse?
There is nothing better than spending time with old friends. Love my girls!
Anonymous indeed. ;)
Warm Wishes!
I did wear the purple shirt with a blazer jacket and business pants to court today thanks to (: see my shirt went to good use! Haha
I love Wash!
why not the 21st of July :(
follow me<3 Please.
you know desire gonna be working when you gey there
All is right in the world after last nights win! Now on to great games in the ACC tourney.
Drum roll please
Arguably the best film about an automaton in a1930s Paris railway station you'll ever see...
Reminds me of the Prussian Army - the one that had a state
That's what i'm saying RT : Out of all people Blake?? Nough said
Thanks for the follow Peter!
There's a word for that - Psithurism: the sound of wind in the tress or rustling leaves. via
Once again i was the only guy with a wild camo jacket at the meeting lol
Looks great with the denim jacket!! So fun.
awesome idea.
Be sure to get it in an Old English script across your stomach.
What's up today
Sweet!! I got no school Wednesday and Thursday, ill be at citi field wednesday
Tweet at us about your first #Ziptrip and we may send some driving credit your way!
Excited to host 's Chief Academic Officer, Heidi Ramirez, and her senior team for their retreat at our office.
come back
And you're tweeting...haha this is interesting. Perhaps this discussion will have something to do with the exam to come?
I got a LOT done at my place last night. Thanks to my mom, step dad, and aunt:-)
congrats on yor success. Good luck building on it in 2010
Go Bruins! RT That's the kind of reckless effort that wins playoff games. HUGE goal to tie this thing.
And don't forget rude and controlling
it is so big dog
Test-driving the new dashboard. Pretty slick. The "engaged time" metrics are especially interesting.
watching "the fighter" sorry but i dont recomend it.
I actually made it up to Lake Co. before the rain hit.
What if, instead of cap and trade, we just tap into geothermal energy instead?
just makin sure you can find us..... this my page all day...... bout 2 send u one of my new tracks
Still not using the paint. Kobe needs to comeback when he suppose to be getting more rest.
Together Everyone Achieves More.
You're SO on point my friend, I want to retweet everything!! :)
I had them too. Shit didn't work. Im on my second bottle of Vicodin. I don't wanna get addicted.
Thinking about doing a retweet contest.... Any suggestions for a prize?
but going back and forth with the gate agent will get u nowhere but left at the gate
am I too late?
So, Paris was sort of ridiculously amazing. Let's see what Krakow has for us...
Thanks, for those kind words and the #FF. Really nice.
Library GRIND BOLD flavor is Blue Heeler!
girl i'm bout to bop yo Venezulean ass into next tuesday then you really goen say it feel like your very first CROAK
$2.00Tuesdays Elevated Lounge.ALL drafts:$2.00. 25 cent hot wings and FREE pool w/purchase of any reg. menu item.Late nite w/12Tribe
Fundamentally incapable of having fewer than 12 tabs open at a time. True child of the internet.
If my 3.1 seconds in the sack lasted as long as 3.1 seconds at the end of a playoff basketball game I'd be a fucking stud.
": Guess I'll Get Sky High & Watch Matilda :)"<<<<love that movie!
Free Massages by this Sat May12 at the #FREE #Health & #Fitness Expo in Look for the booth!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
haha well you've got a week or two to figure it out :)
#thingsigetalot u must workout
I'll give him that.
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction. -Al Bernstein
I'm here with Christa to visit the Black Metropolis Research Consortium tomorrow!
Sorry Newt. I'm pretty sure the Irish speak English.
Coach Cal is so entertaining to watch during the game. Go
- check 's feed
Listening to Mary and Holly from awfullibrarybooks.net and seeing some great examples of titles well-worth weeding.
Niggas are like buses.
#FirstDateRules i cant wait til me n go on r 1st date!
Perfect day for $10 buckets and free pool!!
Just signed with the bulls, finally in a good city
thanks man! i'm lucky things have been working out well so far. next step is to start making money so i can keep this up...
tens of thousands are being helped find out how www.timothylucero.com
yes you do
The #EuroCup is always the same year as the Summer Olympics and the #WorldCup is with the Winter Olympics
ha ha whatever
Three huge free throw misses. Damn.
waiting on documents from Ala archives and researcher in Macon MS..the anticipation is killing me..like a kid at Christmas time
Niggas rap about the block but I'm on it....IF YU KNEW IT WASN'T REAL THEN WHY YU WROTE IT
I have something new in the works. Hoping to get it out and in the world sooner than later.
What you're doing is incredible and inspiring. Way to go. Rock out!
just landed in Lubbock,TX. Spending much quality time with my family
Anyone else #running today?? #6amclub -- CHECK!
Yea unfollowed me too. Unfollower is the shit. It shows u immediately so u can unfollow back.
just followed u....ugh
lots of stuff; less PC resources to run, uses more GPU, new camera raw 7, Wide Angle Lens Correction to fix distortion....
Opening exhibition game at the new stadium was fantastic! Way to show them what you're made of Panthers!!
Bitch I know Santa, I'ma tell him to put you on his naughty list.
Oh man I just saw the BEST anti-marijuana PSA. Like goddamn was that straight out of the 70's?
I don't like when random unknown dudes tweeting me shit in retaliation. That gets you blocked...
I am recovering nicely from being Pepper-Sprayed at Walmart. I would have let her skip in line if she had just asked.
Playing metal guitar with distortion up at 10
that's crazy
when will EA Sports finally create a beer league softball game? Give the people what they want!
With muh girl tonight and party at tomorrow! #doesntgetbetter <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
On the dark side of YouTube stumbled across a video of Cleveland from Family Guy spitting Ross' verse from "Ima Boss".
Truly fabulous day w/incredible art, new Central Asian rooms
I would love to, but I just committed to a kinda workish thingy for next Wednesday. I bet it will be awesome though!
possibly. Would ever let a guy stick their penis in your anus?
Was the Voting Close for NBA MVP between LeBron James & whoever was Runnerup (Kevin Durant) etc?
Pray for the 6-year-old boy
It's for Coppin State who lost by 1 to Texas to almost make the Sweet 16 in 1997
Saturn moves into #libra today for a two year stay. Manners, protocol, and fair negotiating are on the agenda.
Can this day be over already? I'm ready for some of delicious snacks, one that is cold and Ink!
I had to read up on the benefits of wheatgrass again to convince myself the taste is worth it. Ugh... death in liquid form <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
who doesn't know how to run bases? What a sad farewell to the Metrodome...
Which polling place? (regardless, that's good)
I got to see this weekend! :)
Chipotle always wins. ALWAYS.
Dude. The scene when the T-Rex knocks the jeep over in Jurassic Park still gives me nightmares.
At hilton san francisco. Ibm Smartcloud conference. #ibmtechu. The pureflex sessions are on.
New 3 Course Chef's Tasting Menu coming up tomorrow. Stay Tuned!
"She said I don't care if you're 80, you'll always be my baby"
miss loretttta i'm ready for the rest of the tour
So Helen keller walks into a wall
Packers win it!! woot!!
Aww, thanks so much! :D youre too sweet.
Is he out then? Safely I hope.
thank you!:)
sorry etwas behind, yes I am still in, tent or hotel I don't care, well let's say I prefer hotel but I camp too
I think should have a button that lets you indicate if you've been on a (bad) date with a person, so it knows who you dont like.
is at the car repair shop waiting for my car to get fixed. Hangar for the muffler broke.
thanks for the props Pita Bros
Carnell Lake A-Phi-A RT : “: Roll Tide!!!!! ”GOMAB” Hey keep that off my TL! Please & Thank you
Top secret stuff. Mainly ingenius ideas and racing old guys for donuts. You know just the usual.
How is #Tiger helping the #Vegas sportsbooks? WWW.ussportspages.com
Man, my back sucks. Cadillac is too small for these road trips. In indiana somewhere catching a break, hour and a half or so to go.
JESUS - The original and PERFECT example of love. Make Him your first love. <U+2665>
For the first time since John Elway was the quarterback in Denver, opposing teams view playing the Broncos’ quarterback as playing the best.
If you're in PDX Friday @ 7:30, head to Powells to hear scribe David Javerbaum read from The Last Testament-A Memoir by God
Need coffee... Must find pants...
It took me a while too. You can't exactly skip a stone from Steve Kurtz to Cy Twombly!
In Colorado for Blago's arrival to federal prison. I'll be on bright n early tomorrow morn!
let's get the other 3 in on this too.
'Cause I'm as free as a bird now. And this bird you cannot change.
Sex is healthy
Ooh. Good to know.
Yeah, shame, way too young. All good here, how are you keeping?
Haha, phew!! And absolutely! I has so much fun, and it was great to meet you!!
On a real note, miss you ladies! Pool Party maybe soon?
do 9 seasons. Fucking classic show.
Stream with us! We are the REAL mobile streaming providers! No other company can deliver in 1-step! Contact us to learn the FACTS!
Had a lot of fun teaching Photoshop as a guest instructor to Ft. King Middle School's Journalism class. Thank you for a great visit!
Toronto is expecting up to 2 cm of snow tonight. I never was much of a fan of the metric system, is that a lot?
The high temperature was 113 degrees here today. Went ice skating and enjoyed the cool contrast.
Learn not to know.
"How are the academics in the Mars League?" I asked . "Cucumber buttermilk heartflowers!" he replied.
Working hard!
Thanks for the mention ... and the follow!
Not at school today. :)
Gov would consider any "vital programs" affected, but suggested much of the $ from the settlement w/ banks would have been used for lawyers.
MIKE! Welcome to twitter!!! Are you addicted yet?
Digging rebelution's latest album
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Metally dating my crush.
so. dog? yes? no? tell me about why i should or shouldn't adopt a dog.
I just have my iPhone account which is the lavendergirl68 one that you are welcome to add if you ahven't already. TBC
Think I'm gonna have to go the doctors tomorrow....
Worst part about starting a new job is feeling totally lost and useless! I miss knowing what the heck I'm doing.
I know the problem. Really enjoying the book though. :) So many books, so little time.
where can I find the story on the 2001 best jobs if you want to save the world... on the web??
following back bro
so you're in Houston?
My phone is broke i am going to get a new one asap
and its MY fault
we'll be back tonight ! Idk what time.
Thanks for following & the great mention!!
HEY (: im following u now (: follow back ?
25% of people on food stamps,40% of people on Medicare,43% of people on unemployment don't believe they are using a socialist, Govt program
": The time you take worrying about the next man should be the time you use to better yourself"
lets go Dallas!!!!!
okay sounds good
Dear God... Please let what happened today NEVER happen again. Thank you & Amen.
agreed. I walk
Anschutz Willing to Buy NFL Team: Report
My heart literally sunk when he said "oh no-u can't come to my church"--esp after how much he talked about it. it made me wonder..
Girl in the next car over
could u follow back
it's lunch time...myfitnesspal.com awesome!
Lord knows I'm looking forward to much better days...
Even Insomniacs sleep
I NEED to see The Avengers. Soon.
Hi Jim.What makes that stat scarier(from your vantage point) is that 4 of those 14 #yankees errors were from 1 player(sent down)
Man I'm tripping........Well not tripping daydreaming ........
Oookkkkaaaaay! RT": lets see what happens tonight"
thanks for being here for us.
Did you know Benjamin Franklin, Isaac Newton, Charles Dickens and Winston Churchill all suffered from insomnia?
Hip hop will never be the same
we've got something for you this weekend thats straight from Heaven! And you're never gonna guess what's gonna happen!!
Ah ok got chu
wow booth looks great!
At knotts for halloween haunt!!!! <U+E11B><U+E445><U+E107>
Follow Me Please!? 54
Queuing up Monday for home opener, whilst reviewing The Day The World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson
that's a great view
I can't wait for the concert!
cause this black kid was triying to fight my friends and then it escalated into a beat down .-. yeah......
At the game sleepy
Fakers don't last in this industry.
How's tiger doing?
hell nah
Ok just makin sure you got it
are you coming to our #Women-Owned #Business #Networking Social on 3/20 ?
Someone get me a red velvet cake for my birthday
watching beauty and the beast is always a good idea
New icon <U+2665>
Hahahaha, I love you. “: that was the snobbiest, princessy-est most awkward and strange tweet ever. i'm actually sorry.”
yea that's all it is, aux is just a general term for something that adds to, n this case a radio. Usb is the most universal
Haha ah, well I hope you enjoy the candy!
I'm actually entertained by the bickering...
big meetings today for domenicos bday bash and upcoming parties
will not be leaving Baltimore/DC for broadcast opportunities TFN!
I dont know what to get my stupid ugly awesome husband for his bday. Maybe I will just give in & finally play Small Worlds with him. :-)
the pleasure is all mine, nothing like a Jesuit education!!
my <3 belongs to one one girl :)
Hey bro, I got your message. I friended you on facebook. I'm the guitarist and vocals for Confession Of A Sinner. Mark Kelly
Yay finally got a new iphone cause mine broke on saturday soo happy :)
<3 ahaha I wish we could give ya a hug through twitter! Thanks for being so awesome!
always enjoy looking at photography and had fun at his open studio tonight
wow you're the third person who said River Place! I must look into it now! I've been looking for half a year now. Still am
Today has been great so far!
Goodnight I'm fucking tired
You know I still can't believe we both did some things that I don't even wanna think about.
modeling was a lotta fun earlier (: considering i was like shaking the entire time aha. i'm horrible in front of tons of people.. :S
Every day is a gift from God. Thank HIm for it and enjoy it to the fullest. www.lindaswift.net
Shit, I can't get a head coaching job and I'm sick of that douche bag Bielema... I'm in. “: Who the fuck should I hire?”
did u know Gloria Estefan's new music video emulated several scenes and themes from the RHP Show?
one man's reeking...
We got a show coming up at Studio 21in Rocklin! Get at us for tickets.
So cold waiting for bus my earbud cord froze stiff
i wouldnt mind a nice cold beer right now!
no donut, herbal tea :)
I've noticed that since the weather has been so nice I've been dressing cuter, and I haven't been in a bad mood <U+E056><U+E04A>
Education must be a priority in the US and higher education cost must be monitored "it's an imperative"!
Lol, I just noticed there hasn't been on Avengers movie ad during the Avengers show, what's up with that?
"My Country" by the tune-yards should be the new National Anthem. Or Radiohead's "National Anthem"
#highfashion and im wearing something just like that to the concert!
unless its shown in public
how many tweets from people do you get each day? how many right now? follow me? (:
Wish I had fake boobies so I never have to wear bras
Yeah, I spoke w/the accountant this morning and she advised me of the same thing.
What do you do when you come up with the perfect acronym for something business related...and it's, shall we say, prurient & inappropriate?
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music. — Ronald Reagan
not sure how many diseases I am catching while cleaning this bathroom...
Corncob pull-ups are my new nemesis.
oh Algerbra 2 talking about cookies??
lol - tons of tears this morning, trust me ;-)
gonna be a great day(;
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter it was just to follow and I had no clue what #hashtags were
Successful MLM prospecting is through promotional marketing not selling. They either see it or they don't. Just say next!
I think #Obama officially fucked up all chances for a black president to be elected again
Eek that sucks!! Im looking so much for the weekend show tomorrow its not even funny XD
Every "thank you" is pretty much "thank you for not being a dick." Our collective fear.
I will never take a Fox Sports Network channel seriously until they get rid of the lame NFL Robot.
Read my tweet!!
just did!(:
The greatest 15 months with <3
going to the Aveda store then I'm free
I swear I always feel better after I go for my jogs
My Chicago Bears cap caused quite a stir at Central Market this AM. Go Bears!
Tweet that tweetybird
And for that last tweet, I don't care how old she is
What about just finding one bag that's ergonomic?
LOL. Isaac, reveal yourself!
DID JUSTIN AND SEL BREAK UP
can play multiple instruments at one time.. with his beard
I'm just trying to be a decent person.
Another shitty day in a shitty life
paranoid is what you are
Anyone who is anyone in #Journalism is here at the NYU Arthur L. Carter Journalism Institute, 20 Cooper Square, 6th Floor in NYC!!
My neighbor made up with her BF after their brawl on Saturday. She personally told me by repeatedly screaming "DEEPER" in Russian.
He alone loves the Creator perfectly who manifests a pure love for his neighbor. -- St. Bede the Venerable
Uh-oh... Deckfeasts on Twitter. :)
there are USPS boxes throughout terminal 1. Check a directory for exact locations.
Welcome aboard www.autoglasslocator.com and Thank You for your business!
Wave-Stars, Jr.Gulls-LJ Jaguars, OCHC-Jr.Ducks for A ... in addition to new NorCal GSE and Jr. Kings-LAHC. whew!
2011 is definitely starting out right! Growth and more growth for Oklahoma Home Repair! Come see us at www.oklahomahomerepair.com today!
follow me?(:
Tonight<U+25CF> Move the Crowd: Hip Hop Affirmations, 6:30pm – 8:30pm @ Devlin 008. Author, Mike Bruny, will explore the power of the spoken word.
i know in 120 miles away but i can smell the nasty piss smell of that shitty stadium all the way from madison. Wrigley = dump
Im Placed my bet on Mayweather yet im working... #wishiwantworking RT : Whats your #money on?
implying he's being fake. Soo.
For MW book we added new types for papers and references. No code required.
I would follow you, but you blocked me. RT : OK guys this is the real me. Please do not follow the parody accounts of me.
that's good!:) ur almost there
Get 1 Free Dessert per table with purchase of entree when you check into Oz Korean BBQ on your Yelp, Foursquare, or Facebook phone apps!
So just used 'being overwhelmed by tacos' as an excuse for being late to work the merch table. Should I fire her?
where da loud smokers at
LOL! I agree!
you better not ! -_-
RT The alternative is to do what the reality is not capable of doing. Always my goal Thank You!
crazy cold outside if u dont have to leave stay home warm in your bed :)
the new season of sinqle ladies , may 28th ! they shulda kept stacey dash doe .
Tonight Is On The Beltway For A Party of All Party's KING OF DIAMONDS!!!!!! A B-More Get Ready.....
#WhatPelosiKnowsAboutGingrich He is actually "Xenu," dictator of the "Galactic Confederacy"
Yeah I been back for a minute now
My group was also small, but one dynamo in the mix gets them all going. He really has only one gear.
The big #calmail fail is just crazy.
I LOVE women ... I just think men are superior thats all
It's nice to see Sean Young's name in the papers again.
The Ace Hardware we opened.
#Loex2012 How to write press releases, Tweet professionally, be bold, move quickly to post content & prepare to go viral, & protect brand
We are working on getting the Broadcast Minds video up on YouTube ASAP. ;)
Yea I've been thinkin about him
#YouTube importer now live in Scalar: Stripe > Tools > Import. This week we'll wrap up pagination of the import results.
MT : A3: Driving conversions is key for us. Conversion usually means diff things to diff brands.
Got kicked out of the fucking makeup room. Omg I'm so pissed.
i literally just laughed out loud. but let me know if it's good. i wanna see it.
I'm one leg rest short of paradise
I hope there is some cursory investigation going on.
Memphis was up by 27 and hitting everything. Then the Clippers just went crazy and came back. Is this a great comeback or an epic fail?
o Hell naw..they ugly
Dude. I left Miami in 2008. You're late :-)
Take time to let your ideas blossom. Do not be so quick to dismiss!
Excited that our company Holiday party is this weekend. We get to have drinks and dinner with the dinosaurs!
recovering from a wicked cold but I'm feeling up to writing tonight! Got another 1.5k words in addition to some research. You?
Yo Christian! I've narrowed it down to Wed the 23rd and Sun the 27th (May) but I need info from you. Email or FB?
Thank you so much for inviting us!
So stressed and confused! Gosh. #exboyfriendprobs <<<
RT Frequently remind readers that climate change is only a theory, like cell theory, kinetic theory and theory of gravity.
Wis. Assembly to take up bill Tuesday stopping potential expansion of voucher program to Green Bay, elsewhere.
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)38
you need a nap after those grits
Right!! I was so freaking mad!!!
i have a sinking feeling that i'm going to have to review all of my sources in the next week and a half.
getting a paper cut on your toe >>>>>
they were right....haste does make waste
What are your New Years resolutions?
yes - that would be sweet. You game?
“: Omg cannot believe I just found the Latin American Studies office an hour...." everything's coming up roses ;)
Have you ever wanted to meet yourself and see yourself from someone else's point of view?
i hear you on that...
I totally need to check this out! Thanks for the tip! It's amazing how small accelerators like CMD-0 can help so much
Do it!
They really were such a sweet couple, though.
Thanks, Kate. I left my knitting at my sleeping site anyway. First (adult) sweater! Are you going to Battledecks tonight?
Of course. What kind of man would I be without the lash of the whip?
I think I hear on the Chicago Skyway!
do it big tonight! congrats on the awesome job :) huge things are happening this year already
new to twitter!!! looking for people who tweet about the fashion industry. wati until you see what we have in store for you!
Wrong! That's my wife! ;)
Good Morning Tweeters
I heard that some unknown kids playing in an unknown area came in contact with an unknown plant and developed an itchy rash
yup. just replied
Lmao yeah I call my friends mi hita? :,D So your mi Hito! ^.^
Figure it out Dallas.
Weather feels great
Cole Hammels fined over 400k for drilling Bryce Harper?! The MLB better not go soft like the NFL
Just want to recognize , tho 123K already do. We disagree at times, but he's always astute, witty, & quintessentially
Just did the John Yowell Marine call after eating something spicy.
hi there.
: What's Nabby's Twitter account?
of all the music on my iPhone, what is making me smile? "Performarnce" by MC Spandex.
And to think there are children that dont have clothes. I guess it's just the fabric from which your cut.
President Obama is announcing a new United States-Japan Joint Statement, with Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda.
MISS YOU
Niggas is crazy
Hope you guys are having a wonderful weekend!
Jst got off from work and I'm sleepy af
That, sir, is a good idea. Got any connections?
I would totally buy a similar owl travel mug if only they made them in grown-up sizes ;)
i wish we didn't have to go to school and we were just born smart. i wonder how life would be then....
I love being angry when I'm working out....I love taking my anger out in the gym best stress reliever
Hey #pdxmusic/#indiescene! We could all learn a thing or two from these highschoolers.
I so agree!
Yes, but they are mostly a continuation of Bush's policies. RT Obama’s policies have disproportionately affected [Latinos]
when is it over?
did that just really happen
put it on twitter so I can see it!:)
I hear watching #packers helps #gmat scores
Get down to Lunar/Launch tonight - I will be DJing downstairs and my PIC will be upstairs!
please e-mail for a short-term temp assignment
*BIG SQUEEZY HUG!*
“: i would have gave up anything for you .. and now we dont even talk?.. how the f*ck did it get to that?”
yay! great to hear!
Fifteen more minutes. Why does time move so slowly?
When there is love, the possibilities are endless.
I can't wait to see in Knoxville next month. #soexcited #TNboy #cutie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Your pretty darn Intelligent Yourself!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
you don't know you're beautiful!
Missing my family this morning, but I have the joy of witnessing children baptisms Nice to see youth go public!
Looking fwd to joining on 's LawLibConvo this Fri.
"Experience tells you what to do; confidence allows you to do it." -- Stan Smith, Tennis Champion
I can't wait for the first meeting of the semester tomorrow! It will be in PSFA 200 at 7p.m.
Digging the music babe! Keep it up!
10 Facebook tips: 1.No one like a shitty troll
I love the snow. <U+2665>
it was a smashing success can wait till the next one!
Im really thinking about going, but ill have to talk to you guys to plan everything out
stil!!!! when do you come back??!?!
Just make sure it doesn't poke anyone in the crowd in the eye.
Thanks for the tip! I was behind the registration desk at the time, so I missed it in person. :) Also a nice name-check for
had an awesome time performing the cantata Behold by Dr Loretta Mangrum
double feature of Kill Bill Vol. 1 & 2 today at my apt. @ 4PM! There will be Miramax giveaways & homemade crunchwrap supremes :D
What's to the right of the pretzels? Also, Kit Kat is good ANY time of the day.
I couldn’t have picked a more perfect place to experience a true tropical Hawaiian vacation for my first family vacation....
Mammoth 13, Bandits 12 after 3 quarters at the First Niagara Center.
Sorry about that! Did the problem happen again? What version are you using?
To the world, you may be one person; but to one person, you may be the world
hi Kiki, our site is mobile friendly, you have to cancel and still click play to view...
Tomorrow: chocolate, cheese, wine and meet the cheesemonger and chocolate maker! Come on in!
#factswithoutwikipedia Nuclear Winter a myth invented by Soviets. Nuclear Indian Summer a well documented after effect of nuke testing
Can we get down on a personal level
Hey Jonathan! I think that your Twitter account may have been hacked? Unless you meant to send me a DM re: Viagra?
sorry I wasn't on twitter follow 4 follow?
we have cornered the suspect and we confirm that it does have extra pickles
Good season Hawks. Next year.
My only concern with cutting the nets down for number 8 is the play of Marquis Teague.
the table always has room for you and Geek Royale!
Happy Birthday to Whitney Houston....The Voice...thank u.for ur artistry and REALNESS..
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you hear some old lady say yay Victoria's secret!
follow us! We are the only Carrie & Lauren twitter.
Omg ,ok if you gone have your ass out in a pic ,please make sure your underwear is not shity
such a classic! One of my all time favorite movies in the entire world of movies. ha.
I'm gone! We were told to bail early...so I did :) It was good to see you though!! Coming back soon?
aha , what did i get for mines ? But Happy Birthday tho(:
Don't get your twitter career ended before it begins, oh and by the way
Community colleges should train data science/curation assistants.
Damm that sucks!
I get home from work, first news i hear from my sister...my 9 y/o bro slammed his left thumb while closing the car door. It's broken.
Power is the ability to walk away from what you desire to protect what you love. - Michael Bailey
RT : old news, but I just saw #THATCamp Bay Area alum is first US employee.
Tomorrow is the day! Birdy&#39;s on keystone and 71st street. Hope to see you there for a great night of awesome local music!!
Tonight is a ukulele night.
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts. - Arnold Bennett
It's already here! Lets get the word out and wake up the world!
Tune in to the radio show Thursday morning around 8:30. We will be talking to him about our new series on
That bat did not die a hero.
you didn't miss that much....
Thanks for the mention!
FUNNY STEVE
LIKE, IDK MAN BUT PATTIE AND JEREMY HAD GREAT SEX OK. JUSTIN IS FLAWLESS. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
now I think I need a 3rd twitter account: 1 for business, 1 for fun, 1 for making myself look better than I really am.
get your ass back down here to drink Da'Tonsies
Back in LA. After great conference of linkshare in SF. Impressive number of fantastic client they introduced Pixspree to! Thx
went to the #Avs game tonight and got to see the Avs better Halves and oh my god there all really pretty
What is beyond that spot where sky and sea meet
When you need to wake up, your bed feels like a fucking cloud.
Please come visit me for #DenverRestaurantWeek! I need to see some of the cool kids to get me through Restaurant Half Month!
where you running yours? Now we're addicted...
Where are all my red carpet tweeps??
Such a word filled day. Time to make a massive mess in my kitchen :)
As long as you stay on your coast. I have the west on lock with my corner. #SALES!!!
I am typing this from my very first iPhone. My life is forever changed!
615-496-3044<<---FANS in j'ville,this # belongs to 'Tony'(Blues cafe j'ville beach)He keeps dismissing my attempts to perform at the cafe!
emailed you a couple of songs!
Even if women came with a set of instructions, men would toss them aside without reading them.
We'll see ya tuesday ;D
-What security concerns? He's probably safer there than anywhere in the US.
Extra innings in Japan! Already pulled the all-nighter... why not keep it going? #mariners #a's
hey there! thanks for the s/o and the music! luv it
aw, how are you ?
I'm sure NH Repubs will really appreciate Huntsman's proficiency in Chinese. Wait, no they won't.
True story for this owner. RT : #FunFact - 80% of dog owners buy their dog a present for holidays and birthdays.
Why am I having such a hard time starting my first paper?! #ulcamlis #panicking Associative indexing is defeating me...
I think you got hacked. I got one of those weird "Hey somebody is saying terrible things about you..." DM's from you. Sorry. ):
Who cares.
What's the one Thanksgiving meal side dish you can't live without?
Trying to work with Surpass ILS. Really hate products that are designed to be idiot-proof. They're generally only idiot-friendly.
Awesome weather to be filming biking stuff in. Hope DUMBO looks as great at sunset tonight as I remember.
I have a friends coming to Boston from Australia what is on from 10/8/10 till 10/23/10 need suggestions
ATTN: my apologz re: the little espaNol spam baby th'has been hitt'n frnz 10/a day. In talks w'how to have spam baby removd entirely. Tnx.
I got throttled by AT&T and switched to Sprint.
We will see..
are you in Atlanta
i agree. it would be great to have twitter get togethers in different places!
Pearl Interactive Network hires veterans, military spouses, the disabled, and those from economically challenged areas with at-home jobs
What are you waitin' for?! Grab the puccias before they are gone!!! 1/2 off select Puccias!!!!!!
I am coaching the MP Tigers in the Richmond Little League. ANy love you
ass so fat
Correct. We'll get there - working out details of allowing for better ordering/filtering of lists in the future.
Bathe in the coffee-rain!!
Going to #ABCA Anaheim? Stop by PBI booth 405 & demo our website for baseball academies. Increase your bottom line by using PBI!
Exactly! So we have to win these games!
Does anybody even play Angry Birds anymore?
thanks for invite assswipe
Hello San Diego!
thx! I had fun at the game with Team Patsos!
Lets go spurs lets go
hm I will let our website people know of this issue! Thanks for the heads up. Good luck on your search
I colored my hair!
She ain't selfish about me tho.
The world will little note nor long remember what we say here
Thought about it, but then I figured I didn't want a video of me frowning and skipping floating around the internets.
Well, hurry up, so I can come visit you in Amsterdam!
Thank you!
Oh, might have been where I went wrong. RT : Not my brain, no, just the writer's block.
Tonight! Conditions, Diamond, Life On Repeat, Late Night Habit, Fixtures Music starts at 6pm $12.00
Your Auntie Is The BEST!!! Check Out My Twitcon What You Think?
wow what a night u had. And is that a Hitachi magic wand there I see there on the corner?
HAHA I think so too. Thanks bud!
HillaryClinton You inspire me.
Would love to meet for lunch! Or Happy Hour cocktails by Edge??
A pigeon is trapped under the netting on the platform at the Tarrytown Metro North station. It's lain two eggs and is cooing for help.
MSLP technical alert price was at .0167 on alert thing is picking up steam
oh, so I kept trying and eventually I got one in section 4 which is in the middle! and in row B, which is near the front!
But that's tweets, not people.
Sadly, I was unable to attend (though I really wanted to go). I've perused the report.
Honestly if we have plans and you told me youd text me then don't text me all day.... I'm looking for different plans
I’ve always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best. -A. Olajuwon
Closer look at #pdxmayor 's race with of on at 7pm
Hope chris asks mikey my question 99.9999% that he won't! :( PLEASE CHRIS ASK MIKEY MY QUESTION!!!
I may or may now be playing Pokemon Gold right now thanks to you finding that on
Life without facebook>>>>
I should probably take those when I have stressful bath's.
Still deciding on accommodation. I'd love to camp, but the nearest KOA is miles away. I'm thinking Galt House. Recommendations?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BESTEST BROTHER EVER ! love you joe
Richter: "Spring makes everything young again except man." -- Happy Easter!
i think we're multiple: even the online/offline selves are often blended as worlds enmesh. i interact w/ppl in both.
Heading to office late Sunday afternoon. #tshirtstoprint & #cdstomake. #goodproblem to have. Thankful for all the CD/DVD & t-shirt printing
I love RadioLab, haven't missed an episode yet. Awesome! Thanks for the rec.
Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success
Are you replacing it with a new dslr?
#youandtequilamakemecrazy is making me crazy right now!! Obsessed.
Sorry. I promise it's been raining for a month. Better?
I'm such a night person <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
Chicago audition was brutal yesterday... Shakespeare & Velveeta Cheese?
Big Ben’s guilt or innocence is not the issue for me he will have to deal with that
Con mi boyfriend. <U+2665>
how many days until I can ski?
An #Expos cap & a #RedSox jersey? Really? Boston has some interesting fashion in the stands.
is tomorrow gonna be another live Saturday??? O BUT OFCOURSE IT IS.!!!!!!
thank you!!
planning our wrap party now - play = work
calls it..As it is
your overqualified! Haha
Broncos! WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!
oh is it now
um, is 8:30 am too early for #winestorming?
Space sickness has passed.
KoleDo's M&A of The Week! Mixtape: Meek Mill- Dreamchaser2 15)Face Down #FavSong Album: B.o.B- Strange Clouds 4)Both of Us
I really want the #no strings attached DVD
Oh...ok. Got it. It doesn't matter what you write about, as long as you write. ;)
Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7:30am - 1pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
<sending Aaron gallons of paint-remover> Wishing you the very best of luck with that look, darling!!
MY Devils are up 3-0, but, courtesy of regional programming, I have what looks like U of Michigan v Badgers.
we do need to meet!! The summer camp program we have is right nearby. We'd love to have you support our auction event:-)
BUT OVERALL THE VIDEO WAS AMAZING!
Place My wants AND needs over your resistance ,
Wow, such great and enjoyable pictures! You're a stunner, that is for sure!
Congrats to the for their 2 Webby Awards!
Cyberbully is so awfully hilarious
I've been called a hardcore hands-on practitioner today. I'll take it as a compliment :D
On our way to Orlando,Florida to play #FMF2012 ! Wish that keyboards could fold up!
Twitbird is acting up. I need a better twitter app
Headed back to New Orleans...OU lost to night..
Happy New Sock Day to you! :)
I went last night to help my mom and will never go again, people are fucking crazy
From this day forward, I'm only gonna smoke on the days ending in the letter "y".
I need me a good book to read.
I love my dad. Needed to hear his voice and sweet words. Seconds after I prayed, God affirmed through Him.
Staying in silver cloud hotel in Seattle pretty nice relaxing :)
Laugh now. Cry later.
Can't wait to sleep in Sunday and Saturday....thanks Comcast
I've never seen a team get so many quality chances to score and not be able to get at least one goal.
Love in the crew
same here ha! This game too close lol
I know you will rock the house! Have fun.
fyi, i'm still embarrassed to buy tampons and condoms. especially at the same time.
#RETWEET The Hawk Smartphone News is looking for Bloggers and software reviewers. If any interested pls contact us here.
Running out of time to pay the IRS? payUSAtax can help. Pay your taxes with a credit card today!
chris rock used to rap lol
HATE is such a strong word. Ugh
Parenting involves much more being covered in vomit than I would have guessed.
Heck yeah I'm ready for the Fakers tomorrow! I'll be at the Can for the big game. Can't wait.
I'll race you!
Do you still have "Hustle in your Heart" as one of my mentors Ms Laurie Rubidge shared. Click "like" if you still have it or want it?
What was wrong with the hack???
Imagine an office where, just because one knows what typing is, one assumes that they're a professional. That's how the music business is.
Scheduling nine grad students for summer work is not always easy. :P
": "MOM COME HERE IT'S IMPORTANT!" "What?" "Can you turn my light off?" Lmao this is so me xD
this afro-cuban big bands got me hearin strange things yall
Ill take you to the shady lady, make time for it... haha
Ugh idislike drama class the teacher is soo.MEAN
New Steelers 3rd jerseys come out today at 430
Attention to health is life greatest hindrance. ~ Plato
NOPE BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T USE MULTIPLE LETTERS LIKE ME. So I win.
Can't wait to link back up with one of my favorite writers to write with!!!
I would, but is busy chugging...
We say you should #FF because he's too nice a guy to actually follow through on his threats.
Im bout to say fuck it & give it up aint nothing gonna change
thats how my throat feels. lol
baby pink lipstick w no earrings
How the Hell are ya? Lunch? Let's be random.
shout out to tj
I gotta warn you, I'm a loud fuck
RT Leadership is not a position or a title, it is action and example.
Thank you!! :D
": Don't feel so bad about that loss, Blazer fans. Warriors lead the Lakers by 15 in the 4th."
With Tim Jankovich leaving Illinois State for SMU, a very good MM-plus job has opened in the Midwest. Should attract some good candidates.
Woke up this morning with a song and beat in my head.... ima put this on my mixtape....its called christain girl. Is a Godly banger lol
trying to understand how twitter works...
u gotta point ur finger at her well sayin it tho
Boston #Red #Sox have it all. The only thing missing was Carl Crawford and he has found his swing in a big way! via
Hey sociopaths, if you are looking for clubs that are just for you, try Americans for Prosperity or the NRA.
all the lakers fans talkin about somethin else amongst each other too lmao "man this weather <<<<"
In need to try new things ..
I love you !!!! Can't wait to see you tomorrow!!!
RT : #G2B12 great day everyone! Safe travels! <--- thank you for being there! Your cookware ROCKS!
Aloha, No I haven't seen them, perhaps one day I will ;)
I predicted this a minute ago..So off to europe I go!
More like sequestered between three expressways in suburban Philly waiting for lunch. Then Mustangs @ Soul 5:45 pregame 540ESPN
looking cute xD
It's only 1030 and I already had the cops at my house
Life is a series of collisions with the future; it is not the sum of what we have been, but what we yearn to be.
4 hour nap, then I'm back in Ft. Worth & ready to tackle another day.
Finally upgraded to premium. So worth it.
The numbers are in! Thanks to all that helped raise over 10,000 pounds of food for the Hunger Task Force!
dang that suks
registering my info now.
Don't forget, we play next Thurs at Six Flags Over Texas; Good Times Stage 6-9 :)
The term 'pizza' first appeared "in a Latin text from the southern Italian town of Gaeta in 997 AD..."
I would totally go with you if I wasn't 1000 miles away.
all I need to complete the trifecta is something great from They kill it on #social engagement too.
RT : If Kentucky wins, the NCAA has already scheduled to go ahead and vacate this game in 2016.
Who has a top hat i can use for this video!?
very true
aight imma hold u to it
Definitely horns.
There's a story behind every person. There's a reason why they're the way they are. Think about that before you judge someone.
Oh lord. I've started getting spam on
I never thought he was like that ! :o
not receiving replies... reply page all messed up... Can somone reply so I can test this out? Any1 having the same issues? thanks
So glad my God open my eyes . He made me wiser he's alright. :-)
That awkward moment when your dad is going out drinking at a party and begs you to go because the tequila is awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> is this a trick?
Good for Chara in being able to play at World's. Just not sure I understand taking on more ice time after 196 games in the last 18 months.
and you, my friend, are very handsome yourself! :)
Had a dealer so excited about Gemeinhardt he signed up as an official Gemeinhardt dealer for the first time in all his years in the business
thank you. Let's hope he paints the corners all night.
Tough draw against 14-seed Tebow RT Made it through to the final 32 in the 13 Cover vote.
:thank you everyone for the mentions& convos ! Have a great weekend!
Why does rain bring out the grumpy in people?!
The past 2 nights #Song1 has been my last stop before turning in. Having some Doug Aitken withdraw tonight.
Thank you to all my mermaid fans for following me... this is awesome thank you thank you!!! : )
Bros: Radiohead tix. Who needs 'em? Buying for and myself tonight.
but i love you more :P
Do you have 4 herbs that you cook with most? Planting your kitchen window box!
Almost all the IU players, Eric Gordon, and Mason Plumlee from Duke all here at the Twin Lakes Center.
Tosh all new tonight!
I hope if nba is locked out, I hope stern makes sure that the nonsense that #6 pulled never happens again
So stupid. Right up there with posting their FitBit stats. Not appropriate in a professional setting, IMO.
That's my hoe
I could talk to y o u for hours. <3
Both Maud Marks & Octavia Fields branches are having book sales tomorrow. Good reads cheap for a good cause. 10:00 am start.
that moment your so pissed you break everything that surrounds you ._.
Love it :)
yes! I'm going to check them out after work. I was thinking that would be a good option!
Technological advances at Norwell Middle School
Reid Hoffman personally sent me his book. I suppose being a strategic global partner with Linkedin has its privileges... Psyched to read it!
Haha! Any war wounds? I wasn't able to take stairs for 4 days when I ran #toughmudder!
concert in PDX 2morow night! 2 tickets & back stage passes will be given to the one who finds our #cache: anyone found it yet??
Why doesn't my insomnia ever kick in when I need it to???
Because all the fighting and all the tears and all the uncertainty is worth it
I believe for individuals it is
but I thought this was different !
drake went in!! lol. that new Big Sean and Meek Mill is too dope!!
Oh ya lol but I had two because I have friends lol
have a safe and happy 4th!!!!!
has a bleach high....
am gonna swag it out
is having a FB contest. Winner gets $25 Visa & a FREE 2 oz of HCG (if you need to lose about 30lbs) www.facebook.com/SoCalHCG
haha well i'm down for being a tester if you ever get a hangout together. I need to start using it more!
Pssst hey #tcot #teaparty #GOP: we are going to have an amazing black president for another 4 years. Bahahaha
Love this!! “: Q4 a bicycle! Your helping the environment and getting exercise at the same time! #OneSmallAct”
Let's conect.
hey I know hoops! Real is real lol
Alexandra's advice: really think about the WHY in developing QR codes and make sure to test Them before you print!!!
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYBODY WOO HOOO !!!! YEAH ME AND A FEW OF MY FRIENDS ARE GONNA GO TRICK OR TREATING LIKE IDOTS
lol that is true I would have been thrown out early in the game, but believe it or know all my FB friends loved it
I just wanna say that 's background is so cute! (: I love it xo
I was taught the Devil made dinosaurs.
u sure? because I never gof my follow from u. :) ;)
all this beignet talk is making me hungry
its a new day to change your old ways
surprised you didn't instagram that tweet
if u know some1 who can raise money well let me know thanx votehenrybrim.com
Louis Freeh testifying at MF Global Senate hearing
some #Browns fans need to relax, Colt made a bad decision, he was trying to make a play, you would have been just as mad with the field goal
when is the camp?
Thanks ! Attn new grads: Looking in Chicago? Submit resume to !
Follow my tweets...you'll find it here ;)
Cut the digital divide by allowing students to advocate for themselves -
who's your favorite team?
I'll need both the Why & Why Not of your proposal. Please note "that's how we've always done it" does not qualify for either.
#yourgameisweak if you got my number from Facebook and not me
S/O To My Partner Nem EBN Them Eberhart Guys Be The Realist BlueWoo! Lbs
So does have the board of a public agency review your story in a giant PowerPoint mean you're doing something wrong or something right?
thanks to you!
She even does a hair segment! The one where her gay friend dates the cross dresser and they steal her camera is hilarious!
No school today but still feel like im in a crappy mood :P
So my nephew read me down
The fact that George Carlin was the voice of Thomas The Train, makes me hate Thomas a little less.
Ruby's Spa special! Go to the link, print out the page, bring to your appt for 15% off the Black Rabbit Body Polish, some restrictions apply
#ChicagonistaLive & are always looking for best places + events to attend and cover. They welcome hot tips and suggestions!
eating ice cream! yum
Today is going to be a good day. I can feel it in the air.
So far Millers decision to strike has been a mistake
Just caught an episode of Best Ink. The artist London... Holy hotness batman!!! I need to watch this more often.
Click click click click click click click click click
1 Cup White Vinegar to 3 Cups Water will eliminate Pet Urine Odors from your carpets!
mean!;D
Working to assist Clamshell customers to meet today's Safety Standards #diecut,
This is the time of year CEOs think of Strategic Planning - make sure the word "customer" is at least on page 2 if not on page 1
Hi ! Noticed that you tweeted about your high electric bill. I think we can help-have you ever considered prepaid electricity?
Thanks Tony! I am so looking forward to it too!
lol damn i aint know that
? ": I'm looking at a total rewrite on my story here."
where did u guys get such a great deal?
David Shukman looks at ways to plug the North Sea gas leak
Okay! RT : Pitching coach Dan Warthen said Santana topped out at 92 on his gun and mostly was 90.
Don't forget the Seahawks. Bruce Irvin as the 1st pass rusher off the board?
Yeah you did.. Smh He has no post game, can't shoot. He be doing some unnecessary crossovers. He's just a dunker.
how much of a discount do you get?
RT : If there's a section of Heaven reserved for cats, I'll bet it smells awful.
It's only a matter of time before fighting is banned in the NHL. The game is changing, evolving.
two of our members will be playing tonight at skrappys w/ dead after dallas. show starts at 6
just about getting there lol. :)
Grrrr I swear...
Bingo! RT Seems almost immoral to enjoy my morning coffee *this much.*
Big Cody - Happy Birthday!
Yes, Meat-Eaters. You're crazy about bacon. We get it.
u been away too long!!
Follow us! We're 100% #TeamFollowBack !!!!!!!! Spread the word
great running playlist, cut :10 off my mile with some Debra Harry/Moby... do you love when I take you up there?
When u think ur leading and no one is following, then your just taking a walk
The older I get, the less likely I am to keep my mouth shut about things that bother me
you the best my nigga
Stef, marriage is between 1 man and 1 woman. Its what I believe.
Blame it on my ADD, baby.
Outside of Braun, who else will be an impact playwright this year?
then you must not be a patriot
Take a knee #Tebow, you'll need it today. #Steelers defense
what happened?!?
Happy for the guy, but devastating for a Chargers fan RT Buccaneers agree with WR Vincent Jackson on 5-year, $55.55m deal
i said porn! not movies lol
Alright, it's official. I need to play football. Just caught a rose that was in 's mouth. It was a good interception.
Sorry I missed you last night at TechCafe!
you watch Smash too??
It's Friday night @ surrendervegas the hottest nightclub around! Make sure to stop by only!
you looking at the man stacks and rubber bands yuup
Yeah, tried that earlier today. Big finish on that one, very enjoyable.
Where'd you go?
Thought of u: "Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in."
I dropped to a lower tier on Dish to save some money, was a little worried about not being able to watch Bucks games, not that concerned now
Great photo! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Oh come on! LOL!
Perfect weather so far this week
morning! its lovely and sunny here in beantown too! birds are singing, and i'm sitting inside watching all things tennis....
You know, I may not be a success in business
Not even an hour into our trip to Rochester and I'm already dreaming of
big hug
Quote of the night: "hey you have crepe on your shoulder" cc
I hate people
Planning things in your head......hoping it happens.....
Just realized I have to put my clothes in the dryer. Fml. Lol
“: #JustPromiseMe you'll never forget all times we spent together and promise me no one will take my place in your heart .”
Why do everybody think that Daisy Dukes are for them!!
im the only one that fills up my newsfeewd with #GetAustinToTheTop10 tweets.
Congratulations and all the #wildcats !
If you are coming down to for Mother's Day, send her next door for a foot massage
...was it true? If so, gross.
I better b my baby daddy only baby mama ; i dnt do dat 3 or 4 babymamas
oh a kangaroo reference?
I'm convinced it could be both...
Zaxby's Haha RT : Just had my first Zazby's chicken for lunch. We need one of these in Cincinnati.
so beautiful
Bitter Sweet Symphony is one of my favorite songs.. excellent #TheVoice perfect song for a perfect night.
Thanks! Am having some now :) : Love this!
I love you :) haha
RT : We put the libations into the librarians! Hope you enjoyed #txla12 we did! thank's for your wonderful hospitality!
I know when to talk and when to be quiet.
oh eeeww!! good tip though!!
We're not liking the sudden drop of temperature in #MKE. Bring back 50s in December, please.
aha weren't you applying for some?
you know you churchy if you still bangin the Kirk Franklin and GP revaluation album in your car.
I think the only person who remembers me wearing high tops is u remember that?
sorry about that! we will try to figure out what happened
I hate the thought of you being with someone else.
The inhabitants of this northern clime are distinguished from those that dwell in southern lands by having a national dress (1850)
Goodnight ! Can't Wait For #boyfriend music video!<U+2764>
You’re invited to a garden party at The Children’s Place! Saturday, March 3 12PM-4PM. Join us for sweet treats and special deals.
yes it is, its last yrs magic lol
CHARGING!!!! And a 3pg dagger before that. Oh my
However, J has had 8 consecutive days w/out tantrums at home n at school until this morning
is this what the twilight zone is like?
We are just a little over 24 hours away from Millie's Miracle Spirit Night! Please plan coming out and supporting this little angel.
Totally slept for over an hour on the #bus to #Philadelphia. Now, i can attest that the cherry trees are blossoming in #CherryHill. Coffee?
sounds great. We wish u best of luck. Keep us posted
At our Community Employment Center,our dedicated staff has placed 600 Essex Cty residents into jobs.Empowering Communities...Changing Lives.
Happy Friday everyone! Tonight we have Celtic Tenors, and this Sunday, Macbeth! Join us!
I don't get these zany references...can you put it into dumb kid terms?
You're so crazy! You were great! You are a strong pinay! That's why chose you silly! <3
Thank you for the #FF mention!
That's great! Where are you from originally?
Be listening to Generations about 7:15 for a conversation with John Morgan of the famous smoking and weightloss seminar, why do they work?
Yu Darvish is absolutely filthy, that last curveball made me vomit in my mouth
#CrazyThingsFolksDoForLove think a baby will make em stay.
he'll be back for the finals we good
that only means one thing to me!!! Our favorite restaurant in Arcadia..,
Dam my body is hurting so much lol but it is ku I ain't never been no bitch my mom said lol:-)
RT : Want 2 make #Greek yogurt at home? Here's how. Thnx
hehe, if I won that much $$ I'd go to Chicago a lot more (cousin lives there)
We are getting an estimate for hardwoods throughout the rest of our house today bc our carpet tastes are too expensive. :)
Hi BOO BEAR! :)
Ready to rock a zumba class! Happy happy girl!!!
: Hey good lookin' ===> Having such a good day. I'm making money, y'all.
Appreciate the RT, friends. Hope your weekend is going well. Cheers!
Can anyone recommend a rental broker for the Denver area? Friends need a house ASAP. Thanks!
thanks for the shout out and post!!! U guys are the best!
Follow all the
aye that "boom boom bang" is that shit cuz
some things just aren't meant to be tweeted J.
M i think my ex thinks i still give a fuck about anything he has to say. I promise i don't mf.
i hope that things turn out ok for you, but if u need someone, im here :)
I keep dreaming you'll be with me and you'll never go.
How are you love?!:-D
- Eggs. Ew. Hot sauce. Major ew.
that's hilarious u made a TEST! test 123!!! hahahaha
Bring Hollywood Home salutes Senator Curren Price and the Arts Committee for the hearing this week in Sacramento to save arts education
We're put into these situations so that we can grow. Don't worry. We'll be alright. Carry the fire
I want to watch a movie.
That was a great way to end an episode of
yes indeed it is. I think it just happened in the last month
I can't wait to start reading Insurgent!
Dry clean only??? OH! So throw it in a dusty closet and never wash it.
LOL, Simon Le Bon must have been bored. Thx for sharing it. Chuckle chuckle... :)
Bruh...Shaq set Chuck up for that one. The whole set had to be feeling awkward as shit lls
those stripes make you look fat!
My #fridayreads: Charles Frazier's Nightwoods. My one-word review: wow.
cut the fraud
nontrad #librarian path doesn't mean leaving the learnings: currently turning an old 501 paper into a blog post for my company
yeah I was actually thinking of ur living room but master bedroom would be more private. U have space :)
How about six arms? then we can get food with our beer?
Cool! Go
Target pulls farmed salmon from stores
You know a game in Houston has gotten out of hand when they start searching for Richie Sexson's dent on the flag pole.
Mo Money Mo Rahmey, I like to call the late night hustle #badboyboyceinnn' /Cc
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
IMMA CANCER TOO!!!:) My birthday is 2 days before yours<3
i'll go to bed. we have a candidate coming tomorrow and i wouldn't want to sleep through her talk. kate will have to wait.
right! that nigga Wolf was a livewire for sure
Yeah. With that W he washes away the 7 year itch.
I know that person
I can't see a downside to it. They'll be able to connect with more of the global village.
Safe travels to Ghana have the time of your life!!!
I can't stop hearing song CALL ME MAYBE!!!!
Watched "Elf" for the first time in years and was shocked to see a younger, blonder . So
Thanks for the #ff!
sweet! write on our wall and tell us whatcha think :)
haha Carl, you dont even know how ruthless haha
Songs are as sad as its listener.
sounds amazing!fabulous idea~ one of the items recovered was a Truefitt shave bowl, we carry Truefitt shave products
Never look back unless youre planning to go that way.
Fat loss tip: Don't avoid fat to lose fat. If you eat good fats you'll actually lose more body fat!
re:phon awareness. Not regularly in outpatient clinic, but yes as grad student supervisor.
get her a card an write 228-5717 in it, she'll love it
surprising thing is their record isn't that bad, just not what people were expecting, ends up lowering them in many's eyes IMO
I'm sure someone whose personal worth could sustain me for 10,000 years is just being misunderstood when talking about the poor.
can't wait to make this thanks for sharing
Only download of punta Cana... No vodka. Gonna pour some of that sweet sweet nectar when I'm back in the states
what city do you live in?
yes its very possible you saw him.. I need to see the movie again to gather my thoughts..so different from the book
Stressful casserole!
sounds good joey
glad u got to meet him lucky duck~^^ did he do his concert yet or no?
Thank u so much thanks!!!!!!:)
I will never CHANGE, like the money in your sofa .
If you love somebody, set them free. If they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were
OOOOOOOHHH!!!! your from jersey!!!!!! I always wondered why ur so bitter all the time! LoL
how yall doin? i'm doin just cheeky at the moment. (;
Moving furniture word so not the buisness but shit had fun
Thank God it's payday!!!
Thanks Chad. I have lots of ideas and theories, but getting them in place and working is another story! Getting there though.
": Too many girls (guys) on this planet to be stressing a bad relationship."
Tied at 4
OMB!! I LOVE U JB!!With out u I wouldn't be able to face the real world! I LOVE U SOO MUCH! <3 beginning till the end
I think #Broncos are slow playing this to get the 2015 #1 overall pick, when #Peyton gets hurt and they go 1-17
RT! if u cant stand fake people
Happy mothers day to all the mama's out there! Hope your loved ones treated you extra extra special today! :)
founder Jeremy Brosowsky "compost isn't an end it's a means" at
Gourmet Organic Green Tea you’ll enjoy the best of all worlds. www.lhobbs.organogold.com
Cmon tweeters...the mocha lounge closes in half hour...if u stop in before 6pm today and mention this tweet you'll get ANY drink 50% off!!
after seeing the long ash I think it is a Nadi.
Woohoo!!! You go girls!
gonna watch the cnn/tea party debate after i finish up this taylor swift album.
Spent entire day yesterday trying to fix computer that would appear to have a fried motherboard. That's a day off?
Go hard or go home
Going to dallas for the tournament. I plan on doing work!
Calling all community organizations & schools looking to raise funds. We have a simple and easy recycling fundraiser program 404.629.5200
you rock!
I'm so behind on my blogging it isn't even funny! Things to catch up on this week...
Just watched the GI Joe movie. Story-wise, I was underwhelmed. Explosion-wise, it was pretty awesome.
follow me
You know you broke when having sex to music means one head phone in yo ear and the other one in hers
yes! I'm excited! And sounds good just let me know for sure
#imagine Austin looking at you and feel this 1000 butterflies in his stommy ......<U+2665>
“: My breakfast today was redbull & vodka...that's it!” breakfast of champions!
Did Coach McHale slide into Morey's office and become a gm again....puzzling
So sleepy.
The festival? No. I get paid by Pitchfork, but not enough to cover costs unless I can sell to other outlets later.
Brown eyes, I'll hold you near cause you're the only song I want to hear
What are the bulls fans gone do now that d rose is out
on the side with some southern comfort.lol happy turkey day Blake.
thanks for sharing yesterday
hope your doing alright. I know how it feels. I totaled my 91 camaro a couple of days b4 thanksgiving last year.
I'm jealous! I haven't seen that movie yet, let me know if it's good :)
Be sure to let us know what we can do for you when you actually are looking for your #newdigs. Staying in the #ROC?
"Can I copy your homework?" "Yeah, but the answers are probably all wro-" "I don't care, Thanks!"
2days workout was great! Did my 10 sets of 15 reps on 4 diff hamstring exercises. It was tiring but I am getting some grt results frm it.
but do they look cool? that's all that matters... ha
Thank you Cindy for the follow!
I guess so... I'm confused about the whole thing, if I'm being honest.
going out to south holland to go work on a couple projects
RT My last tweet was Waffle House viral video. Best music video ever
agree completely! I do miss Dudar in there but come on last yrs team would have given up before 2nd half
The only words that ever satisfied me as describing Nature are the terms used in fairy books, charm, spell, enchantment. They ex
Just tried AmpliTube Free. Works OK except there's no true bypass. Even with all effects off and proper levels it sounded overdriven
But never HIV positive. RT : Always be positive. :)
Please do not tell me they are going to try to have Ben & Amy happen again -.-
your such an inspiration I love you and your amazing please follow me??<U+E32A> it would mean soo much
Anyone have a colorist reco on the north north side?
my grilled cheese sandwhich >>>>
So great seeing you and catching up last night! . And I'm already taking your advice! ;)
Exclusive Discount: Save 20 Percent on Mini Makeup Brushes! Was it business as usual for you while your coworkers took off for the holida
everything's cooler in slow motion
Trust in the Lord forever, for the Lord God is an everlasting rock ~Isaiah 26:4
Ian Somerhadler as Christian Grey >>>>>
yea I love makin money... Got a shopping habit to support<U+E405>
I'm ecstatic that your videos are back! I love you!(:
- if I ever have kids, we're watching adventure shows like Duck Tales and Phineas and Ferb.
The fact that I saw lightning ten minutes ago and continue to hear thunder is making my night just so much more enjoyable. :)
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has. -Henry Ward Beecher
#NeverTrustAGuyWho tells you want you want to hear. Trust those that tell you the truth even when it hurts or makes you work harder.
Thankful that He is still God, and that He is not swayed by other's selfish actions.
I don't even like my own feet.
Thank god she's not pregnant.
Wished would be out for my #charity #fashionshow for the
Early a.m. program director's panel at #2011ASA : international collaboration talks all about digital technology.
Did you Get Curried Away this weekend? Let's hear some exciting stories!!!
That wasn't a earthquake. That was me in this Music Industry BLOWING UP!
Nice on the spend btw...BAM wanted to know if they had a better than 3:1 on that HA! or did you pause it lol.
I got a good idea, lets never guard Steve Blake. Ever.
Cruises starting at $169 sailing from Miami
sort of late, but i wish everyone a happy new years. make this one a good one!
my birthday today happy
CHALLENGE: Go to your local library and check out a Newbery winner that you've never read before! Ready..... go!
oh! Fancy!
Wouldn't that start to get stale after 4 years or so?
Would you rather be Austin's next door neighbor or go to school with the crew.?
After a 19 year career, 17 with the #RedSox, Tim Wakefield is hanging em up today. Glad he got to 200 wins last season.
Rain likely overnight into Tuesday and we may even have a few thunderstorms... and the warmer temps won't stick around long.
The Patio had a sik remodel, The Colony rebirth!!! Let's Party!
it was tiring until the last hour of work, but it is ending quite nicely now I'm home. Glad to hear yours was good! :)
her what's up how are u
If passion drives you, let reason hold the reins. -Benjamin Franklin
I guess but I dnt like oprahs ignit ass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I used love you guys! I used to buy shoes all the time from you guys in law school. You lost many styles I liked.
Appreciate the follow!
i miss you too :c
Open mic auditions were today think I nailed it : D
Darling, dont lie to me<3
Yes. Don't get me wrong though. Usually super cool folks and food is awesome! Addicted the chicken sandwich-add chili mayo :)
Its party time!!
Sometimes I forget that people really think I'm and my RT's get their hopes up. Sorry everyone!
It was a general statement though. Don't be so insecure. Lol
Needed inspiration & peace. Fantastic pieces discovered & the sweetest little show "paper kisses" w/ phenomenal etchings/drawings
RIP Ronnie Montrose...
Sucks to be you. xD
Also, thanks for making me realize I left the noises on for my phone before I left my desk for two hours.
"Just stop worrying." That never works. So keep worrying and stop it.
Some drizzle outside ... Not too bad yet.
sorry for my over-enthusiasm. Brewing this morning for the first time in a while, and I'm super excited.
thanks. You 2
hoes these days.
Did u forget to cultivate a #tightimage first? RT : When did old people stop folding?
hope y'all got the bus up/ running heard it broke down!
luv so official! my jam!
iM No Longer Loosing Weight iM Gaining :)
Cuz a suit and smile just don't fit me. Taking a bus with some miles is go kill me..pshh maybe a shirt and a tie...
This #followfriday I recommend my employer , as they've been shamelessly plugging my latest blog post all week.
are you at the peaks???
Yeah I'm going to doubt that was meant for me haha.....this is the bored weekend right that you were talking about this week?
Perceive fitness to be a lifelong journey rather than a short-term destination.
At the #octopuscarwash getting the van a scrub down.
i just had icecream :3 i need to run it off tomorrow!.
Good luck, Rickie n Prince!
Thank you. Much appreciated.
What's the deal?!
Milwaukee's Best Happy hour! Yes best! Ask Ben the bartender to tell you how to win a free cocktail party for you and your friends
I'm Gone 414 Damage Mode GFB It's Problems Hoe
I'm the type of brother that tell it how it is. I never sugar coat anything.
Come out for #geekswhodrink and stuff...
Eco: humor is a medicine against hatred
A combination of getting up late and being on the west coast but #Lunchtime is not an appropriate hashtag for me right now.
Hello Hello , Hello , Hello Let me get that info Show you what I mean
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 65F OVERCAST
tweet me '' JAMIE LORDAN WE LOVE YOU '' I'II FOLLOW 10 first what Tweet me 11
thank you!<3
all you gotta do is
What sort of project?
lol it wasn't my balloon literally. I bought it for my mommy.
hahaha just omg... there are always hot guys at the mall lol :D
that's true.
I'm at the carry once again getting food lol.
Redskins are gonna love #rg3. Redskins are diehard fans.
Cubs won today :) now just gotta home the Lakers can beat OKC tomorrow!
Very Soon :-) RT : I got all excited for a sec b/c I thought this tweet referred to Brandon's music! :-/
I have no feeling in my legs. 3 spin classes today and I am done
Askin all then questions .
Of course! They've got 80's Albums for $7.99. I may have to get Richard Marx Greatest Hits too.. And Prince.. And..
Haha. Maybe sometime I will tell you.. just not on twitter!
the lord works in mysterious ways, katherine.
Mulligan uses self as ex will be 20 yr retiree, says healthcare her best benefit, concerned about constant change, as benefit & JCAR member.
I feel like it's been a million years since I was in the studio. I miss you! (zero sleep, envelope-glue-breath and all...) ;)
You know you just gained at least 80 new fans by having that Brewcity Bruisers sticker on there!
Feels so good!
Hey! I need a LOT of qualified leads for my business...Christopher / 719.481.9476 / 602.573.4157
Happy Valentines Day ladies. We have Vday specials going on until the end of the week. Give us a call.
and no wonder..lol
Many submit to despair and fail without realizing that they really possess all the tools required to procure great wealth.
haha that's to much to re-tell (: sorry
Just when I think I have early modern optics all figured out...
I wish I could say screw it to my homework & go to sleep but my GPA can't afford it.
Drama at every corner. Everyone wants to slug on me and the family smh bad move
If you are interested, I could move some things around and do 11/3 or 11/17
Too beautiful of a day for calling hours...
Today was overpriced yard sale day in West Seattle apparently. $100 items belong on eBay, not your skanky front yard.
I think it's bold, progressive, and in all honesty quite overdue. What are your thoughts?
Maybe in another life. *sigh
Good lord I'm tired all of a sudden. Oh. Must be the wine. I refuse to sleep on this game yo!!
Someone loves everything that you hate about yourself.
Channeled my anger issues into a can of Pringles this afternoon. Darn it! Chips are gone and I now see that it was made with Olestra... :(
My last RT. XD So true. That book is just plain NAASSTAAYY. 0.0 I remember when was reading it on z100. Awks?
Now 4 all u NON-Union,or otherwise Union hating pple out there..think about this.If it wasn't 4 American Unions there'd b no paid Holidays
I don't think Doug is on twitter. Thanks for the support though!
WE GOT THIS! LOVE YOU LIZ! YOU'RE AMAZING AND YOU DESERVE THE BEST! <3 GOODNIGHT GIRL!
Nuggets Chris Andersen has been excused from all team-related activities indefinitely as he deals with the reported investigation.
27 days until the best holiday of the year.
Thanks :) I love that u follow random fans and im ecstatic that I'm on of them Please notice me :3
Hi Tyra thank u 4 all the encouragement u give 2 young girls.
Hey guys we're going to have a show on Tuesday at Arlene's grocery on the lower east side at eight hope u guys can make it. #Riley <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
That show was fantastic & so much fun as always!!!! Thank you so much Patrick!!!! :-) xoxoxo
After being introduced to in Next to Normal, I am loving her performance in Great theatre today!
The Hunger Games comes out soon!!
That is really pretty! What kind of dancing do you do? :)
I am going straight home. This never happens. I am so very excited...and sleepy.
"We were made to be lovers bold in broken places, pouring ourselves out again and again until we're called home."
#musicmonday Shut It Down - Pitbull, "Can't nothing hold me down, I'm gonna touch the sky"
never had it.
Show went well. I sold a few things. Learned some helpful things to do in the next show! :-)
I got a bitch who spanglish , she keep her bangles danglin and da cocaine is right up in her anus !
Not sad.He is a happy bird and we make light of it! We don't encourage it,but we accept it as who he is~! #LittleBratParrot~!
perfect! if GM Bree is there she can help you with the VIP rezzie.
I seriously hate spiders -.- why do they even exist
wwhhyyy did I just get back and see some flowers in a certain someone's office but not mine?!?
Still sitting in the bar parking lot debating on going in.....
thanks Kevin!
Why follow the leader When you can lead by example.
Thank you Jimmy. Right now I'm being held hostage by my clients. Hope to see some daylight soon!
Well, here's a mention!
Ladies and gentlemen, it’s a beautiful day for a country music festival! Currently sunny and almost 65 degrees! Yeehaw!
Dang first cutler now forte. Bye bears season
smh. what have you been up too
Thanks buddy. Now it's time for some golf! RT : have a safe flight bro
Jamar Chaney has been added to my fantasy squad. Thx for the tip, fellas.
cool. Let me get through this conference and I'll touch base. I'm Benwbrum on skype too.
The friends that you have tons of fun with but can't trust, and the friends who aren't but are trustworthy.
we r driving the #strugglebus today
nice meeting you
Contact ClientRocket today to schedule a free demo and learn more about how RTOREWARDS can reward your customers and your business!
Thanks for coming out to the groundbreaking this morning.
I just killed some chicken nuggets
thanks! Thrilled you approve...ill try to continue meeting expectations...
Until death do us part.
OH HI
Me too! <U+2661> RT : I was actually up early this morning watching Canada beat Belarus!
yeah its not weird at all when my friend who is girl who is straight smacked my butt scared
that INCLUDES YOU, missy!
fade me then bruh.
Yes, that sounds good. We need a Frenchy's in Austin. You're trying to have me making another trip to Houston. Lol
Dear media, pinning a classmate down and forcibly cutting his hair is not a "prank." It's bullying and assault. Start describing it as such.
@ my icon i just love him. k.
#RIPTROYDAVIS Everybody needs to stand up for what is right!May God Bless his Soul and pray for his family We Need A Better Justice system!
Hopefully you get some sunshine today! It's a beautiful morning in Sweden!
I am fairly certain that speakeasy's don't have bocce ball, shuffleboards and skee-ball.
#IfYouWereSmart you'd be #respectful .
Blah time to write a paper!!!xP
Thanks for the shout!
In advasery :) bored
you da shadiest
#males main twitter
anyway i've officially given up on studying poli sci and i've accepted the fact that i'll be getting a two or less on tomorrow's AP test
Aww finally said they love me back lol.That must have been cash that said it "shh but we love you a lil more" YUP sounds like CASH
I don't know where to send a letter too, so I've been tweeting but you never reply :( ! Lol
I'm hoping everyone did jorts day today..
Please go follow thank you!
I had! I routinely laugh at your Jason Bay avatar....but thankfully he's weeks from coming back! so I look less...but still
LSN360 /News/Nevada GINGRICH "I WILL STAY IN THE RACE" ROMNEY 44% OF NEVADA VOTES SO FAR.
Congrats to our favorite new FULL PROFESSOR !!!
Had a great time last night with special friends. God created us to need others. I'm glad to have friends that fill the "created void."
i am so hired
found my third wind...lets booze
Yea, that one. I thought it was cute. Sorry it took me so long to write back. Talking to my husband.
Thanks for the RT earlier this week!
Big Bank take lil bank.
The #rich invest their money and spend what's left; the #poor spend their money and invest what's left.
i hope Nove brings his best nd get us a 1-0 lead ntht can be better than tht.
that could be a possibility in the future man! i like helping kids
check your email
Oh, Nick Montana. You can only get better from here. We feel your pain too.
nice. She's not even on Twitter to defend herself.
so proud (:
lmao. It's all worth it for that baby elephant tho
I like lots of things. I promise. Just not sitting there listening to names for four hours while hungover.
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
oh wow! I'm pale because of the German I think. I'm also Italian, but I didn't get the skin tone of an Italian.
thinks the refs are trying to give the game to the Saints on this drive on both ends of the field. Still, the Pack made an incredible st ...
30 min later the bus is finally here!
Then you responded to my tweet today & I realized it was you because of Derrick and Diante. I'm glad you're well. God is Good!
I really don't understand how these announcers are being positive. They should feel our misery. They should be like Uecker in Major League.
Dr. Bertice Berry is fantastic!!
The mind goes on forever. So learn as much as you can while on earth.
Ranges won wohhhhh<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
It looks like attagirl is expanding into Sioux Falls! More info to come!
I don't believe we do but from your tweets you seem like a cool ass female.
Ouchh.. I put the wrong article again
Thanksgiving is a few days away and wants you to know how GRATEFUL we are. Our Ugandan women also say "Weybale Nyo" (thank you)
Nuggets have to run and be aggressive. There in LA there not gna get any calls
Texas Music trusts us for the best in quality, price & service for CD & DVD replication & custom t-shirts & merch. Hit us!! You'll stick.
show it.
The #designdistrict is on fire! Well, not literally. But you really need to get down here.
Nathan Fletcher leaves the Republican Party. Says too many "games" in partisan politics. He becomes an independent candidate for SD Mayor
you never askedd .
#SO to for playing the other half of today at UW Showcase :)
YOU CAN DO IT
I put on for south memphis U.S.P stand up
At the Alma PR5 Kickoff @ Boston College. BC Librarians are sharp! Ex Libris North America, Europe, Austro-Asia, and Israel represented!
HAHA I LIKE THAT!!
or as I secretly call it, "every night after roommates go to bed"
The zoo is a pretty safe place to fart.
You going to the #Caps vs. #Flyers game this Sunday?
Hate when you hear a really amazing song and no one in the club can tell you the name of it..Thanks for nothing...AH!!!!!
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He's such a good guy, I am willing to give him credit for Bush's accomplishments.
yes - beat him in Oz the yr he got final - also at WTF's last yr.
Check out CFYJ's brand new blog!
haha,I am but I'm gonna be late. And stop teasing. Lol.
Wondering if and/or wear Vance Worley-like glasses when covering Philly sports?
I have this week, and 3 days of next week until school is over! :D
THX! seriously contemplating GSK. like their fundamentals & chart is setting up to break thru some near term resistance.
Having an argument in the office on who gets to buy a certain Cavalli dress on - the boss lady wins!
Tuesday August 17, 2010 is our big day
RT : Thanks so much to for hosting my Kanban session tonight. Great turnout and discussions!
the thought of file sharing with #Facebook is HORRIFYING. i mean… you might as well just give your left testicle at that point.
To all the RBB followers out there on this Monday night. Much love and peace to you all. Thanks for the support and love.
Crosbywatch continues. Groan. Can't we talk about something else?
I am from LA I am not used to this racist East Coast attitude flowing through #DTLA we don't do that here in middle class places.
every breath I take it brings me to tears
The frenemy: someone who is both your arch nemesis and also your BFF for life for life for life
Thanks for another great article in The Networker. Always good info and insight.
I want to say good morning and welcome to all our new fans!
your the man Steve have a great weekend
Motorola to launch MOTOLUXE in Canada in Q2 – PhonesTabs
What are your favorite Greek wines?
We suffer because our innate values have gone awry
wow I'm not alone, till this day I cannot watch that movie. Not even listen in background!! Scary! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
seems like the video quality is better than standard Comcast, but is that because it's b&?. Or soes that not matter?
Wait what chat can u givie me webcite??plz
should tutor me in algebra. lol im horrible at it
The slide can only indicate stop breaking down blues
I want cake...
The ingredients of health and long life, are great temperance, open air, easy labor, and little care. Sir Philip Sidney
PROUD OF AUSTIN MAHONE
I have no idea what I'm doing...
Come see Houston native singer/songwriter Jimmy Pizitolla this Saturday.
Individuals are the architects of their own destinies. Follow your dreams, and grow from the experiences of the journey.
#moverslongisland is waiting for your requests! need a quote? estimation? call or write us! office working until 9pm!!
Holla at ya boy Sunday 2-6pm Scottsdale AZ Metro Park DJ DBX Come through...PEACE
Pretty Please! Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
elections elections elections.......
#MusicNews Watch Nine Inch Nails Play Dance Party USA, 1989
Happy birthday to !
I didn't know studied theater for 4 years. You better do it! So much luv and respect.
Intro to salsa class at 8:15pm tonight at Madrigall. 1627 Oak KCMO no partner required. Stay for the salsa night immediately following!
You couldn't be more wong about what I was saying.
It is easy for me to love myself, but for ladies to do it is another question altogether
happiness at work is key, and so often overlooked!
You guys have quickly become one of my favorite bands, Ships with Holes Will Sink is my favorite song. Keep the amazing songs coming!
Seriously though...ouch.
I'm sick, so I'm not going to school tomorrow. Therefor, I did my homework for nothing.
Do you agree or disagree? RT : 81% of a company's market value constitutes intangible assets
Too often efficiency is confused with just cutting corners and lowering standards.
Thank you all so much for following!! I feel so awful that i am stuck at this damn follow limit!!! :-(( #givemeabreak twitter!!
Sending love to my newest followers
Finished Edison Field- will send to printers, takes several weeks to get back first proof. Working on birthday ball now.
If you have more than 2,000 Facebook friends you really need to get your shit together
LitFuse - I am working solo this morning. James is out sick this morning.
Thank you Luis, for sharing your art with us. We are grateful and inspired! Travel safe!
Watching on espn2, what a class act :)
Woohoo! Love to see Firefly on
was that supposed to hurt my feelings? hahaha
Good choice!
#fallforum AASL ordered learning in schools does not reflect learning outside of school: kids being CEOs of their own lives and destinies
We're game :)! RT : Any chance I could get you + some other foodtrucks to come to the #FriendshipWalk on 4/21 @ 11 am?
trans am just shared a gluten-free vegan cookie, now playing quarters with Colt 45.
I really love the fact that I have a smart sister that helps me with all the things I need :)
Omg. "seems like you're ready". Can't get it out my head. R kelly. Hate 2 love him. What a show.
I see your point; but this is more like focusing on a primary race in a minor school board instead of the mayoral campaign.
What happened to Shoshana at this upcoming concert? :-(
umm I'll have you know that and I are only ever extremely classy...and lazy.
#jobsreport-Also note that Feb&Mar were both revised Up
I'm not even sure I know what's going on anymore.
We all knew it. A woman knows. hee hee
Veterans or not.. they can be mad if they want 2 nigga u gon play take this loss n get hungry its the fuckin playoffs
Lunch time means nap time today
So he's only 2 years and 363 days older then me. I think.(:
I believe Chamo is about 13 years old
my mom is worrying about me and be a nervous mother she is telling me to say pweese n tanks and mind my manners
no :O haha i didnt take a book home and he said he would give us time in the morning to do it...
RT : TO BE HONEST, I'M STILL NOT REALLY SURE HOW TO EXPLICATE A POEM.
Alonso saying he asked Greater Baltimore committee to ask for their financial support. Request was 6 mo. ago
im died!
I've been good how about you?
California roll topped with spicy tuna at Kabuki in Largo!
A false dichotomy, that is divisive.
Gotta stop thinking everyone on my run has some evil plan to try & hurt me. Too much
Will be great to see San Antonio, Austin and Dallas getting national exposure too!
If I have the time, like now, I love nothing more than sitting quietly and watching cookies baking in the oven.
I hate auto correction ...
well they're on sale til thursday, so feel free :)
Happy birthday to my boy from the East coast! 18 is a big one! Enjoy your year!!!
Chris Kreider is filthy
Happy birthday to our one and only awesome capt! Live long and prosper, Amen!
In short poll, interesting that more than 90% are NOT using Amazon for computing or storage.
Last Night was beyond fun! I'm still in recovery mode trying to get ready for Tonight! #YouDefinitelyKnowHowToParty!
When it rains it pours beer. Beer Garden is filling up fast.
Mantra for the Day: "YEAH, SON! I'M DOING WORK, SON! LET'S GET THIS MONEY, SON!!"
NO , I'm #tiredoftrying you actually have to put in the effort to be tired .
I can care who u like its just funny to me u jumped ship when u was the one talking shit that's all and it's funny
She love it wen im inside her Mami something like a rider
that awkward moment when ur on a roller coaster and ur trying to scream but no sound comes out
the deed has been done. Need redemption from that.
I want mcdonalds breakfast so bad.
and the show tweeted back to me that they *are* watching the stream...so, they didnt see anything there worth reporting on?
Victoria Justice is very sweet to everyone.
Thx for the RT! Hope to see you this week in Boston @
Omg like this old lady just said to her friend I looked cute. Thank you honey!
because Cleveland sports generally aren't successful and OSU sports generally are. Less to be critical about when you are
Shawty so wet I had to swim in!
Chris Rock brings the funny!
I totally agree!
'HAPPY NEW YEAR NICK', MAY THE NEW YEAR BE DELIGHTFUL AND BLESSED... HNY! *(*.
The question IS the answer.
I need to talk to you about classes. The orientation for post 508 was the biggest....I need real honest talk : )
Does this cold weather make you want to stay at home? There are TONS of at-home workouts that are amazing! If you need ideas, just ask!
A relationship is bound to fall apart when you start lying.
Everyone is sleeping and I'm checking social media
Shoutout to for rocking his WT interview!
is never over silly!
wait I missed the part where Philly is up by ten.. wtf celtics
Are you gay?
:) <3 what are you doing tonight?
your missing a wild night at Pure ha!
Don't hate me, but I like the Application Frame in Photoshop CS4 Mac because it helps with focus on messy desktops.
The Beavers are overlooked because City Council never sees any support. Email the Mayor and tell him you care: .or.us
in need of sushi rite now
Thanks to the WooHoo, my friend. I'm really liking your Mexico-themed background, too. Very lively & colorful (like you!). :)
oh it's really tough when they have to take cars overnight so they'll pass inspection
Happy Birthday to ! Hope you have a magical birthday!
At fundraiser for Montrose Counseling Center at new Sundance Cinema. Looks pretty cool. Can't wait to see movie later.
naw not yet
There's a mobile app? I love the desktop one.
woke up early for no reason , errgghh :l Good Morning :D can't wait for today ! <U+2665>
Why isn't anyone picking up their fone!!!!
RIGHT? like if these are all covers it will be ridiculous. omg.
cute dog... Thinking bout getting one lol
My leggings all of a sudden grew legs and walked away -_-
Buzz Aldrin in "Transformers" is like Stephen Hawking in "White Chicks"
okay, thanks!
#ThanksForNothing Sister wives....you're just weird
Honda is back, once again I can drive to work, drive home, and drive to work again without the fuel gauge moving lol
Will be showing with Portland Gay Mens Chorus June
Welcome to the twitterverse! Hey peeps let's show her some <3!
E-Portfolio: There seems to be a trend of fear stopping people from experimenting with technology
Home from trip to Ann Arbor, MI. Met with training colleagues to discuss new training initiatives and projects. Great to see everyone!
I wanna talk about it and you don't want to I don't wanna talk about it then you're mad...I CAN'T WIN
No better way to start off my day then watch the USF Baseball team.
How can I send you a message? I don't have pics of her on our web site. Just my older girl and her friend.
Short night at work tonight=
Thanks! Happy Friday! RT: Congratulations! RT Fatboy® is in 's April/May issue!
I couldn't tell ya. :D
Im bouta take a shower then find a nice movie to watch. Lbvs
With my sweet boyfriend tomorrow.(: <3
"From the end of the earth will I call unto thee, when my heart is overwhelmed: Lead me to the rock that is higher than I," Psa. 61:2.
Well I'm up so I'm gonna do some shout outs!
Don't you dare get rid of that get involved shirt! <-- seriously
Almost done with my Johnson / Rasselas presentation: going through the slides with portraits and getting the eyes all on one line.
Its better to let go and see if they come back than to hold on and see if they let go. .....---
yeah man! For sure
Baptist Health will build a medical complex that will include a 26k sq ft emergency center and 80k sq ft, 3 story office building.
Thats awesome! Very much appreciated
Understood, but YOU are a grown woman WITH children, and this is Twitter babe. Block and move on
I know what I want, but how do I get it?
Truer words were never spoken. And SO undeserving. o:)
Im tired I only got 4 hours of sleep lastnight
#Mondays can suck my dick.
Tough loss last night, but a great effort by Manny Harris, DeShawn Sims and the rest of the team!
going to be great. His last two shows were grrreeat
i love YOU so much <3
BOOM!! Game 7.
Nope, shouldn't have ate. Feeling sicky! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I'm still mad that I didn't get you in my class last year, Steph. I hope you're doing well.
Dempster's been long overdue for an inning like this, just like Cubs were long overdue to score for him.
Going to find my way to Brice canyon after awhile, and search for crystals there ! High energy!!
YES. ME TOO. OMG, speaking of himym.. the last one that just came out.. i freakin' cried. barney was so heartbroken. :(
Nice to have lunch with my boy John!
Just watched 21 Jump Street . & i thought it was a badass movie :DD & funny as hell
But they'll play their best game against UK.
i wish i could :P maybe next time :)
yo fellas our bands canceled tonight. Wonna come reck it???
I am meeting Sound by Design tomorrow at 1030am so they can start to set up for
#FF Thanks for the RTs & mentions
You know you love this life don't nobody do you like me you knoowwwww
Flying to Kaua'i tomorrow. Then racing around to 6 separate meeting, getting on a plane and flying back to Honolulu.
Good for you! That's awesome!
Wow what a day March madness and Food. Expressly Gourmet has you covered on snacks, soda and water. Place your order at...
Yippity to be featured at DCWEEK event. In DC? You're invited to join the VertiGO Team while enjoying some cocktails. VertiGO was...
Are you smarter than ur #email prog? I sent a msg & mentioned an attachment but int didn't incld. Before sending, my prgram asked for it.
”The Mind in the Making” by author James Harvey Robinson
"Don't look back and grieve over the past, for it's already gone"
Is there a link to the survey results? Thanks.
Gunna get big tomorrow :D
Wishing you beautiful Thursday!
Just think about it is all I'm asking.
i'm a shopping pimp
#TrueStory when I'm not home for a few hours,sumtimes I call my house&leave a msg so my dog can hear my voice!LMAO is this normal behavior?
Would anyone like to weigh in on this?
We just passed a Christmas tree farm. I legit freaked out.
#iamsimon Keep on keeping it real! Holla!
#BlackParentQuotes "keep crying im gonna give you something to cry about!"
...and sorely tempted to black out the various websites I managed. Which, yes, I could have easily done.
big word!? :o
Yay, breakfast with a friend who I haven't seen all month and miss way too much!
I believe is jealous
On the horizon at Nameless Sound.... Konk Pack, John Butcher & Joe McPhee, Kobuku Senju, and The Thing... all in the coming months!
*HUGS AND KISSES
good morning eddie
Hats off to my lovely wife for my v-day card made of #qrcodes. Tech & 7 layer cake made from scratch will win me over every time
Vest: barriers to opportunity in higher ed are public perception & cost
address national arboretum
Foreign film store. LOL.
PLANKING!! WHAT THE HELL IS THE BIG DEAL WITH PLANKING!! TO MUCH TIME ON YOUR HANDS IF YOU ASK ME LOL!!
I would be interested, but I'm not sure I will be available for it on Thursday. Does this group meet often?
Need break. Lying on bed. Dying. Will report in the morning. #ptfo nao
Fuck Disney, The Electric Chapel is the happiest place on earth.
Luckily, that's the only thing Walker's good at.
summer reading prizes have arrived as well. it is that time of year where the scent of smencils lingers over my desk.
I'm gonna miss a lotta people I don't really keep contact with but oh well
There's not enough time in the day! AH going crazy
Off 2nite. Back Fri w/my colleague It's that time again, time to raise $Cash$ For Jazz. Have a goodnight & a gr8 Thursday.
Vacay reads: Carry You Back to Me, Art of Racing in the Rain, Lovely Bones, Every Last One and a short story- Betty and Veronica.
hope you have a great Triples trip on Friday! Sorry to hear you were stuck in traffic yesterday
U probably thinkin im with a new broad every night, but then again ur probably
That one mo hit .... My family... Leading ...never follow.... Impressing ....inspireing.u
More #soccer Coachisms: This game has gone true to form. = We were overmatched from the first whistle.
Finly out of bed!!!! Breakfast, church working out with my sis, n the possible arrival of her first god child, oh n followin my dreams
Some may say my time would be better spent finishing this quarter's assignments instead of shopping for next quarter's books
Anyone have an extra iPhone 3GS case?
I hate that Kesha gave them the satisfaction of tears
It's not even my birthday <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
- haha we probably ain't in the same area!!
Lets go to bayshore and forget what state we are in.
I'm sure I'm exaggerating. But I'm needy. Girls got needs too.
Fan of ? Listen for comedian Drew Hastings on the morning show at 6:50 and 8:50 a.m.
My website is on strike today. Go to www.wrightmusic.com for info!!!!
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY! =D
uhm...do i even know you?
How long can you stay in the bad part of the Internet before BECOMING the bad part of the Internet?
Chicago bound in the morning. Wedding, reunions, busting heads at Packing my ass-kicking pants.
Of Tye's house? Strong words for someone who was suppose to come to Jenn's.
Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary state of mind. Things will get better, and you should be alive to see it.
The Tigers scored 10 runs yesterday, too. WHAT'S GOING ON?!?!?!?! ;-)
Who Wants To Talk (:
Mondays aren't so bad if you force yourself to have a terrible weekend
shells . QA: Is the SD87 GA Airsoft Pistol grip CQB Shotgun a good airsoft gun?
Must feel weird. Have a great night, and soak it all in one last time.
bro I have avocados growing in my garden!! Haha
Timing hates me :(
amen RT : gonna be so busy until regents are over
Chi-town in the house!
I'm ready for my Saturday night!! R u?
patrick u look good
I need you to call me today please it is important
Appreciated, thank you!
Special Thanks To Jazze Pha For Becoming An Official Platinum Sponsor For "Networking In Atlanta" OH BOY Jazze
I like it! I think I'm going to do Carmen Sandiego, which should be sufficient nerdy.
Driving on the freeway this evening, was seized by inexplicable desire to sing, and download, "Puttin' on the Ritz."
Texas Home & Garden Market Opens THIS Friday!Attendees receive a free goodie bag w/ coupons, samples & PRIZES!www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
hey stranger
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO THE LADY'S AND THE HOES LOL
Thanks for the quick response!
I'm stunned. A city plow just went through. Not a subcontractor.
Damn typo - I meant Zentai!
Dang! I don't think IndyCar mentioned Danica this much!
“: The state of Kentucky is about to experience the full force of the ESPN hype machine. Get ready.”>>Nothing new.
Why people just now gettin on dat Future ??!!!
Demi Lovato Signs on to Judge 'X Factor': Demi Lovato has officially signed her deal and will be a judge on the next season of "The X...
“: John Maeda: "My role as teacher was to make students who would one day come back to destroy me [with their skills & creativity]
hell yeah brush u shoulders off boo
Time flew.
Needs to hit me up like, when she's free. Cause yeah. Haha.
what is this conversation even about???
Motorola is reviewing inside v outside spend by practice area and creating strategies to reduce costs.
Don't delete bad queries, instead label them as such. Save your work in progress!
if u turn on tutorial on your first turn u swipe twice really fast then you person turns around then your cheating
has a cartilage piercing.. That makes me so jealous, lol.
It's amazing to me how much pandering Obama is doing to take attention off of his his horrendous and ineffective 3 years in office.
I WENT TO SLEEP LASTNITE LISTENEN TO IT..U ARE MY KINDA OF MUSIC :D..CANT WAIT FOR MORE :)<3
RT : "We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves."--Galileo
I thought women are independant and don't need a man to do anything for them, because ladies can do things themselves : )
What both of you said.
Yeah the last one you got WAS the one has! <3
Orlando can never hold a fn lead
Just as in life, fitness is a journey taken a step at a time. Be patient.....Be consistent!! www.befit-chicago.com
My Sis is so lucky..
Yay got my nails done for #Promotion! Cant wait #2MoreDays! :D
no he is not. who told u he is a congress leader? he is not even a member of congress party
#What2ChainsWouldSay Tity 2 necklaces , 2 tone fur coat lookin like byson, 2 fruity stones in my ear makes ya girl wanna bite it. Mike TYSON
GUYS. TALK TO ME!
Either misunderstanding Foucault or he seems to have advocated that we treat life & work on the same level.
I can't believe i get to see this weekend. Is this real life?
I remember dialing into a Unix command line as 'going online'. ICQ was fun.
I LOVE giant pink bunnies. My H&R Block commercial is running again this year. Let me know if you spot it. Thanks.
hahjaaaaaaa THIS IS AWESOME.
We will be giving periodic game updates on Twitter.. Follow every pitch with Live Video, Audio & Stats with links on our site to coverage.
And now I just realized, I could probably have gotten a pass for free through work. Oh well. It's only $65.
Gravy-wrestling model hit in the face with monkey wrench after finding friend having sex on her sofa
I gotta turn back over to the voice. Xtinas boobs beckon...
Hey - Haven't seen commentary from you lately. Hope you are well.
Tonight, 8p ! ": Do you like Saturday? And nights? And live? Good, bc & Vanessa Bayer are coming! "
You know you went to bed too late and got up too early when you can still see your last tweet without too much scrolling.
What's the popular kids toy this holiday season?
Never got a tweet from before :( waiting for that amazing day, #theEliTes for life :)
Academic monographs need to be short. No one wants to hear more about your example.
I can't stop cracking myself up:D
Auditioning for a sag commercial~ this would be a big blessing! Wish her luck!
Calm down.
is it the work of a company of actors or a writer or?
My office, its been awhile
You're such a follower lonjas de flautas! :P
#prom #prom #prom #prom #prom thats all i see
???? RT : Are they giving out the little whistles like they used to?
My best friend is an ASL worker and her husband asked her to marry her in sign language. He had to learn how to sign it.
But stating/publicizing that an updated EO is somehow a vast new power grab is irresponsible.
follow me Keno
A Filmmaker who is Christian: www.filmmakingchristian.blogspot.com
going to play basketball with friends and then going to see the lucky one
RADAR's gonna get on that! Thanks for the tip!
Miss you wishes hope your forever home is all it should be. Love you
Do you think Mr. Thompson knows about the best Aaron protectors that will be available in next week’s draft? I hope someone will tell him.
there is a freaking fly trying to climb up my window on the bus. everytime we hit a bumb he falls and trys again...
he'll b back
Hey, I am following you !!!
We watched The Hunger Games this past weekend and now see what all the fuss was about. Great flick. Next we'll be reading the books!
I'm sure somewhere people pay good money for water that's had flowers soaking in it.
Omg still tickled about the lady that ate the chocolate this morning
no delivery...come get it. PS I own a big knife and a gun. LOL
When your phone decides it's going to completely ignore what you told it to do.
Smithsonian Visiting Scholars Gregorio Luke and Emily Keys will host a reception tomorrow, 7:30 at KCT Board Room Station Kansas City
hahahaha oh snap I can't remember becauseI was always doing both of or work -_- plus helping robert as well
Tell everyone, These twitter videos work! check my link out on my profile!
When was the last time you heard of N*SYNC or 98 Degrees? And they were big 10 years ago, and nobody even knows them anymore.
Had a great organizer meeting yesterday! Made an event roadmap from here to September. First stop: boozy networking and lady DJs.
$12.00 Tuesday is here!! Get Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the Arcade. Upgrade to Unlimited Rides for only $5.00 More!!!!!
Thank u!!! Oh, hi there! Our love to your #Greek #American Cafe! Greeting from Athens, GR...
Sunburns are stupid and pointless.
Getting sleepy..
Yea I know my phone Fucked done For Just DM Me
Awesome. Thank you
My 2 New Favorite songs Aree.....Overboard,& That should be me by They are the best love songs i heard this year! RT RT RT RT!
I had to unfollow Willie gay its not personal its a black and gold thing.
is saddened about the death of Scotty, a 3 year old elephant at the
Happy birthday to the one and only aka The White Shaft aka Sir Puke A lot
will be tomorrow.
Coffee, eggs, NPR and yoga make for the happiest Sunday mornings.
BO IM NOT ALLOWED TO FOLLOW ANY MORE PEOPLE UNTIL I GET MORE FOLLOWERS!!! THIS SUX
That said, back to I can trust them to get my order right. Seriously, how do you f*ck up a simple bacon cheeseburger?
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
Society's greatest ills are not birthed from evil and greed, but from those who seek to do good with no understanding of human nature.
I think it's obvious at this point. Tupac was never a real person. Always a hologram.
Perspective - Foreign markets account for 73% of world purchasing power, 87% of it's econ growth, and 95% of all it's customers
Hall they got for this event is too small.
Please visit the Dream Farm. www.DreamFarm.US
Midnight trip to kroger for xmas tree cakes, el fudge, random pops, and donuts
This is why i hate everyone at my school. I get invited to a party then get dis-invited. Twice now...
New Game Plan: Stop thinking like a poor person.
hi! any chance we can do this over email? email me at and let's chat about what you have in mind :)
I hate my spanish class my teacher is retarded seriously she hasn't thought us any spanish and school is over in 20 days
Goin to the cheesecake factory for mothers day
Fare increase will allow "additional rush hour service during the peak period, to improve bus service, and to improve maintenance,”
Wikipedia is your e-volunteer program, you just aren't affiliated with them yet!
just watched "Becoming Jane" preceded by "Jane Austen Book Club"... either have 2 re-read all 6 books or go 2 sleep in state of melancholy
Chicken and Rice for dinner :)
LOL, so true!
Yuni B came into today batting .345.
that shit was dumb ass hard!!
Waking up at 6:30 AM on a Saturday morning for a math competition... Fuck Im sleepy.
If I would have known about this I would have made a friendly wager... #GOGOPHERS “: Let's Go Eagles! #BCHockey #FrozenFour”
Glad I could help :) just stay... Theres a lot of words I could use, peppy, joyous, positive, smiley haha pick one :P
Gotta love a game-ending fight. The #STLBlues just thoroughly embarrassed the
u love me right?
Indiana weather is lame. Was 80 earlier now dropped in the 60s in two hours.
Last night was the night to play Bill in anything. He started early.
Im a beast!!
I know the world isn't fair, but why isn't it ever unfair in my favor? - Bill Watterson
I am going to be a Godmother to my nephew :)
Happy Valentine's Day! Here is some dying flowers and the remnants of a tree in card form. That's how much I love you.
Gretchen from the Real Housewives of Orange County just confirmed! She's going to be on Twin Cities Live tomorrow at 3pm on channel 5!
.RT : Green jobs are good jobs! See #jobs21 and for more on "good green paychecks."
My French teacher thinks I'm crazy after I asked her I how to insult people in French
Working on my memo, watching The Amazing Race and enjoying my stress relief tea!
Sure, I'll update the reservation. The more the merrier :)
I love having an empty email in box! It means everything has been done!
u stupid
Have a lovely morning and a loved filled day!
:D HEY! How are YOU?! It's always so good to hear from you.
This suffering will make us better artistes.
If you don't want to invest the time to figure out the Vets program, I'm sure my friends at Homewell, Lisa and Ray Black, can help.
mine too! I've been watching fantasy factory for the past hour
“: I was in the Prince's of Dubai cabana!!! I fucking love my job.” - lol
Breakfast Awesome western omelet, and love the coffee.
I wasnt that drunk... Dude... you congradulated a patato for getting the part in toy story!
BOYCOTT DELTA!! Delta airlines bans Jews on flights to Saudi Arabia. NO JEWS ALLOWED! Its their new policy-mine is boycott Delta! Repost
There's an AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR THEATRE RESEARCH & a #THEATRE #LIBRARY ASSOCIATION?! w/Journals & Conferences? Where have I been?!
I couldn't agree more. the sun drained all of my energy.
thx! When will u B in? RT : I lk yr "MO" & just made reservations. Looking forward 2 it...
Have too many choices for evening plans. This never happens.
Skills on how to be annoying on Twitter, maybe! Hahaha.
Khan Academy now on 60 minutes!
Pure stupidity!!!
Live every second like it was my last one.
want to sell me some Magic tix Sunday? I want to take my kid.
RT @ neenjames #NSA -nj it was nice meeting you.
- kinda fascinating. I mean, you're good on the asset front, but you think about this stuff and still, no allocation. You blog this?
Mistake on your part saying that. Now all the bitcoin fans are going to start yammering at you.
have a good day!
lol...u a fool boi...i laugh'd 4real
Can a girl get a cab?
Just got off work. I think I'm going to clean up a bit and then practice my violin =)
Thanks K! I miss you, too! First year it hasn't iced on my bday since I've lived in KC... calls for an even bigger celebration!
ABC was like we gave three black protagonists you better deal with this black villain lol.
No ebooks yet but you need something to read when your wife kills the battery on your e-reader playing some smurf game or something.
That's so great
Excellence must be defined to be modeled, modeled to be reproduced, and reproduced to become your organization's culture.
“: They say, "Its lonely at the top." So I say "This is good practice." #SoloDolo #MeMyselfAndI” well be up there together!
I AM THERE. what time are doors again?
well, do you have rain pants??
evrybody needs to follow because shes sexy and she knows it. jk shes watching me type this. and i have to be nice. jk :P
it looked really solid man
Huge Congrats to and the entire FedEx team on their win today!!!
Nails broken: now up to 4
RIP Danielle. Condolences 2 her fam. 1 thing we all have in common is our love 4 God bless her!!
o fail! I forgot about DS9 and unfortunately it looks like that's the only one they left out! Wtf?
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe you, you, you, you, you,you,you,you,you,you
nothing, waiting on Alec. What about you?
will do.
couldn't agree more!
A long time ago.
Yes! Follow to see all the new reggae we release this year! ROOTS
No internet for 90 minutes was like living in the 80's :P
Planted a lovely rosebush today at lunchtime. Happy that storms are moving in tonight to help settle it into the ground. Thunder in distance
lmaooo okay. :p well depends if my mom doesn't check on us at night. -.- I don't want us to get caught.
Happy to see Albert Pujols getting back his swing. He just hit a 3 run homer. 4 hits in last 6 at bats..Way to go Albert.
That is one important cat!
can't believe it's September already... That means it's soccer season! =) Stay fit people!
The lakers on that bs 2nite dam Kme on!!!
My dude I'm so bored ;o
Hisd has a way of pissing niggas off at THE START of a whole new week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
rule no 2. Meet right people. Not what u know but who u know
When the moon hits your eyes like a big pizza pie.
By 1960, what percentage of #American households owned a #television?
when a white person goes in on a black TT its racist, but black ppl going in on white TT is funny...hypocrites
Plz listen 2 K-Love right now every1! Someone just donated $10,000 dollars in Krystle Knowltons name! Honor her memory!
THANK YOU DR.M.L.KING FOR MAKING IT POSSIBLE 4 ME TO BE ME!!!FREEDOM RIDERS!!!
#USHLI thanks for donating the Want to win it? Raffle tickets are $100.
Apparently these people didn't get the whiteout message
Love the idea and feel of Pretty Pear Bride! Kudos to you for allowing REAL women to feel as gorgeous as they really are!!!
finale * stupid phone changing what i type.
U’ve tried 2 rock a celeb look & after 1 visit 2 the salon ur hair looks like a mess. Why is ur hair not quite just as hot? Stay tuned!
am i the only one dreading these last two days lf .. ?
Feels good.
Attacks like #Gernika continue today; what do we do when perpetrators are still in power & their stories remain as unchallenged history?
Cabin is the best movie I've seen all year
Chemerinsky believes the separation of powers in gov't & access to jury trials, due process, & other legal matters, are compromised daily.
everything in the planet, what's good wit u what u workin on?
yes, definitely time for some folks to go home.
Spring Break almost feels like Summer!
Best subject line for a discussion thread ever? "Songs (non-Enya) with incomprehensible lyrics"
I downloaded the demo last night, will do
same here my friend
We will be there via Houstons What a perfect day, its finally here.
Oops, rooster. City girl mistake! RT : Friend many moons ago showed me the sparkle thingy for my rooster :)
I need to apply there.
“: Thanks 2#CBS radioFam 4helping us spread updates #WSShooter” And thank you!
Looking for people intrested in advertising on foot in various locations. Know anyone who wants to make a couple extra dollars?
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who leads everyone into believing they're a good christian, but goes cray cray on the weekends.
Thanks for the follow you gorgeous people, you! !
Thinking of Japan...
Paul Tillich~ The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself in spite of being unacceptable.
airport soon :)
where can you buy hypnotic in DC?
I just did when tweeted xD
This life it was made for me & im not giving it up for nobody!!
Professionals, entrepreneurs, creatives, educators, innovators, etc., all roads lead to tomorrow.
Wanted to thank publicly for helping solve my hacked twitter account problem. Sorry to anyone else that got spammed from me.
You like MMOs which ones do you play. I used to play Ultima Online, I was a tamer.
If you got a red envelope during a December visit, don't forget to bring it in sometime before Feb 28 to see what prize you won!
You need to be more brave, like me. But I guess I'm only brave when hiding behind a vacuum, which is weird &maybe not so brave
Lockout or Cabin In The Woods? I need some help twitter!!
I saw a werewolf drinking a piña colada at Trader Vic's, his hair was perfect!
Hey Mermaids fans you should check out my book trailers on youtube.. just go to youtube and put Erin Sankey you'll see both
Yes yes yes, Lauryn where are you? RT : Lauryn Hill come back please.
How are you two? Are you working today?
When people touch my hair LOL <<<<<
Then the thing tht kills me is people dont care! But wen they feel some type of way im supposed to care! FUCK THT !
You think YES Organic sells shea butter? I don't feel like going far lol
Good morning friends! Another crazy day of shooting yesterday...and today...and tomorrow...
Haha.. Done it! “Next time a blocked number calls you answer like this: "Jim's whore house. You got the dough, we got the hoe."”
fancy pants!
and I can say you helped out big time!
Round 2 at here we come
RT GetEddyForThis #iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo all the chinese people in topeka who have made me money this past week haha
What's the quality like of the Hattiloo productions? Is there some good acting talent there? I've been meaning to go!
First time on southwest. Seems like its the first time for a lot of people.. flying in general.
off 2 work I go just got to grab a coffee!!
where can we find the actual interview? The link that you provided lacked the good stuff. Thanks
HOD/Nikita had been neck in neck with Ringers ratings. The knew one of the 3 would go but Witch one? SMG is now pregnant so
lol its okay. but he isnt gay?
If beauty is found in the youth why are pimples so ugly?
thanks for the follow man
what boyz follow you doe
Thanks Clare!!!
Follow us on Facebook for more photos/videos and news. Just search for Brooks Custom. Mount Kisco, NY
aw <3 thank you ,so r u <3
My sisterr scareed me /: she told me & amarilis if she says " leave" to pack up my niece & drive to my brothers house.
Did just get on Tiny Chat!?!?!?
Hey just saw your twin walking down Broadway carrying a mirror from family dollar
Inhale the good shit, exhale the bullshit.
Any have any good follower recommendations for me? Looking to follow some new people.
Need coaching on relationships or life? Make an appointment with he is good at what he does.
Love how mark brown is Arthur and some. awards.
Hi we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
I can literally hear every word these girls say from down the hall.
With drafting of TRich & Schwartz to bolster run game, pressure on Weeden will be significantly decreased. Perfect compliments for our O.
Right on! RT : #TWITTERTIP Do not have somebody else to tweet for you. Use your OWN voice to connect with others.
Tried to tough it out at work, but I'm pretty sure I have the flu. Home now. Hoping I can sleep and feel better.
Just made devils eggs. They look like they were dragged through hell for sure.
hey thank you for following us :) have you checked out our music yet?
oh shit all time low on TV!!!
Rock'n the house in Orlando! Go
hi all -- please join the ucla presenters upstairs in the Cyprus room
I'll leave it up to my nearly 5 y.o. daughter to test the battery life while using Netflix. :-)
this political season is going to mean mega profits for the tv industry.maybe as much as a couple billion spent.find where business is going
TSO's "Christmas Eve Sarajevo" gave my cello fingers a workout this AM. It was fun. Good to play cello more lately.
I love living in LA. You get to go to cool events! They're right at your doorstep all the time.
I think that dumb bitch from Goldrush rides her bike through my gas station pissing everybody off. I'm going to pop her tires whoever it is.
lol I just bought one for my mom gift shop
Turn on my old phone and theres all our old convos :)
me to! Glad I checked it out online...bout to start dvr-ing it! Love it!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE PHILLIP! Your voice is great! :)
got chu my twitter was bein stupid
": it's not everyday a phone smells like dog treats #whattheheck"Hahahaha your phone has a weird appetite!
technically i think it was brentwood, but... really fancy brentwood.
Sometimes I whisper a quick note of thanks to god when i find chapstick in my coat pocket
So much #IB homework... at least its the
Andrya is horrible ... forfeiture ever showed you ... like REAL talk.
#Easter Weekend is Here. How are you looking?Come4New look! #Weaves #Braids Color #MakeUpArtist The 1StopGlamour #Salon #Oakland 5108321100
WOO! LET'S GET DRUNK!
Youngsters who show respect >
If they're vitally important, they'll call ya! Let me know if I can help with the nonprofit job search .
-_- I need to sleep obviously. I can't freaking text to save my life. P.L.U.R.<3
Congrats to Ed Carpenter and Sarah Fisher for their win at Kentucky.
In the U of California system 2009 that is....
Feel like I'm missing something with all the Mumford & Sons hype. The album just doesn't do much for me.
damn, so stressed that the ulcer in my stomache is bleedin again. tell me that artists dont stress lol
Steelers having superb offseason. Somehow kept Wallace and, despite picking low, drafted two quality OL players, shoring up only weak spot.
no prob! Just let me know what you need!
"When I die bury me upside-down so the Redcoats can kiss my ass." - Thomas Jefferson July 9th, 1820
album prod. by would be dope as fuck
I wished you would have followed me on Jan. 7th (My Birthday) ;But you didnt ): my wish didnt come true , #SOMEDAY You Will <3
I'm still sick. Not getting Any better at all.
What is your favorite part of doing #Pilates? Is it the actual moves? Does it relax you?
What a beautiful day to be off from work! Spent the AM packing & organizing. This moving to Chicago thing is getting serious!
So much for that Pittsburgh stop... ": Final three shows of the Ashes & Fire tour starting tomorrow. Best tour of my life. ..."
dinner soon! Im heading to Louisville for the weekend. Ahaha, your guess is as good as mine :p
On this day in 1905, Albert Einstein published his paper in which he revealed the relationship between Mass and Energy was E=MC²
Swing w/ Jeremy Schrader & see footage from ur fave Rat Pack films @ 's patio launch - bringing something Neu to #Memphis!
Delightful revelation of the morning: div id="content" formats text on screen! Who knew? Besides people who actually know code?
#sacscoc Just because a student can Google and game doesn't mean they can be successful online.
It *can* be interesting. It can also be pleasant as well as unpleasant; juggling bills can be as much fun as juggling balls!
you time.I know all this because you see my wife has early onset Alzheimer's disease, it has been 5 years now,
Big day today. The Avett Brothers in Springfield and the Wizards kick it off in DC.
Like I said, I'll try!
: I dig the pink suit man! You should start your own mens line..lets tag team.
Today I speak at the NACWE Teleconference w/ on the Power of Joint Ventures. It is not too late to join us!...
anyway, ty for the info. Maybe its just spam I'm getting.
“ I'm too cute to be this hungry, lmaoo.” !!
That awkward moment when your in traffic and you look behind you and the guy In the other car decides to flip you off. -___-
I wasn't happy to be on the field tonight..... It didn't feel right to me, and it didn't feel right to the team......
Arnold Bennett~ It is well when judging a friend to remember that he is judging you with the same godlike and superior impartiality.
"Think, think, think." Winnie the Pooh
I wonder NBCSports will pre-empt the #Rangers vs #Capitals game at 4pm if this game goes to OT for a horse race that isn't for another 2 hrs
lol it's actually Ravi's, jokes on you all!
lots of healing energy to you! :)
author Matthew Inman live in Bethesda doing a fun lecture and book signing tonight.
today's scones are off the hook!
is glad is able to make it.
Another productive day at with our awesome new intern
CMGO setting up for EOD push.. hearing big things next week!!!
Bro....SWAG for days.
Not sure if I've lost all direction, motivation, and my life is falling apart. Or just tired.
I already am, as the unofficial spokesman.
What are your favorite resources for conference poster presentations? I haven't done one before. Thanks!
Wow! I just lost 30 pounds! Of personal papers, to the shredder! Mike at A+ shredding let me watch. Best $5 ever!
Tweet: I disagree Tweet: fuck, you got me
What is more tedious and unwatchable? Four days of Vikings Stadium debate at the State Capital or a Twins home stand.
What do you call a grasshopper with no legs ?A grasshover !
Long trip back North - steadier gettin colder - Love I-95 traffic
Like the rest of us, Romney made $42.6 million while he was unemployed.
Me to! Lls. RT : I have a HUGE forehead , lmfao . UGH
We printed Best of 2011 books that came out today! Pick up a copy at Stinkweeds -- www.stinkweeds.com
If I dress like a douche, roll with douches and do douchey things like cocking my hat to the side but I am not a douche, am I a doucheposer?
Im walking on sunshine! :)
Bring your friends to to watch the #RANGERS & #KNICKS play on one of our 30 flatscreen tv's!
. Acts like Madonna but listens to Merle
Congrats for running in the St. Jude's Country Music Marathon today!
almost tyme fa lunch
Talent show practice was a
YOU KNOW YOU LOVE ME. I KNOW YOU CARE. JUST SHOUT WHENEVER. AND I'LL BE THERE....with Austin. (; AND NO. MWAHAHA :D
It done got a little hot outside
Knight Foundation is looking for new tools to help people translate their ideas into action to improve their communities
Track practice, last day of practice... Then chick fil a party :)
That's what sellouts do. And joining the ICC board as CEO is pretty much the definition of sellout.
Ayyyyy, UK+Spain this summer!!!!!
best DJ in town
It feels a heck of a lot better to be the last person on the earlier train than the first one on the next.
Shout out to #Costco for providing me with a mini lunch
Shouldn't have had that double meat and extra cheese sub from subway. Don't want to go back to work.
ahh me to!! its helping me relax rite now(:
"Nene take Andre Miller with you!!!
You fuckn bitch.(:
europe for the night
the rich and poor ignore each other but a house divided cannot stand. rigorous and tailored education for the lower class is the only answer
I'm just excited. Not much goes on in my everyday life.
Beginning to put together Babby's First Book Proposal.
While u blow trees, remember that they'd like 2 hang u from 1. Live ur life, but don't give them an easy excuse. Program my numbr 7132227577
yea yup
Right! Where's the sun?!
All the teams I want to see win the #worldcup keep ending up in draw matches. DRAWING IS FOR ART CLASS!
It used to be there was no "I" in WII
I love that movie
Next time I go to LA um getting my marijuana prescription
Five hours to go I feel Hung over from sleep deprivation!!!
Good night everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> Good night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
This weather will get you sick. Bundle up today!
and killed 5 hookers while at SMU. RT Skinny Charles Barkley is down to eating just three strippers a week.
I knew a guy in college who made it through an entire summer break on $50 of three-for-a-buck macaroni & cheese he bought in June.
Ugh Bad Start Of The Day -.- Hope It Gets Better ((:
The further one is removed from the atrocity, the more likely one is to allow it to happen: For discussion today at 1 pm
is enjoying Tuesday in sunny Iraq - ready for TOP 3 shift tonight. Welcome back Weed!
we Hustle ask about me im bout this life #Zone5 #4thward #5points #everythingisaboutthe$$
Noenickx hates on my life.
My favorite part of a cleaning frenzy is reorganizing the bookshelf!
More people planning for the zombie apocalypse, this time at Julius Meinl on Southport.
ohhi will follow u Ok
What is good America?
SPECIAL OF THE NIGHT- "Summer-Fredo" yum stop on by :)
Going to watch my bro kick ass in baseball
Please send a letter asking the Secretary of Agriculture to implement an immediate “time out” on road-building on national forestlands.
So Fringe was renewed for a 4th season. Love it! Now NBC needs to do the same with Chuck. I would be so pissed if they cancelled it.
Hi. How are you?
nothing much...we gotta get together!
We received our Silver Anvil trophies today! Unfortunately, one was broken.
omg that's cool!!! Were almost soulmates lol
Am interested in any reporductive health stories linked to Text to change
says the girl who is tweeting during the movie
I didnt see you today! Tomorrow?! Cc
7am is always a good time to read comments section on race & gender 0_o. Better than coffee!
People always say what do you like most? well i dont wanna brag, i dont wanna boast. I always tell em........ I LIKE TOAST.
Fun! RT : Tweet Up w/ 11/23 from 5-6 p.m. say Magazine and get a free pickle back.
Rather apropos for #PinotNoir. The 2 über-terroir grapes! RT : and all these years I was calling it Red
Having trouble getting into the rhythm of twitter. Fearing that this makes me old.
All I get is cheese like am taking pictures
He isn't even saying anything that's bad, but I'm still nervous....
so does ok state win national championship?
The Hair of the Belly special is sold out! Open til 4pm, then back for late night 11pm-3am
Big Ang is a mess lol
Hines Academy in Milwaukee CLOSED Tuesday-heating issues.
that's good!
Watchin how to be a player!
It really was, and al after non too!
Just finished airing our show....Hope you guys and gals enjoyed...Any feedback will greatly welcomed!! xoxo
I will totally come over and eat them if you do!
well nobody is perfect and I guess that's ur flaw lol :)
I'm the only one that doesn't think my opinions are unpopular.
I've had people ask me why I wear an ARMY shirt. It's 2 honor my father, grandfather, former players of mine, & the ones serving our country
How do you know Trojan ate your favorite condoms?
yeah, I usually like him too. But you're right. Antagonizing #BBN is how some of them make a living. We're just that powerful!
At work getting it in, had to do 12 yesterday... Lets go
Wow, if u were from Oregon, there is no way possible u would be that tan! Unbelievably Beautiful!
THIS IS A TRUE STATEMENT LOL ": Everybody I know from Lansing is weird."
He is playing to the conservative wing until he cements the GOP election. He will then move to the center promotg MA reform!!
My dad is the most punctual man I know. If his date is late 10 minutes, he'll ditch her.
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry show life you have a thousand reasons to smile.
I can't wait.
“: Do the rolling stones have real hair? There is a serious argument happening over this.” // Seriously though! Anyone know?
Golden Doodle :)!
“: RT : Netanyahu: "Containment is definitely not an option." Prevention, not Containment. -
So Good - Say Anything
awesome. I will refrain from asking too many questions.
Happy Brackets Day!
Vip’s get discount tickets on Knott’s Scary Farm. Call us for details 619-226-1121 or vipclubcard.com
I've been. Disneyland, universal, and disney world. But I wanna go now that I'm an adult lol
I'm so mad that I can't go to deedy party ;/ Fml !!!!!
Gotta go with Rousing Sermon for the #kentuckyderby tonight, afterall I am a
About to head in to work, keeping my head to the sky and hoping for brighter days cause' lord knows this ain't the life.
We can only go to spring fling for about 45 min- 1hr but your mom is going to have to take u home or u come to my game.
I enjoy your stories on Danny and agree wholeheartedly - Danny Gokey will win!! I am also not a homeboy.
I can't wait to get my eye mask. It's gonna help so much with this sleeping problem.
just got my clay matthews shirt with the hair going down it!!look for pics coming once i get it!! Stay Strong
M Friday! I've been waiting for you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
: Best of luck. I know you'll do well.
Facebook, ice cream, and Beavis and Butthead do America on a monday night.
What color should I go!?!?!
I like your thinking!
I think imagination is often more important than technique.
and Jeff Beck with a searing version of 'Let me love you baby' on the In Performance at the White House
Summer Sale at www.justmeboutique.com you will receive 20% off your purchase.
Our neighborhood seems to be awkwardly friendly. A neighbor just knocked until I got out of bed to ask me for our landscaper's number.
That awkward moment when you realize that Mist Raven bounces your opponent's stuff too.
happy birthday!! “: Perfect day for Sunday Funday!! #happybirthdaytome”
That is awesome, would love to talk more. Can you shoot us an email with more info?
I'm about to go to the mall and get me a short set its summer time lol
Mauria's presentation was great! Can't look at quantitative data without qualitative-- yes!
He tweeted during the red flag stoppage not while driving. C'mon man!!
Now I am so glad I made Harissa today!
yeah.. Whenever you hmu!
Kansas in July kinda sucks to be honest
Everyone go follow [:
First tweet from Ex Libris! Hello Twitter :)
Working with SWW on Haudanashonee women and Matilda J HGage- Q: What was role of Iroquois model on feminists in 19th century?
Congratulations Bum #1 Fear the turtle!!!!!
More caramel corn! Plus: spiced almond brittle and cherry-chocolate cookies.
Gonna be worth a tune-in? Seriously, I'll switch off the Sirius Real Jazz.
I'm so ready for #Vegas. Can't wait for the #NFR and Trents first time to the city of lights.
I hate Twitter character limit
When sends you an 11 min video called "how to Twerk for dummies" <<<<
Lol brittany is a drama Queen ..
RT : Good morning - please take me to disney. Thank you!
I'm going back to bed! Screw this it's saturday I'm going back to dream-land!
Fab social media mantra from attendee - personality, preach, promote
hey your tweets r funny Lmfaoo :D
GPA only dropped .01 this semester. yeah :)
that's what they say...but research proves women in leadership are still inherently considered inferior
Happy St Patty's. Errands, performance in VA, back in time to maybe make it out???
Thanks for the add!
lmaoooooo you must be spying on me
#Top10Lies I told her everything. I was working. I didn't hear my phone..?! :P
Just hit some shit called cali orange I swear I aint got any lungs left
Last night's scary kid moment: text from 14 yr old son right after school: "Do we have any condoms in the house?"
it's only Wednesday...
I REALLY didn't see it with Robinson on tape. Surprises me. Don't see him making an impact for year or 2
"I just want to spend every possible minute of the rest of my life with you." Oh I would marry Peeta in a heartbeat! :')
I absolutely love it :-) and the lip balm? Heavenly.
See y'all mañana
My dear friends, thank you for feeding my passions and obsessions!
Congrats Lady on your 5th straight Final Four.
Great ideas are like beards: Men do not have them until they grow up...
'you wreck me' just came on shuffle THANK GOD
If you follow me JUST to get a follow back, please refrain. I'm not in the twitter numbers game. Hate to lock down my account.
I now have layers shorter than my bangs
will perform in the big room at 3p! Don't miss 'em playing a and gig tonight at Rumba Cafe!
What if I told you I'm not saying its aliens, but ALIENS
in a good mood already ? This is great . (: #lehhgo !
RT : Carry yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king. Carry yourself as a hoe & we'll see how far you go.
So when is filing taxes going to get disrupted already?
Congrats to , into the semis of mixed doubles at the US Open! Impressive.
Saw some cool space capsules today...wish our space program had an operational vehicle right now
I'm wondering if underachievement is due to inappropriate learning experiences?
Going through car washes is probably at the top of my fears list.
From hunt PhD, 90% of private clubs will need an online community within 5 years
Oakleys and ray bans >>>
Just finished reading your piece on Eastern WA wine country. Good one!
U must be very special. I worry & pray for you as much as I pray for my own daughter. Keep leaning on the Lord; He's got you
and the moment you've all been waiting for, Sal wins the pierogie race by the length of a frying pan.
I BET I LOVE HER MORE THN YOU!!(: #followme? <33
AUSTIN IS AMAZING AND SO IS YOUR SONG (:
As if it wasn't bad enough that cashiers asked for your zipcode, now they want your phone number! What's next? Fingerprints? Just say no.
RT“: The big homie , co-founder of & super trill OG has just made a Twitter. Follow that man.”
is "hose" a technical term?
they were On it today...
Cast. Dir. Sherie Hernandez (Rita Rocks). Fun, great personality! Met again Cast. Dir. Tarquin Alexander (Middle). Helped clean up resumes.
HOOD ROAD WHAT A NAME FOR A STREET
take an additional 20% off all red tag shoes!!!! that's right come on in to city gear 4443 cane run road
Really curious about what the new/latest plan for world domination looks like...
To 'like' your own status, is like highfiving yourself in public.
In a heated argument we are apt to lose sight of the truth.
RT “: I think worship leading is just the broken, hungry and desperate leading the broken, hungry and desperate..”
Breakfast, workout then work..... Bawse
how was your day? and anyone else who reads this
so awesome!! Are you going to attend SYTYCDX, Vegas?!
I can get low don't know which way is up, ya I can get high like I could never come down.
Very interesting... RT BREAKING: Facebook acquires Instagram, story to follow shortly.
Why do I even bother watching these games??
Watching but look forward to Boris' updates for & Thanks in advance Boris. Go 11 18 & 20!!!
RT : Ok this is it. I'm going to bed b/c the iPad is at 8%. #teamiPad.>>Time to re-charge
I love hearing that some lawyers are gonna be shot... too bad you can't get 'em all!!!
Club One is having a reunion...... You will see us there!
": i honestly cant wait to have lil manisha's running around" what!?? Will Alex and Logan have cousins?? :)
Nice. I miss going to the games. I only went to 1 game last season. Since I was only in town for 2 weeks.
how fake justin didnt say that its all these articles with different types of stories fake
#packers win #bears lose GREAT SUNDAY
Just got free McAlisters Sweet Tea with !
Katie Cassidy is in EVERYTHING.
Best gift? The hubby got us tickets to see at the Wiltern. He's my absolute favorite and I'm so excited.
Oh well, alright then.
. My friend did one better: she contacted the awards organization that hosted the awards competition.
Really Firefox? You crashed even when I was physically away from my computer. This is getting old. Must convince IT to let me upgrade.
I know.... how friggin' funny is that!
Happy to have some new products on the shelf...cheers!
Hey, Devin wondering if you would run something in regard to the Elizabeth Banks/ 'Surrender Dorothy' issue, runs beyond "gossipy".
lmao you silly okay we definitely ready nd don't stand us up love you!
That's also BS. I use the Bethesda Metro every day, and they keep the down (only) going even on afternoon commutes.
Jacqueline Nguyen, 1st female federal appellate judge is here along with Circuit Judge Denny Chin. Obama doubled # of Asian American judges.
It is so dark in Oregon!! I can't wait until the days start getting longer again on 12/22. Sitting in front of my light box drinking eggnog.
These photos allow us to see ourselves at distance & thru another's eyes - the other within us, perhaps the root of sociability
oh ok.. watch it and later tell me your opinion, ok? :D
Happy birthday
It's 11:11 make my wish come true and follow me <3
I must say, it can't get NO BEAUTIFUL'er outside.......Come share some laughs with us tonite at AYEHOLEZ COMEDY SHOWCASE
It feels so good to sleep in my own bed.
BTW,I'm not contesting whether or not FB mattered after Jan25. I'm just saying it very much did for the initial demonstration.
S/o D.Wade tho that nigga say fuck you and attacked Collison punk ass
And sometimes you just need to put all the work down and let it be.
i love your laugh.
Women LOVE to be complimented....
very impressive start to his career. Great addition to Rangers staff working under Mike and Greg Maddux.
we tend to forget that these animals we bring to capitivity are wild by nature and are hard wired long before we got to train them
excellent tast in men and music
I can get you some small fries :o lol
I'm incorporating so many long words into my essay.. Gosh, I feel smart. :P
lol RT : RT : The #indians got Bobby Abreu? They're totally winning the 2008 World Series now.
#OHIO RT : #MarchMadness -- For the first time in NCAA men's tournament history, four teams from Ohio are in the Sweet 16.
Forcing down greek yogurt...
DentalCareABC thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
there are probably people with sanborns owl tattoos
My prisoner named Natalie duh
yeah, & hey go to sleep its pretty late!(:
That's mucho pastel, bro.
We love spreading Yummy edible feel-good love! Thanks again!
Kobe and the Lake Show are going down
is attempting to program her brain to ignore the freezing cold temperatures. It's not working yet.
They're amazing dancers, but I didn't expect like, those songs being played one after another lol
oh yeah I'll be there most definitely
What aunts are good for: introducing nephews to Twitter!
I promise tonight I will go out :))))
Looking for innovators, discoverers & entrepreneurs to join RBMasons I.D.E.A. Factory/Network & help solve the world's pressing problems.
Central Ohio's most succesful women as featured by Jacintha Balch Norren Warnock and more 7:30 on
My speciality is bringing out Your best style!
but I'm sure she has a good personality..I mean she's pregnant so she's obviously very friendly..right? <U+E404>
Mothers Day is around the corner and we've got you covered, from $10 to $10,000,000
Lmao thanks for the encouragement!!!
You are lying between the girl of your dreams and gay. You're naked. Who do you turn back?
RT : retention starts with the recruiting process #talentnet #talentmindset having spent years leading retention efforts...amen!
Had a great bday today I love my friends. School was pretty good I can't complain
Skiles is staying?
I'm obsessed with Bangarang -
Never leave the one u love for the one you like
Do you find it more difficult to hypnotize a close-friend or relative in comparison to a new acquaintance or stranger?
81% reporting, by the way.
I was staying home, when they was having fun.
:( u have facetime right u should facetime me on my ipod touch but i look like shit
haha what do you mean??? Lol
On my way to WORT to talk to Occupy attorneys. Call in with questions or comments 256-2001! Noon - 1:00 on 89.9FM, OUR community radio.
The dream begins again
Shop Local With Our City-by-City Guide With Thanksgiving behind us, the holiday shopping season is officially in full swing. If the crowd
dood, literally just got stung by a scorpion.... no bueno :l
: I'm certain that u receive a great deal of fan mail; nevertheless, I want to confess my sincerest admiration for ur work.
Is that doing the voiceover for an All-Star Game commercial starring Alex Gordon? I swoon for Ford.
Hey Doug. Just wanted to let you know we're sending your shirts today. Thanks for being a customer.
ha, i thought you might say that - i'll hold out and wait for your review, thx!
Seems like the second half is twice as long as the first!
Cornelius Harris schools about Detroit techno, records, submerge, and Afrofuturism
Blah, I think I may have f**ked up in a serious fashion </3
Just learned that my childhood field trips in Texas were so much better than true childhood field trips in WA.
This is the Official Twitter Page of Kustomized Giftzz www.kgiftzz.com Check us out today for the latest Customized Gifts
is a NY Jet - let the games begin!
The whole thing sounds obnoxious--I mean, you signed *every* preorder. How disheartening. So sorry.
RT : Google C3 Car Club and see what pops up! They're on the map!!!!
Many thanks, Ducks, for the RT.
Luvit! #realmusic RT : Yes it is! RT : is that you on the flute in the intro of the
roll my weed on it, thats an ass-tray.
APNewsBreak: GOP US Sen. candidate Mark Neumann's solar company got $81,000in grants under federal stimulus law.
"Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint." - Mark Twain
New blog post : 8 Dieting Tips for A Smaller Waistline
mailing list in my mind means technical discussion list. newsletter = customers. those are calls to action.
good lord... lol!
“: Will miss Gary Holquist of Minnesota-Duluth. One of the nicest guys in the business.” u see this?
Hells bells RT : Scratch that I AM going to for
I shall call him squishy and he should be mine, He will be my little squishy lol
Can't wait to try this new abs class tonight at the gym.
how did Gordy get on an NBA tweet before me?
PLAYOFF PREDICTIONS - says East Finals will be BOS over CHI and in the West LAL over OKC, with Lakers 3-peating over BOS
R.I.P. Don Cornelius - Thank you for all the Years of SoooooouuuuuL Train.
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place:) #swaaggie!!!!!!!!!!!!
sorry Lil I just had to
Yeah. I'm watching the #JERZATHON. Yeah buddy!
have you figured this out yet??
Just threw my phone against the wall. I'm in 's kill a bitch mode.
This boy has a backpack that says "Manchester United"!
to bad he can't play.
Hoot course creates a hallway for online students who don't have one
Friends don't let friends front tuck......
so nice to meet you! Hopefully I'll see you at one of my shows!
chilling with the fam up in the
RT Me you! Love ya rihanna!!!! : I'm on my level yea
ask The Boyz Whats The Craziest Thing A Fan has Done While The have Been On Tour. I'm Alana From Colorado <3
HarvardGSE's Bridget Terry Long will use Ohio data to shed some light on this question about student employment.
Yeah, if I didn't get at LEAST 12 hours a night during the summer before I got a job back then, I'd be mad at everyone I saw.
Today I wanna say how much I love Tina Fey! =p
- I usually blame the "To Zanarkand" theme.
This Common album any good, my family? Or this Jeezy?
Ohh baby baby.. Lol these girls are so young!..
Getting married to <3
Okay, So I'm Gonna Be On This More :)
Gavin literally gave me the shirt off his back today
Working on RWA blog post. Got to debrief. lol
Really enjoying the trade deadline. Some great moves, specifically #jondaniels and
New themes and avatars for ps3 :3
When old besfriends don't reply to your almost once every few month text < damn.
everyones excited. Preserve the hog....
Haha glad I'm not the only one!
Right. BUT it could've been cleaned up before being brought to Va? Do they plan to clean it up, like Enterprise?
Glass of wine, vocal trance internet radio, and so many social media sites.
2 trips to Jamba today. it's kinda like heaven in my mouth.
so sad about the 4 babies that died in the fire in Fairfield...
oh hey REMEMBER ME FROM THE TOUR IN NARNIA. good time with my friend the flying plattitpud<3
So stuffed, can't wait for desert
I have a home game Monday and so do you, now we can take pictures with our jerseys because we both are number 17:)
New imaging populated air waves...
They told me I couldn't come in Club Mia with boots on. WHAT
Looks like the ol' "delay the game to throw the dawgs off" trick has done the trick!
If he wears the same condoms
It seems you can have laser treatments just about everywhere. If you could have one laser treatment/session on your body, what would it be?
*where near as they.....you know what I mean.
Here's how you know if you're ready 4 this #musiclife.. if you're not asking to urself "what if I don't make back the money I'm investing?"
thanks for checking because I thought CCLS didnt exist on a Saturday.
i wont give up on us, even if the skies get rough
Nothing but Yankee victories this weekend as team Chasing800 was in the Bronx! www.Chasing800.com
I read the new Action Comics #1. Interesting, more aggressive Superman...
good morning love :)
Joan Jett to My Fair Lady. This is why and I are friends.
You give and you give and you give...
Follow my old friend and his incredible band and then buy their album. You're welcome.
Thrilled to be rolling out FieldConnect Mobile - cross platform (iOS, Android, Windows) construction scheduling for phones, tablets, desktop
Ture, but again, its not a parcel large enough to matter. DW is a speck of dust big picture wise.
Yummy Hispanic dinner for #CincoDeMayo ! Happy Saturday :-)
We wone in the boxing game
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways hold his girlfriend when she's sad, and always be there for her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
thankya! I hope to check out some other spots in Asia while there:D :) (and I'm still envious of your Greece adventure!)
Bout to jump in the shower. #SHOTZofXOcafe ya :-)
yea, let me know when youre free this week. I always have gym clothes with me.
ah I wish I could of been there!!! To heal all the pain! I love you!
Not sure, to tell the truth.
- IM held in respect & prayer in face of ignorance & danger, & "moderates" complicit by inaction!
True that!
TEAM (Back That Pass Up.) signed up for: Summer Co-ed Flag Football at Lewis and Clark College Wednesdays.
There's a little bit of devil in her angel eyes.
RT : Lineup at is about 20 min behind. Got to catch a bit of comedy, Big Rock Club up now. Very pop punk a la Ataris.
AeroVironment, Inc. - Looking forward to what you guys will come up with next!
why does pussy smell?
we talked,we had our plans ready,weeks go by waiting for a call ..nothing..one day i call u,u forgot *oh 24 hrs later u call me & i say no
And I'm telling everyone here that the brewers kick ass. Everyone.
Thx so much for the #ff. I really appreciate it!
Ya know, Newark, Delaware is not so bad. But that's just the thing... That's all Delaware has to offer :-|
What are u gorgeous girls referring to? Btw, is the recent pic by Drew of TL? lol
Everything works when you're high.
Epic positive resolution for the latest baby possum: She's in great hands at Coast & Canyon Wildlife in Malibu
yes we do! I'm the only real one. Got a new one from Scott....corny af.
Night night!!
We will make up for it love! :)
I'll see you tomorrow with my tools fuckface! RT : you don't have to call me and talk to me like that
already follow both and :)
thank you so much!
I threw together a little thing to show off tomorrow night. I'm calling it, "Y U NO USE ACCELERATE, FOO?". ...That's the working title.
i just got back from the pool
100% brought on self. Sets them apart RT : The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history. Is there any debate?
wrong city, I'm back in Seattle ;)
Coming up this Thursday, August 18th: Fashion Day & Mixer: 330 Miracle Mile in Coral Gables 6-9PM. Hope to see you there!
One sister is #vegan, they other is #vegetarian. Where do I take them for dinner? I'm struggling to find places.
you know whats nice about being out at 930 on a wednesday....the babies are in bed
where else can we keep in touch? i'm feeling so... limited by just two networks.
Now to March 30 student submitted 3 minute videos on "How to green Your Prom" wins prizes incl. trip to New York. www.teensturninggreen.org.
No official announcement but thunder and lightning pelting memorial stadium - no chance we start on time if at all
The clothes make the man, important when dressing 2 impress. Especially for a job interview, date night or a 1st date.
Kegerator.com - exactly what I want to do to the fridge in the garage.
live streaming the Streamy Awards
Am I the only one who thinks this sounds messed up? comes to Miami oftenly and I haven't met him o.O
So far I'm digging #SpriteSlamBudinger. The Woody Harrelson effect was classic!f
Brutal depictions prepare the beautiful image/ the perfect rule of the Prince and the world subdued and made innocent
oh...I'm not mad...I'm laughing. Out loud!
Merry Christmas
oh, don't be so snarky.
Associated Press reporting Michele Bachmann's campaign manager could drop out of race after tonight.
ok, yeah, thats what i meant.
yup. It was huge today. There were a bazillion people.
Who got a ankle brace for they sahab?.. Lol cus I'm hoopin on this bitch!
People who buy coffee mainly at drive through windows on their way to work spend as much as 2 days a year waiting in line.
coworker: "He's tall, beautiful, and sexy" other coworker: "That's how they get ya"... yeah office pep talks
Seeing singing in the band show made me feel so proud. This is only the beginning.
"That's so Reagan"
Theyre gay. Who comes to someones house just to ask for gum, gtfo.
Ever heard the terms Port, Starboard or Capsize? Paul brushes up on his sailing vocabulary at South Beach Yacht Club, Sat (9/11/10) @ 5:30pm
"Happy Valentine's Day"
Something I don't enjoy about this class is that it is very conservative. This is what I get for going to a conservative school.
IF YOU WANT YOUR MUSIC OUT HIT JAY BIZZLE UP. GOGGLE HIM.
Woot! RT 76' - GOAL!!!! Kalif Alhassan scores! Takes off a short free kick and expertly chips the keeper. Timbers lead 3-1.
checking images for the st gall monastery virtual library, talking about XML in Johanna Drucker's design workshop, working on the campaign
By a man being sent off for Chelsea I think its hurt Barca since Chelsea is constantly in the box limiting space
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali
Vomiting crew lets the machines do some repair work for them...fixed some damage in corridor one.
Nice work!
hello all I just Published a new poetry novel The Book of Poems of That Traveler if you would info. on my poetry novel just email.
Oh so you drink and you're in the 8th grade?..... You are so cool.
sometimes a girl just needs some instant potatoes and chocolate milk in a wine glass
nite but I'm not goin to sleep! Wyd??
#AllHailAle. Centennial hop plants that were just 1/4 in buds last week are now 3 ft bines. I'd best get started on that new trellis system!
Party outfitters is a great company and I've loved working events for them this summer
Escondido man hit by drunk driver in his own backyard has compound fracture to leg and broken bones in face (but in "fair" condition)
When I wrote this I thought of Eric Kelly! "Oh I'm a lifegaurd, I'll save you."
Welcome to it, whitey.
Approaching 2k on the ol twitter! Tell you friends to follow us! We'll put up something FREE when we cross the line
Together is a wonderful place to be
#tripleventicaramelmachiato a $5.20 value is mine free as a reward from #starbucks just b/c this is my office.
Going to my aunts laterr. Then gonna come home, & pack for Tennessee, :D
we'll be glad to participate
“: “: Mosquitos are more attracted to people who have recently drank beer.” sucks for me :(
Thanks! Y'all are awesome.
thx and back at ya
Sounds like a bunch of angry bees in a can. STHU!!!
lmfao Why it gotta be May tho? -_- My B day is on da 22nd
Its true yu really need to invest in yourself!! you cant depend or wait on anybody!!
Lea Lea : on a scale of one to gay how gay do I look? Me: well.... You look like a grown ass man Lea Lea: so a 9
I HAVE THE BEST IDOL EVER AND IS YOU love ya
Where's everyone going for Mother's Day brunch? (Yes, it's this Sunday.)
This is way harder than I thought it was gonna be.
:) Thanks DC!
"It's difficult to innovate when it takes 5 years to change course" -Scot Copeland
James Cameron Edits ‘Titanic 3D’ to Fix Inaccuracies in Night’s Sky
Tenacious D just tempered my growing bad move.
I'm never going to get a car the way shit keeps going
Definitely true, but "Losing My Edge" was his breakthrough. It's a great take-down of a certain kind of long-time scene snob.
You gotta calm your fucking tits & stop your winning.
#nowcraving one of their Mexican Mochas
All i want is you next to me cause you help me sleep
thanks man! let's hang out soon.
SN: yall inboxs be mad dry. Come to the Mixer and see how many messages you get.
... What's two years? He's the same maturity as some seniors I know.
my roommate and her bf have been playing it nonstop from what i can tell haha
Cowboys Use First 4 Draft Picks On Defense
I need a rubber band. Aversion therapy always works for me.
I'm loving this McDonald's right now <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Yes, I quite enjoy swing dancing. :)
The best gift exchange ever. Leopard print panties, bacon toothpaste, and the Book of Mormon.
it's Mayra... lol! but goodnight! :)
DWD Sec. Reggie Newson says he did not confer with Gov. Walker before releasing revised #wijobs numbers.
When ego is lost, limit is lost.
Buy produce/meats/grains and have fun picking out new things, cook them in healthy ways, and leave the processed stuff out.
is having a great day!
he was reading at a store in brooklyn. sorry i missed it
there are no ugly bitches.. bitches are for most part beautiful ... sorry...
Okay. *Smiles*
Love + Sex = A Epic collision
its okay, everyone shared the same deep saddening.
congrats! since you dont really remember the first 1/3 of your life this means you've been together half your lives!
Thanks for including. :)
This is COOL. White Sox Philip Humber is one out away from a perfect game... LIVE right now on Fox 9.
I don't care if it was politically unwise—thank goodness for people like Joe Biden, speaking up for gay marriage. Now where's the prez?
Does anyone that went to alabama not have dreds?
You know, if people focused more on their own fricking lives there would be a lot less strife! PS 2 months and change!!!
Actually, he was a birther before he evolved...": Obama wasn’t born in Kenya, except when he claims he was born
Learn from the disappointments and build on the successes. This is your time to fulfill your best possibilities!
This week is a nightmare but next week is good! Tue/Wed/Thurs???? :)))
Good morning! How do you start a productive day? We start at the gym ! Have a great day!
lol I mean it..Atlanta...just got back 2 days ago..we don't leave for a couple of weeks to begin tour season ...where r u?
Still sad, he had to fly further than anyone for the game and played so little. Hope he enjoyed himself anyway
Sixers have this, and it was nice to see pierce not fake a wheelchair injury. Another POS
Showing a location scout around right now. Will we be HBO bound? ;)
Any Easter plans? Haha hope ya get some rest. :) I should too or workout lots. I can write letters, no electronics for 13 wks
choice needs to go
I wouldn't say I was missing it, Bob.
please follow me please :)
Voodoo. like voodoo donuts lol, you'll understand once you come to Oregon! Miss you
Thanks for rt! off laying in sun @ beach ;) <ope yor day is going well :)
LOL I've often had "Grade sixty papers, whattaya get? Another day older and deeper debt" in my head
our first assignment is a documentary. They're like real movies but with ugly people
follow back?
IN LOVE!
Dallas store looked great Simmon asked in french about top,it was Dries just FYI we have you dining room chairs in house!
are you here??! How about Coyotes?!
Very close lol
I don't trust the govenment with my money. why would I trust it with my heart. That one James
we drank the whole bottom so... Couldn't tell you what kind it was for the life of me. :)
gaaaw why are you so pretty ?! lolol (:
i don't have one of her.... sry
It's hot af and I'm ready to go! My mom made her a new friend and she about to get left!
still the best costume! lol
Celebrating the history of drink in India
I'm overjoyed w/ the Hudson Loft Series. It results in new friends, books, & ideas for us all. I couldn't have hoped for better. Thank you!!
I have faith in your abilities.
Haapy, happy birthday !!!
Whoever is calling from a restricted number: Grow up. Prank calling is one thing but you took it way, way too far.
Fed makes surprise announcement to keep low rates into 2014. Includes statement that economy is "expanding moderately" and inflation subdued
fruit loops > class
#nce11 schools are not set up to do what we're asking them to today, Hess says to supts.
does anyone out there have student-worker management suggestions?
Is His Dark Materials gonna spoil the Harry Potter series 4 me? I still haven't read them. I wonder how it compares to Pullman's trilogy.
Thanks! Just downloaded it ;-)
I just sent & an uber long (& hopefully great) email. Totally jealous you get to eat there & hang with them.
How would I go about sending you a press release regarding the upcoming 2012 Glasgow Council Elections? Thank you!
"how many women have u been with?" "sexually?" "no breakdance fighting."
Dear how can I get a body like yours like its flawless like I would do anything to get a body like urs sincerely Abby! <3
Every encounter is an opportunity 2meet some1. B aware of ur surroundings. Engage & Listen.
Good Morning Cuz
OSAMA IS DEAD! :D
Gotta remember to pack my glittery Minnie Mouse ears to take with me on the inaugural #Disney Fantasy cruise! So excited!
This sweet cream has been reconstituted into Parkay.
Well no extra sleep for me. I see a lot of caffeine in my near future! Ready to get this night of work over with!
80legs Python API is now available!
NO IT'S LADY A. :( oh well I love them too.
I want some Eskamoes on the cool
Getting things done , step by step.
Beauty! 3-pointer from Blake! Come on, Lakers!
Whoa Whoa, when I went home and let you know, you were already at home as well. You were a no show.
hey girl what u bn up to
other way around (:
5 Palm Beach County DMV Employees arrested for accepting cash to get illegal immigrants drivers licenses
That's exactly what I wish to know!
I have found the game to be, in all factualness, a universal language wherever I traveled at home or abroad. - Ben Hogan
Follow our ed policy think tank friends
Make mistakes, but learn to never regret them. Because your greatest mistakes will become your greatest lessons.
Slicin' up eyeballs I want you to knoww!
we'll do our handshake in lunch.Okay:DD
You're welcome. sorry I didn't have the answer you wanted
My advice to restaurant owners, start with the most popular social media websites around – Facebook, MySpace, Multiply, etc....
#MUSIC u stole my heart frm HER and I'm LOVING EVERY SECOND OF IT
I'd say something. I get bullied myself. It doesn't feel good. If I saw someone getting bullied it wouldn't be pretty.
Just a reminder the clocks go up an hour today
St. John's hanging w/Miami Hurricanes at halftime...Oh wait. Sorry. It's actually Knicks-Heat. My bad.
Chilly, windy, and looks like its gonna get wet today. I was hoping the weatherman was wrong today but I guess not =\
it's addicting-great for breakfast oor as a late night snack! Any time, really
There has to be at least a couple of days a year ;-)....RT : Rainy day in Tahoe.....
Oh, that is the worst! I type mine in Word just so I have a backup. Our system sometimes doesn't save or shuts down w/o saving.
I could live w/ a Depp cameo, but no more starring roles for him in a Burton film!!
The current deficit in California is $16 billion. Illegal immigration is beyond 'out of control' in California. YOU add up the numbers!!
Are we all suppose to be dumb enough to overlook that or not realize it's a plant. My 1st thought, "Who paid her?"
"The aim of education is the reconstruction of a person." Elliot Eisner
yay good! it's gorgeous out!
I love turtles because they are just so chill. They're like, yeah man I feel like swimming today, maybe eat some lettuce.
is the best prospect the #NYR produced since Brian Leetch.
At the age of 18, a young man (college freshman) called me "ma'm" for the 1st time.
#1DOhio cuz Ohio girls get it done!!!
YOU freaking rule! How was your thanksgiving?
GO Steelers! lol
“: Saying to your friend, "there's your best friend" when you see someone they hate.”
make two dreams come true but following me nd 19
RT : predicts ongoing challenges for local govt as a result of state budget
hahaha yes I love the koala one! I don't have any more saved on my phone -__- lol
Silence is a cure for grief – an Arabic proverb.
lmao ... Chile that woman ..!!! Lol in gone need a blunt lol
Bangalore eyes financial businesses - Hindu Business Line
Plus, you know, the actual sessions and exhibits. So much good stuff coming up!
#BullsNation it's game day!
nope, he headed to prison this morning, working the media
Cujo Come Home
Watch our good FL friends kick some OH ass tonight in the first night of 1130pm
Drake is one of the VERY FEW MUSICIANS in the rap game. He has an amazing feel for melody
Any examples of great QR Code campaigns?
i can do weekday drinks next weeks for sure! what day is good for you?
Soo unreal. Ill miss you so much pawpaw..
I’m excited and can’t wait to see all of you on Sat.
7, you mean during the first ten minutes, right?
glad I'm not the only adult that realizes that lol
"weaving" mobile into classroom learning
Get #BlackBooks on DVD and watch all of it. HILARIOUS.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell
I have the most beautiful girlfriend in the world! I love her! Happy 9 months
Can't wait to see what does with this situation when he takes the stage shortly. Will keep all of you posted.
Thanks for following BSN SPORTS! As a thank you, take 15% off your next order by using Flyer Code F6 at checkout. Expires 5/31/12
We are at having our 1st DC Fundraiser helping to raiseoney for our Fashion First Program taking DC students to NYC!!!
SOMEONE CUT MY HAIR ITS TOO LONG AND TOO MUCH
This is the second time in just six months that a teacher from Hudson's Bay has died in a tragic accident
After watching Breaking Bad I have decided that the Pontiac Aztek isnt ugly, it was simply light years ahead of its time.
lol ok you called me out:)
beauty and the best?
Thanks, man. Plenty of time to think when you're running. You know.
Truth RT : What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it. Don't waste it.
Tuesday night. No.
SHOUTOUT TO COAST TO COAST INDUSTRY FOR COMING TO THE D THE JUDGES ALL THE TALENT AND SHORT DAWG YALL DID YALL THANG TONITE
enjoying the start of my 4 day weekend.. new couch comes tomorrow!!! 2011, you've been good to me
Just landed , finally home !!!!
Had a terrible experience at the in Pentagon City. It was disorganized, the staff was rude, and my order was incorrect to boot.
I love this show! So much talent!!!!!!!
Spring Tag Sales, Flea Markets, Book Sales
will you read it to me? <3
Good night. Back to the drawing board tomorrow.
You think Quarless will have an impact later in the year?
Life's a bitch, learn to fuck it.
Now the whole cast is going! DANGER!
Go inside
Thanks! Its more about learning new tools and processes...AGH! Happy Friday!
Anton Pavlovich Chekhov~ We shall find peace. We shall hear angels we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
Trying to start working my way toward vegetarianism starting tomorrow.
heading to Agent Provocateur today and finally buying the underwear I deserve.
Sunday night margs maybe? Cc to all pals.
There is no finer investment for any community than putting milk into babies. Winston Churchill
added you :D
#FF dating and fitness for the serious minded!
Happy St. Patrick's Day
Anthony you know that was not nice to beat my team. Glad to see you doing well. Congrats
Packing up and getting ready for the last dinner all together with the fam in Hilton Head.
i aint no teacher but babe i can teach yuhh sumthing
Listening to trust issues
the enthusiasm surrounding it reminds me of the monorail episode of the Simpsons.
,"Cincinnati's favorite brand of primary-colored garage pop since 2006",brings their soothing melodies to Feb.10th.
Hearing on the radio makes me happy :)))
Hey now!!! LOL Things are pretty busy here, just how I like it. I am way more productive when I'm busy. Ready for the weekend?
#thingspeopleshouldnotdo Not be on that #bartab hype!
that is awesome!
Funds Available to Implement SORNA Programs via crimeinamerica.net.
LMAO! Real Talk, Cause I'm Gonna Do The Same Thang, HaHa... ;D
Blarg. That sucks man. Good luck.
Haha! I hope they're that cute!
Follow Mee I Follow Back <3
This is the game
Who am I? www.kevinkash.com
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. ~ Danny Kaye
Happy Mothers Day to all the mums out there!
If I was down would you say things to make me smile? I treat you how you want to be treated just teach me how
sorry doll :(
you know it.
I know, it's stupid.
No one I follow has tweeted for more than 4 minutes? I thought Twitter was broken.
Damn ii just hate it when my sister comes && bothers me..... thought its kinda funny kicking her out :>)
Climb aboard this Blues train!!Help spred the word www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
oh right! they are only cracked to get a little flow. we'll take the blame tomorrow i suppose :-\
Starting up Diablo 3 Beta for the first time thanks to !
On the way to challenge cup:)
What thoughts are those, Ms. Dottie? *eyes flaring* Coming...up for air?
Scratch the work out. I'm going back to bed lol
When the Brewers win the NL Pennet, how many other teams have won both the NL and AL Pennets.
passed out when i saw new moon trailer and screamed my heart out when muse performed i fucking love that band!!!
Starbucks is to freaking cold -.-
“: lol! Right! Sorry Wiz for your loss.” <----- my mama showing sympathy lol !
Horray for a day off tomorrow! time away from bikes.. maybe to finally RIDE MINE!? lets hope weather permits
You can't spell.
Man I've had lazy days in the past, but this is the laziest one in a while, feels good especially since the weather is so crappy....
Where can I find reality-based conversations with successful small business owners (NOT biz success gurus)? - Any podcast recommendations? -
In Orlando, wonder what I will do tonight? We return to Universal Orlando for 3 BIG DAYS of IMPACT Tapings Mon/Tues/Wed!
Thanks for sharing that! I have my Capstone class in the fall and this came in handy.
On my way to my grandma's Xmas program @ church! Get it grandma :) more memories to cherish ;)
(3 of 4) TweetDeck then lets me display those Lists in separate columns.
USC players been paid like pros for years...NO SURPRISE!
just chillin in the library, gettin lifted
This season has been stellar. The best part is seeing the maturing/maturation of Neal and big steps taken by Geno. Grew a lot as a leader.
Wanna get stranded on a island and see how long id last:)
I think it was the bounce pass that the ref found so offensive
Zombie Threesome. ;-)
i def come away with some wins. haha
RT : #revideo Time to go see a client - see you all next time • Thanks for making it great Ted. See ya!
Who was ?
GO RANGERS!!!!!
Guy at tried to skimp me on the chicken. Had no idea who he was dealing with. I was polite.
hey... Let's shoot..
Ah fail! My bad that would've been the right thing to do. Forgive me Father for I have sinned.
That last tweet must mean it's time for bed.
lol no honestly i think tea tastes like poop. i hate it with a dear passion. hahaha thats where my dads side kicks in haha
A.J. Jordan can't haul in Brennan's pass, and the White will have a 3rd and 9.
You obviously don't want me in your life anymore.
I second that idea RT : ": please convince Howie to have an all day marathon of your prank phone calls.
Mom's home safe and sound!
ARE YOU SURE !?!
Thanks for the RT! This house is just beautiful!
I'm pretty excited myself
It's hard to see you once use me , then go to another one of my friends & use them .
It only takes one person to make a difference! So please tell everyone you know about ! HUGE plans in 2012!
Passion pain & pleasure
Charcoal, so I can light a fire in your heart.
Eddy Curry back?
story havin cook out. Playin mamasox music some brothers apear yo who is that ? Crystalbowersox i said dang! That mama ...
Thanks for taking the time to listen to it. Please help me spread the word. You're the best.
Thanks dude!
Finishing up packing. Phew
I don't recall watching a worse NCAA football championship game ever....
found money is great, but getting your refund on time is probably better (compound interest!)
jdibi 2alla yekhdak... apple is ahead of who wle? samsung is the world's biggest smartphone manufacturer.
I have a vertical of that from 08-11. Such an awesome beer.
And happy mothers day to Grandma Rose and Nanny. I miss both of you, but I know you're watching over all of us <3
The man who laughs last, probably didn't get the joke in the first place.
31 one days down in 2012 and Avery is doing an awesome job! If u want Avery to rock your Ts YOTT style hit us up!
Empty McDonalds bag in the trash in the men's room.
I am leaving sweethearts! I'll try to tweet tomorrow even I see it difficult. I hope you don't forget about me! xoxo -Jess
lol yea you started yelling on the phone , but nimco is next :)
Just met and introduced Michael Chabon at speaker series. Great talk. He also has great eyeglass frames. I notice these things.
hey steveO where can i get the audio of the thanks for the sex cards haha cant find it anywhere!?!?
let's try to meet early next week
I'm old enough to recall the 30 second TV spot and 2 minute trailer for ALIEN in 79. That's all we got. It was perfect.
she will be 6 in july.. :)
These dreams i keep havin about my mom n grandma wtf
He brought this team back from the grave..
will do - thanks for the tip!
yep.I have Time Warner.They have Feb. 7,14,21 & 28. Then tomorrow they will drop feb 7th & replace it with tonights thats how
Charleston / 95 Freeway at work. :(
I came home to go to bed. And now I'm on my second episode of Storage Wars.
Glad to hear you enjoy the dates, we'll have to keep you posted on our #baconwrappeddates eating challenge in May!
aww u know your tweet to me made me smile thanks <3 I love u so much and thats all so true <3
Heh heh. You know I once calculated at the height of Bill Gates's wealth, if he lost $20K, it would be the same as if he had...
looking at a pretty pair of $720 neon prada heels at saks. dawned on me that heels are female slavery
that's where I live.
Going to "Houston's" tonight for dinner - A think the Rib Eye Steak is calling me! Any other suggestions?
Same. I appreciate that money makes the world go 'round, but there's a limit
True pork passion comes in all forms. ;)
The sun goes down the stars come out and all that counts is here and now, my universe will never be same i'm glad you came <3
Damn I miss miss my brother. Only the good die young. Rest easy.
good luck and go for the gold tonight. i love listening to you during the race. you are great at what you do.
Like i love you
that's good and a Blessing! Good morning
Guys that smell amazing <3
ain't shit to eat in this house
There is nothing in the world like old friends
remember the song! Lol i whip my hair back and forth!
oh, I might accidently burn it with the curling iron. I might try and give myself bangs and screw up.
I am sad that Desperate Housewives has ended! This was my mom's and mine's favorite show!!!
Happy Mothers Day to all Moms and especially those in the Statewide Family
While you have your calendars handy, mark the last week of April 2013 for our next Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week!
#HERESTOALL who hate it when someone is only nice because they want something.
oh yeah. that's a gorgeous stadium
lol so what did you fo besides union today
thinks 8am finals are the biggest bunch of bullshit there ever has been.
Wow. After that last tweet I googled "Ron artest rap" I had no idea...
I'm do confused ah.
hey your cute. KBYE.
I remember when A&E had opera, Lifetime had medical shows and MTV had music! Now it's Storage Wars, soap operas and crap.
Just ben-gayed my whole body. I love heels but u shouldn't have to work in them unless you're a stripper... Which I am not.
seriously what reason would I have to spam, I don't sell shit don't care about anyone's info, I'm barly on this bitch
Felt the #earthquake from the 4th floor of my Ohio office building. Floor moved, blinds rocked. Co-workers mocked those of us who felt it!
wise young man!!!
Almost flipped when I saw R.I.P Fergie. I love thank god she's okay. <3
thanks for the follow, m'loves! xox
Too tech-challenged for Skype! Did your client adopt or "inherit" the 3 kids? Or (OMG) did she have trips???
from the moment i met you everything changed i knew i had to get whatever the pain
Ha. I need to pick up some of that stuff.
do u think i spend my time stalking u & copying ur tweets
-Think Like A Man was GREAT! Everybody must see, congratulations on your success!
oooohhhh yeaahhhh!!!! been waiting for this shiznit for a minute!!!!!!
I'm up making a big breakfast! About to eat and go night night. This shooting schedule is killing me!!!!! Have a good day folks!
RT : if you surround yourself with positive people, positive things will happen.
ZOMBIE KANYE? LOL, thats hilarious, I thinkw e should have a CELEBRITY ZOMBIE COSTUME CONTEST!
What happened???
WTF Wednesday at SUITE w/ Richie Rich tonight. Click attending to get the password
I cant stop listening to 11:11 its so awesome(: Great job<3 Hey can u wish me luck on my french exam tomorrow? (: XOXO
we better get in the kitchen where we belong, gurl :(
Opt for a luminous finish. Shimmery blush looks great on everyone. Try powder for normal to oily skin & creamy on normal to dry skin.
surprised you didn't catch Doc saying "No Semin so far"
starlight theater fan
sounds good! I think I should be ok to join & am happy to help if you need it! I'm no expert but a fast typer & multitasker - lol
Busy day! Cmte. meetings, testified before board, met MD Anderson Prez Ronald DePinho, and Exec Director Phil Wilson.
yeah I'm going
so cool!!!
looking for a qa engineer that is passionate about security!
thank you
- 2) Cheap competition happens all of the time.
beautiful, funny and incredible. I love u so so much<U+2665>.
"When I was a lad I ate 4 dozen eggs every morning to help me get large..."
So much to do this weekend in Columbus, #MarchMadness, #AutoShow, and #StPatricksDay. Is anyone attempting all 3?
At school looking at all the bunnies
Do-do-do… just checkin’ my 401k… la-la-la… entering my password now….hmm-hmm-hmm… *click* … … … AH!
Lots of good discussions this morning at which unfortunately seem not to have been live tweeted.
first vote<3
Fall quarter performance evaluations for Cristo Rey student workers are in - over 97% have been marked "good" or "outstanding" by employers.
Pub Trivia tonight at 7pm. Bring grandma for the history round or come to escape your in-laws. Whatever, just get trivial!
haha! I spit my coke out!
gave me a nickname - Ashley "Lights Out" Maria - on the set of
www.johnbaptistrecords.com buy my record!
they not winning the championship this year
. I'm going to our a glass of wine. We could be here a while. ;))
Pythagoras~ Above all things reverence yourself.
“It has a mind of its own. Thx! : Bryan! Your hair has gotten MASSIVE! <3 it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>”
now you can add 'Author' to your work history!
's skinned trilogy is amazing. also juliana baggott _pure_ (just finished, loved. tx again for rec!)
Lol @ the Dolphins. Have fun. More people are worried about the blonde hes sitting next. She fine.
Things some women do
uh oh. But with 2 OC's, will score twice the points, right?
no. You're gonna beg me to let you.
Free Laptop were giving away next month is also one of our top selling laptops....It's a Dell Inspiron M5030....Enter the contest to win..
you have brown hair :) >> :P
The market manipulators were able to hang on for a win with a modestly positive DOW.
take it to apple store and bring the kid as proof.
Buy some alcohol but don't drink and drive.
He'll probably be there too. We'll each share verses. You're more than welcome to join.
so you're saying their is a chance that PSU may still make the moral and correct decision to retire him immediately?
Time for March goals!!! Woohooo
what's the fucking globe next your name?
Wow. Awesome. Were you sitting there the entire game?
Listening to #HaterWednesday on
4/14/1776->Commodore Hopkins:I should be glad if you keep a good look out to see the Coast is clear before the Continental Troops embark
haha close, it took 20 minutes
Had a good nye with my baby <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
how rude.... does he say thank you?
Somebody come hug me :(
“All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother” Abraham Lincoln
#Oomf moms a FREAK
Kiss n Tell
#NP Beastie Boys for the whole day. RIP Adam Yauch. Truly a music pioneer, hero and inspiration to millions of people.
play Gone
Good morning <U+E04A>
Don't know much at all about the packers pick, but seems like a solid one
thanks dude! Maybe we can make it up there one day!
has 1.3 mil followers, so doubt he'll see my smart ass answer to "did u evr notice the Brewers retro "mitt" logo has "M" "B" in it?"
Its km CNN iTunes hydrogen ignorance McDonald McGee
Gratz Billy!! I bet I can hear alotta barking from Cleavland on Sundays here in Boise.
Accidental tweets are the strangest
I can't wait for Super Junior's comeback coming up this year! And they are already recording their 6th album!
Another Beautiful Spring day in INDY
On The Phone with Randall Freaky ass...
retweets weren't enough, wanted to offer direct congrats as well. Great group of investors you landed there.
“: ”shut the door
Txt me :p
Sure! Its a fave of mine and only 5 weight watchers points. Hope you like it!
Feel asleep before 8pm last night! Boy I sure needed that after 2 workouts yesterday! Feel so rested, refreshed & ready 2 change the world!
In the studio today! How's your day? :)
i like girls that like girls....
RESTAURANT WEEK! Come enjoy a 3 course meal with a glass of wine included!
AUSTIN, YOUR SONG IS AMAZING!
THE MOST important ingredient 4 hair & skin care is pipe juice a.k.a. water.
#ItSeemsLike no one cares...
Hahaha I have one person in mind... I'll text you(:
Congratulations to all the Communication Studies students recognized at the department's Student Achievement Night!
...i'll just be thinking about it more then :)
I think i just saw a celeb's "Ambien tweet". About half disturbing, half funny. :) Something about The Thunder basketball & her fans?
Itz funny how people can get madd wen u stop hittin dem up.... Wtf u got my # too & my phone dont never ring but idgaf!!!
Guess O and D aren't around together. says he hasn't talked with Manning yet either.
Yay! Don's digging up old pix of me! LOL RT : I'm watching..
Worse than a groin or kidney stones?
when im doing proper gcse's im not even going to revise,bring on the giro
only 400 words this morning but that's a start. Now off to my SoulCollage workshop. Back to #amwriting this afternoon if you wanna join!
At Numbers waiting for RSA to rock.
I'm the one you love to hate ( ;
I see you've changed your profile picture again!
If it's your birthday here in twitterville...Happy Birthday To U!
I want to see!
House of blues friday march 4th I'm playing with my full band featuring new guitarist kenta hayashi from the band Four Minutes Til Midnight!
why does everyone say that?!
#nyapd #f2fconf #artsed pd for arts educators should NOT be closed ended and should NOT take people out of their comfort zone
If you wish to know the mind of a Bodybuilding, listen to his words.
Show announcement at midnight. This is seriously one of the best bands in music - worldwide - period. Check back, you'll want to see.
I always think #ShamelessProductPlacement but secretly hope #don'tlabelme
Must admit, I've got #SXSW envy today. But all the complaints about rain and long lines are making me feel just a tiny bit better.
phone dying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Stop by ours near the registration table, may win a prize later RT Gonna do showbooth shuffle
“: I LOVE your DP!” thanks cutie (:
Come on pacers
I knew about Karmin before she even went on SNL.... Am I a hipster yet?
Writing a resume is no easy feat. What resume mistakes do u see?
Definitely... didn't wanna be out this late. Ugh.
omfg I need to erase that from my mind btw just did my post about Louis and leo
No I wasn't part of that, but should be down there. My next event is in June.
you were rockin' those braces today moose :P rof :D
a simple "hey Pittsburgh, how ya doin'" would have alleviated the whole situation.
Off to the Mpls Farmers Market now for spring fare & to see , , !
The bird watchers are in full effect in Central Park - Woody Allen should do a movie based on this cult of voyeurs
It's really gonna be 2 on 5 without Bosh, but I think Indy takes game 2.
we will!
&& you're everything to me.<3
okay thanks.
ok y'all stay out of trounleX CYL ;)
I followed your kitty into your closet and may have lost my camera :)
Great work in the #HealtheSteps Challenge!
If any of my followers didn't know, Diebomb is in the process of writing and recording the new album. Get ready to become insane!
part is distribution-I want items from nytimes, tn, other. $10-$15/mo to EVERYthing I might want a little from? Nope.
#Oldage cannot be avoided. It creeps up inexorably and the awareness increases when friends and loved ones pass away one by one
Love seeing on tonight. National GOP needs your help #LNYHBT Twitter Army!
Got offered a job... $25 an hour? Hm..
you a real brotha. I remember you doing a backspin on the basketball court in San Antonio / Seguin TX. back in the mid 80's. CONGRATS
and I are hanging out with this week. SJ and SJ (pronounced Sooj (her) and Sij (me)). We can fight crime!
Greg we are staying up stairs with Matt. And titties.
If you would like us to follow you back, kindly provide a profile. Need help with a profile, just ask.
Courtney Upshaw is a lot bigger in person. He's going to be a tough matchup for a lot of teams.
Like health care reform? RT "Energy Will Be Obama's Waterloo"
Ted always has a new love interest. He must have more stds than james bond.
why my account spamin' WTF ! had a stupid day...
Get yo ass out to see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
That's great news! You are hot. I Love LA RT i'm back cali
Call Jordan's furniture! I think David Ortiz just hit the Monster Hit Sign. Free Furniture for everybody and the Sox win:)
Will be at the crib today
Why not download our app, and serve your guests wings on the patio, and get rid of those old notepads :)
I <3 my Nook RT First impressions of Apple's new #iPad? "Retina display" is an absolute stunner
Isn't it cute? I'd love to make them myself.
See you there! Don't be late! :)
I know a trick that will make u forget about that headache
Also, stop yelling in Arabic on the phone. I know we're past that as a society, but...
none of my crushes ever liked me!
Miguel! A student membership? You're my hero & sole recipient of a #FollowWednesday tweet. You rock (in the classical way).
RETWEET if you want a video greeting from KathNiel [First 50 to RT this will get a followback, must be following
O, thank you God, for the taste of a Cigar again!!!!!!!
Thousands protest the extreme women hating Right wing
I keep some diet frozen dinners at work for when I just don’t have the time to prepare my usual fresh nutritious meal for lunch!
Since you don't believe in forever, I will say we will be together till death does us part.
Using a neti-pot for the first time. See you on the other side.
I'm on the mood for a summer rain storm
Your followers to following ration is quite amusing...I guess it's safe to say 1 out of 3 people like you?
Good news #Brewers fans, you will be off of work before this game is over.
Join us at PRO-Brookfield from 11:00-1:30 today. FREE shirt for registering on site and anyone can enter to win a VIP entry!
blog post?
- thank you very much, Michael. I am just so very excited.
LOVE the men's photography!
: I just checked a book out at UNLV for thesis research and discovered notes written in ink. In Chinese.
Excited about using Logic Pro 8 software in the recording studio. Lots to learn, but ready to dive in. Music lesson slots filling up.
hook me up with Harry. ;D lol!
I think that's one of the reasons mobile will be so vital. SMS and smartphones are more widely available at all levels.
Gypsies live in America, SAY WHAT?
Absolutely! When?
THANK YOU :)
IDK but I dont wanna stay in shit its the summer ! :)
I like you so much <U+2665>
"I was butt naked in the hooba-doo."-
Spring is coming! It's time to promote your business. Call us today! Websites, commercials, web videos and more! (856)423-9233 Call us!
Lisa Goes Gaga Tomorrow! Because the Billboard Awards aren't going to have good performers anyways, skip that and tune in. 8pm EST on FOX.
Never settle for less
[very hip Wale video, featuring DC colleges and universities] - "If that's not gonna motivate people to give, what will?"
hjdfshkjsfg get on with it
Please don’t hesitate to pass along any cool NYC info you may know of to me, including your own. I will definitely pass it along.
RT : #flatirons you don't own your tele # or IP address. But what about its relationship with your identity?
My #art book from the Embassy of #Brazil arrived this week. Looking forward to having something new and interesting on the coffee table.
#thingsisaidinthe90s I like today's music
what up foo?
it's a really nice, classy place and you can choose from either italian menu, or a meat (steak) menu
when is the new website due out?
Happy Mother's Day to all the #Latism mamas, you are all close to my heart. <3
Happy Hannukkah to my Jewish friends! Enjoy your "8 crazy nights"!
Fb Family Its Time To Work Soo !
Board of Supervisors Chairman Bill Horn will host a news conference with City of San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders at 8 p.m. at the County OES
Just printed Eps.1 - 8 of Temporarily Mary for review, as my writer and I continue forward. I'm really happy with it all so far!
i don't understand how people just let their phone die.. if mine is about to die i don't care where i am, i charge that mf
Oh my god who are all these guys? I have never watched a college football game in my life.
nah don't! and a like band news blog i follow on tumblr posted about it.
hahaha it's all good. Neither can I. Easy mix up
75% of web referrals come from Facebook -
I ate some of the Swedish Meatballs and they were yummy! I'll treat you and next time for lunch. :-)
“My music will go on forever. Maybe it's a fool say that, but when me know facts me can say facts. My music will go on forever.” Bob Marley
Reading all about bird flu research for three days can make a person loopy. I need some "light" reading STAT.
been so busy working we hardly tweet !! big thank you to all the supporter's thats been sticking by our side !!! dv 2012 revamps (-:
Got to see "Crimes Of The Heart" yesterday afternoon! Wow! The cast has so much energy, I loved the performance!
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou may bring a formal complaint against a visiting delegation for violation of rules.
The new soda fountain at noodles is ahhhhmazing.
Thank you for the RT and all the support!!
We have so many eggs from our farm share so I'm gonna make a souffle tonight and get rid of them.
I really hope Boosie doesn't make anymore music.
Aw Lil mama mentioned the (:
It's the only way to live.
Mann I need new followers sap
I'm not a violent man...but I really wanted to put the sound man in a suplex tonite
Hehe so am I, finally sun, vacation, sleeping, partying, seeing friends and all ;D & haha yes indeed! xo <U+2665>
Launch of The Other next Wed. 21 and up. Red carpet attire. Food/drinks provided. Fashion.art.music.dance RSVP:
Just got back to La LA land!
Stop trying to hold onto the past. You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading your last one.
whoa you were at the show back in 05?? That's awesome!!!!!
Probably not.
because we're not the English department. Better to have better integration/less isolation across curriculum.
You guys are GREAT!
#Johnson: managed/edited "data-Hoovering" key to success of electronic cultural atlas projects
are you in dc...
Meet The Startup That&#39;s Going To Make Programming A Thing Of The Past
I'm like so bored
for real! That's exactly what I had too.
I want a snow come right now <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7>
RT : rumors have the #Rockies hot for Youk and Lars Anderson...throw the #Reds in the mix too
Chicago Messenger Service has sponsored 20 inter-city children to play in a basketball tournament.
Bored out my flocking mind
On a bumper sticker: "those who abandon their dreams will discourage yours." That's good stuff.
<3 the quote you emphasized: “the problem the player is asked to solve should be difficult, interesting, & even addicting.”
haha I think it is. But no body is going
Wanna book jc to come to the uk buh ive got no money so that idea's gone out the window.
BOOKED a principal role in a Docu-Reality Program Sizzle called “Job Seekers” produced by Uba TV.
#FF #learning #leaders who help others grow
Do we have Kanban Master and XP Master certificates? We should have.
it won't be the same w/o Leah and Holly so you might lose a #1 fan
Fantastic! RT : the project really deserves a nace award IMO
Where's Obama when you need him? There's a f-ing fly that's been terrorizing me in the office since this morning.
no :D wbu?
Tools used to extract data from EAD: python rdflib, opencalais (natural language processing w/ RDF output), google refine.
no problem :]
Geesh I am full.. Back to work ;-)
I think 13
just found out I can record at my crib again !!!! I'll have new shyt by Monday
when are you gonna step back in and beat some ass like in the old days
Lmao... I'm still up
NJ, NY & PA in 38 hrs, the 9/11 services seen, were beyond impacting. SPCA visit to give donations & help get 6 animals homes! :)
True. But I kinda like the idea that Power = Power. heh.
are youu going to the chamiidance tomorrow??
you are welcome any time :)
Wow! Thanks to all the supporters of the 5th Annual #Cuts4aCause! Thanks for putting on the great event!
I got half on a big bag ah dem grippos homie lol
What #rockstar would make a great #President?
2nite my identity will finally b revealed! Its been a great time tweeting with you all! Reveal your tweet side so everyone knows who you are
You are the iPad wonder! Many thanks.
what movie?
is this shit real, should i miss you after all that we've been through...
Studying for my quiz ._.
Hahaha! I haven't seen this much red since Chappaquiddick.
Congrats on the new job! It's a good-news kind of day. :)
Thanks Nicole! Let us know what you're looking forward to most at
: is right. Metal is for pussies. Big D will ruin your shit with a stick.
thanks for the follow. Have a wonderful weekend!
Having a room that smells like cake, when there is no cake. That's a tough situation to be in.
That was awesome - great fun & insightful! Thanks so much for joining us - podcast up soon!
Why am I hungry??? Huh!
And 3, 2, 1....down pour. I've never seen times sq empty so fast. Run little tourists!
so sorry Felipe, I'm not sure what crossed my mind. Still, I appreciate the follow.
i will have my corporate business partners review acct/contract and reach out. if this is an error, we can certainly correct
I don't know but I like your profile pic.
QOD: For maximum benefit/recovery, when is the best time to eat after u workout? a. 15 mins/b. 45 mins/c. 2 hrs/d. you shouldn't eat after
Happy Drink with Your Family Day!! What will be your libation of choice?
One Direction free show in London wut wut iTunes festival say wut now where when why how.
it ok the only thing that would piss me off is if u said bad stuff about austin, alex, or robert
Gotta let it go, ya like someone else…
90!! Can I trade ya a 50?
Let's roll some #PaperPlanes for this game.
That's the news... See me at the tonight at 830!
It's a pretty big deal... At least in my mind.
I've caved and given into Twitter for the sake of Juliet. Please follow me and help me promote the book! Merci a tous!
Because I can't overdose on music.
Posting "420 Tomorrow<U+2665>" doesn't make you cool. - just tossin that out there.
Me...myself...&& I laying in his bed watching the game
For a typical #AustinEnergy customer who consumes 1000 kWh of electricity per month, the rate increase is 10% and under $10 a month
we all remember the Social media coverage of British royal wedding coming in at
hello r u here... I'm outside
I wish I was where at....gettin moneyy!!!
Guilt: punishing yourself before God doesn't. Alan Cohen
Looking forward to talking with the in Vienna tonight about reform, innovation, unity, and
Good Morrow To You Lady Jennifer... You are most welcome... have a great day.. i bid you ado!
Love that - #smallwaukee - aina hey? Hi, Cathy!
...first if was Spock's tricorder and now it's La Forge's spectacles.
<U+263A> RT : 14 days left until the best physiques in the Northwest - the nation - and a few countries - take the Emerald Cup stage!!
lol either way I'm forever jelly of you! Haha
Congrats to Octavia Spencer on receiving her first Oscar!
Additionally, to make your resume stick out use a heavier weight of paper when handing out copies at career fairs.
I'm so glad won the x-factor. I can't wait to get her album!
All Browns pre-season games scheduled for tomorrow are canceled due to weather.
you have Facebook give me? I love your picture is handsome ha!
I have a questin do you rember me from fb we used to talk all the time?? Lexie ring a bell?
well rhen do the right thing.... extend the shot gun
RT : Everyone should follow & REWEET THIS!!! :-x <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
awesome!! what app are u using??
Love your kids
Enjoying gorgeous weather and a nice little Saturday! Hope everyone is doing the same--who are you routing for this weekend?
That's what impressed me the most. The movie had a lot to going on yet it felt both big and small at times. Masterful.
was at 's show last night. crying actual tears of joy..
Has anyone heard back yet about the Wimbledon ballot? Too soon?
that's so awesome no one can lose with God on their side.
Halloween is around the corner. Plan an allergy-free party or partner with neighbors to offer allergy-free treats!
Facebook and other social networks can allow that to happen
Police officer just gave me the ok to kick his car for being in the crosswalk-really is the holiday season.
I'm still waiting for my check!
"Darling" with Julie & Dirk, now "Pumpkin Eater" with everyone. I heart #TCM!
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLovesIs cause you stuck on these social networks. Love it.
today was an interesting day.
The weather is perfect today for paddle boating at the Tidal Basin. Take in the sights of the nation's capital & get a sunkissed glow!...
bought out Madison Church Supply's charcoal supply
Photo shoot comin soon with new member !
in good ol lexington man, chillaxin. you should come up here sometime.
would love to stop by ;) hint hint... Oh yeah I have awesome presents too.
the bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before.
Well… I mean at least its hump day?? - Doesn't that account for anything anymore?
that is one horrible website, thanks for sharing.
Live Music @ Main presents: Brothers Kuter on May 12th at 2:30 p.m.
so u got a lousy box too? I saw some really good ones but obviously...NOT what I actually received.
Thanks for following us. Great appreciation. Let us know if there is anything we can do
your so perf your my insparation your amazing i luv you mahomie 4ever <3 (: wanna skype pretty please that would make my year!
Next Saturday we are making food baskets for 90 needy families. You can provide a family a Thanksgiving feast for $45 www.feedchicago.org
IT is my hope that Punxsutawney Phil will see GREEN today...Please Phil 4 more years of actual growth, peace and prosperity
#mythoughtsatschool are you serious its only 3rd period
hey girl,! Wanna do me a favor,?
I see at marsh!
Now I definitely need to watch Thor. Loved him in The Avengers!
Lmfao yea that's what I thought! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Watch Out If You Talk To Yourself In A Foreign Language….Especially If You Don’t “Speak” Any Foreign Languages…
Duke out and the Lehigh guy steped out of bounds and no one show it.
Hey Happy! Can I have one of those?
Would be so awesome if they released Up All Night tour DVD 3fuckingD!!
Free ground shipping on all sales over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 4926
It's only 1 o'clock and I've already had 2 cups of tea!
hi .. You should get online & make me happy .
still no Florida dates:'(
thks 4 vids & other links. if you want me 2 tweet it just add 2 let me no. dont send me a message i get 2 much, mostly spam
i agree wiv that..
“: nope :( my dad just came to pick us up and rushed everything..” that sucks
This wk is National Teacher Appreciation Week. What makes the best teacher? Who was your favorite and why? RT & tell us!
Omg... That just made my life.
8 Mile & Denver/LA game
I've wasted to much time on this low life where yu at sexy lady?? Lolz
Belisle just carved the shit outta the meat of #brewers lineup. Team seems very average rt now.
Chef Eric Lee, who delighted us with his creations at the Inspirato house at Mayacama, talks about being on Season 8 of The Next Food Net...
You said some wack things and I was like this bitch CRAY.
At Community Dialogue on anti-violence The community is
I don't know if #Arsenal are really bad or #Liverpool really good
Im in a better place now....
It wasn't really meant to be a proposal--but keep in mind it's taken us centuries to achieve the inequality we have today.
Man i missed my bro last night :(
I can't be here its too early I only come for this damn math class.
Except when it comes to the Packers, and then it's definitely us vs them. Today is a sad day in cheese town.
It's a desert out here with all this dry humor.
you should follow and in case ur not already..
J.S. Edwards has it's first green brand made from bamboo and organic cotton, come check it out
Sounds good. Maybe Weds? Let's talk Tues.
Tuesday RT & S/O to incredible talent:
Softball would be great right now!
Merry Christmas Eve. We're open til 7 p.m. tonight so get your fill while you can. (We're closed Christmas day.)
Who the hell has time for twitter?
Happy Monday! Retweet this if you are ready to get back to the mat today!
So disgusted that high schoolers & even middle schoolers are having multiple sex partners <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> stop it, & quit getting knocked up!
NHL: First-round preview: Rangers versus Senators With the resilient New York Rangers clinching the Eastern Conference title and the sur
about the podcast--thanks! What a funny last thing to have at Yale. Everyone should get to impersonate Hemingway...
#WCIDetroit became a Detroit Works Project Ambassador yesterday. Ready to engage, inform and empower.
Hahaha that's the gayass romo I know!!! LET'S GO
best of luck for your 5 hours marathon.
I'm on your level with that one
Celebrating Inbox 20.
99 ways to get paid hosted by Dj Jerry & T.Brewer Coming Soon !!!!!-
I Miss You But If I Gave You Another Chance Im Afraid You Will Hurt Me Again! </3 :,(
Everytime when my bf said he will pick me up at this time... I have to add another hour at least for him. Why are men always late?!
You may question my methods, but you cannot deny my dedication.~Me
No way. that was the best part. Your hand-written message, the non-xmas music and the timing was pristine.
This is America, dammit! Airbrush!
“: I tried caviar tonight and I liked it!” Man caviar?
Today's Quote: "I love my mother as the trees love water and sunshine - she helps me grow, prosper, and reach great heights." - Terri Guille
Any thoughts on #Orioles' great start? Pitching has been superb!
Thank God somebody said something! Can't take the play by play commentary!
We love you man!!!
I Have Not Heard One Thing From A Laker Fan All Series Until Today Haha.. Hope Your Excited , OKC Is Coming Out The West
my dog is sick!
And this day was capped off with cleaning up day old dog barf. Now onto happier things like beer.
Just finished reading "It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life " by Lance Armstrong - I laughed, I cried - Lance is an inspiration!
wow! Lucky!
Thanks for having me on your show. Makes me look forward to coming back to Chicago
i miss ya already </3
Uh, correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't there a job shortage in field for people with MASTERS degrees?
Unfortunately #BenedictObama is showing that Boehner might be right
were they really?
great time tonight. I should have asked more football questions when I interviewed you!
I wish Shumpert a speedy recovery.
I finish like 10 minutes ago hahahahah :P
Holy black mamba!
Got a good vibe for tonight's #RedSox game. The Large Father loves to turn it up against his former team.
Got the #oldest #angryist pens fan behind us.
I leave my job at the school library to spend too much time and money in a book store...
What are your Armory Art Week plans on this beautiful week? Art is in the air... and we are participating in a gallery walk thursday 6-8pm!
I wouldn't recommend #chi infra texture for women- it smells like a man!
Reading through the #fundchat transcript on my lunch break, looks like I missed a great conversation!
thanks james!
how was your show tonight?
You drove there?!
that photo is incredible. I won't say whether that's a good thing or bad. :)
Just having a little fun today, after setting everything up for tomorrow's meeting. Hope you are enjoying the evening too.
i swear the vizsla, or whatever it is, next door tried to eat through the fence and maul me.
Good Luck!! We are rooting for you!!!
are you staying in southbeach
We can start with how Congress' disapproval rating is 82%, highest on record.
NEED INDUSTRY LEVEL BEATZ ??? INTERNATIONAL PRODUCTION WORK FOR THE LOW $$$
Did you make it home? Hope you had a good trip! Thanks again for coming to #MNEarthDay!
don't understand how excited I am for #JerseyShore season 5!
Black History Fact Of The Day:African American Women are using more profanity in their conversations now than ten years ago.
Something incredibly beautiful and incomprehensibly ugly: human nature.
“And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
Just got up, had my first cup of coffee, getting ready for breakfast, and starting to move it hurts getting old.
five more facebook fans!
My seven year old keeps it so real. No phony in her.
Book an online sports psychology | performance consultancy session from anywhere in the world from April 12th 2011 on www.louiseellis.com
no cooking today for me.....sandwich or a bowl of cereal on today's dinner menu..lol
your walls must be paper thin!
Gonna Watch ATLEAST 30 More Times Before It Comes Out On DVD
Watching Kentucky lose in any sport is fun. Lady Vols by 31.
Norman Maclean~ It is those we live with and love and should know who elude us.
RT : RIP Andy Rooney
Love Fashion? Come check us out! www.lebury.com Happy Shopping! Linda Bury
“Being good is an adventure far more violent and daring than sailing around the world.” -- G.K. Chesterton
It was and I've shared it with colleagues! We're going to discuss it further in our meeting tomorrow :)
When your room mate ( ) texts you saying she wants to get "white girl wasted" >>>
Yo Ty...I'm bout to load up the joint.
kid I'm serious legggo bang
taking home a role which required so much. She deserves kudos just for giving it a shot tbh
Thanks for the RT. Apperciate it. RT : RT : "Baptized in Muddy Waters" Ayron Jones & the Way...
awesome. I miss you too, man! Hope you and the fam are all well.
Nails done #check <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
I told ju to text me!!
wanna play? Haha
Thanks for the #birthday wish !
At the beach with the kids. Have the whole thing to ourselves except for a mom and her little boy name Daschle. Who names their kid that?
''YOU GO THROUGH BOYFRIENDS LIKE I GO THROUGH TOILET PAPER''-Brie true statement... :)
Don't do this wide awake bullshit jay.get your are to sleep.
i miss nola i am so homesick and i miss parites..the best parties are enoturage entertainment parties
Working with a client to integrate digital scales into a desktop and web software that we are developing...good "left/right" brain project!
#Personofinterest is in my old 'hood in New York!
I basically tweeted pictures all day what has gotten into me?
Ditto , I can't pretend I'm not impressed with
you already know that's not gonna Gonna happen lol ": Please keep your shirt on in Vegas, thanks LMAO!"
Just had one of the biggest reliefs of my life
Pay attention to your dreams, God's angels often speak directly to our hearts when we are asleep. They keep saying your name ;) sweet dreams
Free gas & groceries, 417-358-1250 see "welcome" at www.downow.info Join www.dowsite.info, I give 125 leads a week
Ok so I just bent over laughing re your CraigOs 4 square tip .
my pleasure peter! and you've got a big balance in the karmic bank account- keep doing what you do!
well I hope u won't be no grandpa on our date!
our burning ashes
": "Our Idiot Brother" opens today! I love Paul Rudd. I can't wait to see it." So stoked!
Ha! Unlikely...but not impossible!!
new Ustream next Tuesday. More new songs to reveal.
aw, you always do the same for me! Love you
Trying to tell you I'm the one, come and holla at me
hahahaha me either. Your tv <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I'm SHUNNED by some because they can't figure out who running shit, Its the Guy with his thumb by his chest - Index points 2 my
First day of lent. I'm giving up...VEGETABLES! (Sound of a record scratching).
Hey you're looking pretty cute tonight<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Let's talk about how I'm sick again. Yay?
The only good thing was tht is here nd we have candy!!! Hahahahahaha nd tree
flying to DFW tomorrow!
I'll sleep when I'm dead!!... and when I'm tired, because I want to have enough energy to enjoy life here on earth!
Girls can get away with so much more stuff than guys
No i am not dating anyone at the moment
Advocates Sr. Mary Daniel & Carol Harrison of LA are speaking & tabling about research at today's #Parkinson's symposium
We all have much 2 learn. Im sure its only a step in direction He's taking u. No way He was letting u slip through the cracks.
awe I love you!!!
I kinda hate you so much right now. We should hang out today so Gabby and I can mooch off your Pita card ;)
I couldn't play if I die young <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> I'm sorry <U+2764> x
LOL HOW R U AND WERE STILL #TWITTERSISTERS RIGHT?
The Cavs would be smart to dump Sessions today. He can start on many other teams. If we get a first rd pick, that's great.
"This very day can be the first day of your new life. It's all your choice." -Robin Sharma
whats worse, the Yankees losing or writing a paper about an Emily Dickinson poem?
Yes, I was, and great to see you there, too! Were you taking notes? You go, girl.
Every story has three parts : your part There part And The Truth
Your welcome ;)
Saul made me this cool ass drawing of an elephant.
Now I know why I never eat at burger king. Not sure what I was thinking eating that toxic waste. In n out I will never pass u up again.
Shall we meet tomorrow? Julian Andronic from mentioned me and it will be great to meet...
My phone died and couldn't charge it til now !
Sometimes I Feel Like no one understands me...
Had some serious #ahamoments today on the BIG IDEA... LOVE the creation phase!
Fuck off, yeah?
i miss you guys too<3 and are you serious?! ): i'm gonna cry. study hall was our thing :\
Cool. Yes, I have 10 days of marking in my near future. Good luck with yours!
Sex Advice: When giving oral sex .... NO TEETH!
Well at least I'm feeling better than yesterday. Go figure. haha. posted a new blog entry on my blog. Link's in a tweet I posted before.
Well, gonna leave with Ivonne soon. I think I look ugly, but then again, I can't just make myself look pretty if I can't find my contacts.
Feliz San Valentine
RIP Whitney Houston so sad, prayers to her daughter and family.
love you to<3
I have a confession. Last night's Daily Dose was inspired by The Girl Next Door. Don't judge.
What would I do without you...
YES!! My day will be so much better knowing that I will be getting a copy of Spagetti Sauce and Other Delights!!! ;D
Making sand castles with my hubby and little brother at the beach.
had fun last night though;
what classes are you taken??
Haha but that may take a bit too long. Now you put me in a mood for Indian. Adios sushi!
(5/6) BUT - This discussion doesn’t actually go into that sort of analysis. It’s all sticker-shock and indignation.
“: "Your focus determines your reality" - Qui-Gon Jinn. Then he got Darth Mauled. #StarWars3D” HaHa
My new favorit Married couple is &nd !! Ilove themm, there should be a show abbout The wedding
Love your profile image! Looking forward to connecting tonight at
#100thingsilove More than I can list.
Why do liberals slam Santorum on
I can't stand when people wear snapbacks and adjust them to the tightest fit, and that long plastic thing just sticks out (that sounded..)
lol no complaints here I like shoes *opens new tab and looks for new shoes*
we are working with Devery Cash from Keller Williams. Super knowledgeable/responsive and really nice!
no sightings no update yet
So ready for church tonight
How bad does Jimmy Johnson need cash if he is doing commercials for extenze
UMC advises the pedestrian has been upgraded and should be just fine. The road should open back up in about 30 minutes.
Finally official: There will be a recall election, and Tom Barrett will be winning it.
#webutterthebreadwithbutter clever band name. Sarcastic of course. Deathcore bands still struggling to impress me with band names.
If you're on Facebook, we'd love to chat there, too! Lots more info/photos to come - because sometimes 140 characters just isn't enough!
You've just given me second thoughts about going there this evening! :-)
What kinds should I be careful with?
People who think there cool but there actually gay as hell
IT IS NATIONAL ALLERGY AND ASTHMA AWARENESS MONTH!!! PLEASE RETWEET!!!!!
we are now on Tumblr! >> OfficialWeAreSuperheroes.Tumblr.com << still figuring it out! Follow us!!
Only one more day until our fight is over!
OK, the flux capacitor is installed. Major PITA, but I did it. LOL
I wish bae was home, I could use one of his back massages right about now :(
That's my girl! RT I just got home today with a newborn baby. Of course I'm watching
lmao yea I do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> holla at me when u done
I'm outraged at what the price is gonna be for the new map pack on MW2. did they not make enough money selling the game. COME ON MAN!!!!
I can watch tv shows about Amish people all day.
Don't forget your umbrella! RT : A rainy day today... High 60 deg this afternoon under cloudy/gray skies Should clear up tonight.
This. RT I miss the good old days of talking about how unprepared Tsuyoshi Nishioka was for the majors.
You guys hear that Dynamic Truths record that finally came out a year or so ago? Great stuff!
you're quite welcome :)
I dare a motherfucker to be talking about me
I did not know that,,thx,,twitter is a learning tool,,[I couldn't remember how to spell education]
Papa Jonas Is Amazing Sin el los Jonas Brothers no serian lo que hoy conocemos.
no we are in 311. Up and behind homeplate
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention "no makeup, all natural"
Pull your pants up, boy.
If it's worth tweeting, don't delete it!
Ramen Noodles <33 Sound delicious right now !
to sleep, or not to sleep.
I still can't believe #AmericanIdol gets more votes then
Thank you so much. <3 Can you also Tell your followers and everyone else to vote for Germany? It'd be so amazing. <3
well if it were not for that wind bag "inventing" the internet we wouldn't have Twitter!
I have nothing to wear tomorrow :O
Road trip to StL too. Gonna be fun.
hahaha me too :D
you guys are awesome - have a great weekend!
Two nights of good sleep! It is going to be a great day.
#brewers insider joins us NOW! SportsRadio
What a waste of time, he should be kicked out! RT " RT : Wow. Replay shows that Smotrycz didn't even touch him"
Been busy, haven't been on twitter that much. :(
When people talk in 3rd person
uh what room you in man.
My Gpa is the most amazing person ever.
RIP Jim Marshall - I will turn up the gain on my stack tonight as my Les Paul gently weeps ...
the laws of physics do not apply to me so I'm free of responsibility on this.
The Interactive Guide is fabulous. You can do the task in Office XP or 2003 and then be shown where it is in 2010. Cool!!!
if you were wondering, I have no relation to that I know of...
Just got sassed by the bus driver on my way home. Way to live up to the asshole reputation, new york!
The supposed end of the world is tomorrow so just in case tell your mama you love her and eat those special brownies you have been saving ;)
-- Because if you arent there to protect the ones you can save, who will be?
If I had a coffee shop in the area I would have gone there instead. You got to make do with what you got.
tag me
I don't think that's been established...I will create one :)
Real Steel, appropriate film en route to #CES. But Row 13 audio channel 13, return trip Fri. 13th.
So I guess me and Ashley have to take a trip to dominos our self -__-
u aren't following me -- I can't dm
This does not surprise me XD
Yeah, but that's SO in right now.
For those still at #toccon and want to chat with Michael Riordan, he is back in the ROC today, but follow us for OPL updates and DM's!
finna go wash my she alil dirty
Just saw my last tweets um
Nine Inch Nails = NIN and Jane's Addiction = JA put them together and it is the NINJA tour as they are touring together
:D thanks for the updates babe
A frog is outside my window <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B8>
I dont think jesus christ is a healthy obssession
thank you for following us, it's always a pleasure to follow real talent!
you see Team Mindless go hard :) Hello #1 *Does MB dougie* :D
Thank You, God loves you
I think pandering for the support of Donald #Trump is the most pathetic aspect of the GOP presidential season. #Romney should be mortified.
RT : “ I don't need you. Remember that bitch.”
Happy B day Dahhhhlin
Aw yeah! RT : On the train home with bove, tiff & Happy weekend!
BanQuetpress, Australia’s only dedicated publisher of LGBTIQ-themed writing and art, is looking for submissions for its 2013 editions. Ba
so great! My daughter is a huge fan of the movie / book / story. Worth a visit?
Kids in this class is so damn amature -__- they are actually throwing paper balls *rolling my eyes* seriously dude? That's so elementary.
miss you too, beautiful :)
Hopefully gonna work at monkey joe's.
Just saw a stroller with a hand actuated hydraulic braking system
Got my journalism and electronic media major acceptance letter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that would make it a little less obvious, wouldn't it?
don't step in horse poo... That sh*t doesn't come out.
Thank you! Wish you were here..next one :)
Or does it seem like only yesterday?
Tonight Chicago's living up to her nickname.
=D it was definately an experience ahah, me and my bassist were pumped about it
oh. Keep scrolling. beautiful! What a treasure.
I think has one.
A stoner with a peanut allergy is a sad stoner.
chew slower big boy...
I feel like I need a shower after that movie...
No one has texted me back..nevermind
good idea!
Have a great weekend!! thanks!!
Welcome! :) We just sent you a mail with a cool opportunity!
Started my weekend pretty good:D
Denard Robinson 47 Yd TD run! U of M leads lowly Bowling Green 14-0 in the 1st quarter, keep pouring it on, Big 10 starts next week!
HMDHIS (Hang my dam head in shame) @ how often ya'll say smh & yolo, its done 2 death, Only Drake can say yolo and his ass is pushin it!! Ha
Will do. Thanks, Hoenisch!
Class last day of this class
Just stopped by to say hi to & the food smells the way heaven better or I don't want to go there!
Love the new #dwtscast! Can't wait for this to start. My DVR is ready!
It's Always Some Stupid #thingsgirlswantboystodo Like...Pay For Dinner...What Do I Look Like Ted Dibiase Out This Bitch?
#dh11 #altac #alt-ac Focus on slow sustained growth over rapid growth.
The Lord is my light and my salvation whom shall I fear?
RT safe flight mama! I'm cleaning my room right now just for you ha! You're the best mama! See you soon!!
! this is my king's kid dream come true.
nothing waiting to hear back from upmc
It was okay. But Homeroom. Gawd. A movie can't get any worse
It was pretty great haha. The table-top one filled my younger years and I was just reminiscing. Haha
We just got an 18 year old intern. This is seriously going to cut down on the number of oral sex jokes I make in the office.
RT : Electric outage update: 196 customers out, 145 of them in E Mtns. Crews hope to get most of these folks on in next few hours.
damn I liked that one also where did u see they canceled it
I hate when I get jealous over something that I shouldn't even be worried about ! /:
You cant change everything in one night, but one night can change everything.
Having a really good day/night #thankGod :)
hi, my day went very well. The weather is great 75 degrees and sunny. I was thinking about you and hoped you were happy.
i wish puck had kicked his ass. that hockey player is a shitty person, he doesn't deserve to play for the ohio state university
My eyes hurt.... goodnight.
“: I dont trust these bitches..”tell en Zoe !
has been HACKED by some loser who has nothing better to do with their life...so beware of her tweets
Is 7 45 too early to sign a lease? Not when the complex has called you 6 times in two days.
Headed out to Need some canvas and brushes. Haven't worked on anything since got here. I feel inspired now.
Still managing to make shots, but it will be a long second half for them if that changes.
Ask your questions!
if i were to pluck on your heartstrings, would you strum on mine?
Pass the word on: IMS09 After party/dinner at Fuse. We love family..twitter fam! Try & stay for dinner too!
I'm impressed it only took you 4 hours - it's quite a list! Let me know what you think of our session.
Brainstorming with about their #international program. Love programs that call for global collaboration
A heart - felt thanx.
welcome back!'
why don't you just give them some money
Get your TAN ON*Specials*Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE! Buy ANY membership, and tan the rest of March FREE! Be sure to ask about our LOTION SALE
yeah, I had to pick one, so I gave you an up on coffee.
i freaking hate heartburns, cant eat spicy foods for a week
We care about you! Let us know what events and promotions you have coming up!
So it supposed to snow tomorrow.. So excited :) I want tons of snow for Xmas
Omg I know! RT : Can't wait to see the pics!
I admit it... I have a soft spot for The TTs...
Better shun the bait, than struggle in the snare.
dad lives here xx
Sore back and hips - to the rescue. Did Diamond Cutter and Red Hot Core back2back and feel much better. #BANG!
mine and all of #BBN are crossed with ya!
Hm stereo live tonight?
have never been to shop, discovered it at whole foods roosevelt. Keep meaning to go to the real thing!
Ha ha ha, too true!
Time for Batman! *does the batman voice*
Throw your hands in the air if yous a true playa
Beautiful day! And what better way to spend it than sitting for HOURS at LAX waiting for our flight. WTF vacation...
Thanks for the #ff!
Good morning tweet buddies!!!
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone to...
Will I lose any credibility I ever had if I admit that I really like the new Train song?
Tired real tired today But they needed the rookie of the year to make a special guest feature lol
Be sure to take sometime for yourself today and start the schhol/work week off right!
Even worse: many organizations write a policy then never communicate it to employees. I've seen that at global brands.
I smell like rainbows and butterflies, well at least my hurr haha
belong 2 someone else just as mike's soul went on to live another life in me. But you have to keep in mind that what were doing
This is a test: PEANUT BUTTER PEANUT BUTTER PEANUT BUTTER (ha! lets see what sort of spam bots follow me now!)
sry my baby is first
We can hope that in the middle east at least things are on route to being better.
oh well, I was gonna go steal Paisley again...
Will be in town in Sept. #GreaterThan will get u right. Andrew Massey is also big fan. Gotta try it!
Be honest, have any of you already broken your New Years resolution?
Too expensive for the quality of leads.
great to see Greg in the Washington Post this morning...
music videos
let's text, DM this dude your math. \m/
Fatheads... headhunter.. hot peppers.. burgers.... oh yeah.
Always going forward:
Thanks to mean jean the chorus machine im at school on a half day
Idk who are these "higher level" type people that think they got the right to say what real and whats fake
Thanks Will! Hope you're enjoying your weekend!
wish I was there to support the cause. Good luck today!
POLL...who creates more media frenzy, #Tebow or #Tiger..? answers get RTs!
You're back ?!
Welcome my New followers Thanks for the follow i just Follow back everyone!!!!1
I work at All new users get a 30 day free trial! How's that for <3? If you have any q's-
1 inch hail reported 6 miles east of Dawson.
we just got power downtown 6&f.
Thanks! How are you?
Less go Miami Team HEAT!!!
I've learned my lesson from throwing anything from my binder away after i threw away a rough draft of my 3 page essay.. #:(
MAMA BEAR!!! I didn't see you there! How are ya, sir?
We need to do that body paint joint...exclusive shirt style! Put that together and lets collabo. Nice vid!!
I finally got a chance to watch this -- it is fantastic and quite VOLUMINATING. ;)
Kohl puts feet on headrest in front of him* Me:"What if you kicked your mom in the head?" Kohl's mom:"What's he doing, changing his pants?"
Will someone be so kind to hop over to our facebook page and tell me if you are able to view the new pics we just uploaded.
#scms12 it takes a network to analyze a network: they seem self-generating
Came home from choir to find the entire family asleep in our bed. At 6pm. Buh.
can someone please let me in on what is happening- that would be great!
we both just nodded and said "huh. yeah. I can see that..."
So what is everybody doing today?
The Supreme Court has ruled that they cannot have a nativity scene in Wash. DC.They couldn't find 3 wise men & a virgin.-Jay Leno
that would be excellent! I'm missing your reading by 1 day :(
dope track!! Very soulful, Miami type groove. Love the upbeat vocals too! Definitely getting play in my sets!
Things are going to get better, just gotta try and pray for the best.
Great game
Sorry, i was off the twitter all weekend. I'm elbows deep in paint or else i'd be in
what the hell is going' on over there in good ol' CO?!
On my way for Brunch! Nice out NYC
Without question, it would have to be Twisted Metal.
I Hate Messing Up But Its Apart Of Life...
it seems #ramona is sick as a dog today.
hell yea <3
I didn't think of suggesting Nano. Derp on my part.
@ the yardarm apts w/ 4 the Ice Rays Food Drive. come by. 5pm-8pm
Thank you! We're so glad to hear it!
Congrats on the patent -- Now go make some amazing ISH.
#hitrunthrow deserves the hash tag
everyone keeps tellin mhe ima hav to tell him how i feel soon....bhut rite now i dnt want to....-___-
Won't make a fool out of you.
thank you for the RT!! xo
Going to be tough sorting thru all of the incredible musicians who have entered for the auditions! What an amazing band this is going to be!
are you hiring for any positions? I miss Icelandair
After a fabulous, wintry weekend with our son, I am looking forward to seeing Zero 7 tonight with my lovely wife
Pure Classic! " Watching Alien 1979's director's cut in hd : fantastic .
Did she just say in the old hood? Why is she the commentator?
I need comfort
sorry i wasnt there for you when you need me. now i regret it. but then again your an asshole so it makes up for it and i dont feel so bad.
Another prediction, the Rally Monkey will still be terrible.
Did anyone buy anything off of #googlecatalog ? What do you think of the interface?
Playing at the Freakin' Frog TONIGHT in Vegas!
Great horn session today with Danny Pelfrey, Dave Becker, jim Kerber and my producer Mark Ross!
Does anyone know the name of the gerbil in Mat Gamel's mouth?
You overreacting little attention seeking whore. I think That goes for both of us?
Lol I hate twitter but I think I should start tweeting again.
beautiful pic, hun. u r so pretty. ;P
Ready to book your load! RT : #EYEOFTHETIGER over here in #Truckload Sales ! Can you dig it?
It's gonna be interesting as to how Broncos fans will feel about Manning. They lose Tebow, but gain Manning.
somebody told me that wasn't a major when I asked about it! I love that shit!!
“: It's show time!! will be here shortly!”
We are extremely proud to announce a major milestone for : 3000 clients served in Philadelphia since July!
We make that flavor! cc:
is this some kind of colocation situation?
": can someone please invent a phone with a massive keyboard so that my fat thumbs will stop making typos?" Galaxy Note lol
SHE SMILED SHE KNOW SHE BADD... RT : =)
Been so busy and neglectful of Twitter. I apologize to all!!!
Completely baffled by shortsighted people. Ah well, yesterday was fun.
I guess ill wash my truck today.
hey man, my friend Amanda did my website. She's pretty good. I can give you her contact info if you're interested
Damn they are still together? type of relationship !
great way to start your day.
If anyone has Andrew Luck's cell phone number, please pass it along. Want to see if he's interested in buying our condo.
my favorite lately is a little random, and via my housemate : "cumdumpster from the trash factory".
coolin' bro! How's everything in Naija?
So everyone thinks George bush looked frail. Sitting near Russel Simmons; forrest whitaker walked by. Oprah and Usher said to be near too
I just heard my 4 favorite words: "Anything for you, Jamie." :)
My cats woke me up so early! -.-
yea we r is there a problem?:)
We did the same in Cincinnati! “: I'm looking at Pre-Schools already for my baby. L.A. Is weird.”
Want to support Chicago biz, but has its work cut out for them. Food, service, music all a major disappointment.
basketball is like war in that offensive weapons are developed first, and it takes awhile for the defense to catch up but this one defense..
Niggas I be with everyday those my brothers they problems my problems
Awake at this time bc i cant breathe. I hate being sick :( & work meeting at 2 might as well kill me now.
I agree with you!
I'll respond in 10 picks.
With a right person, even a simple song will turn into a beautiful melody
Excited about the new book I am working on. Haven't been social mediaing much. Would appreciate your prayers. Now back to the keyboard!
mo money mo problems mo hoes lol
Hey! What time you getting out of work? We're going by aunty seetas today :)
I really don't need to develop an insomnia habit.
Man asked me to make him copies. Um, no. Make them yourself at the *public copy machine*.
Come on baby!!
I'll always remember 2011 as the year people thought Bridesmaids was a good movie.
yes sir! "Gypsy", aka Giuseppe Capolupo, will be playing an acoustic set at #Kylestock this year!!!
I wonder if it is for a homeless person, for the dog that is still running around freely? It is always fruit and veggies
Friends are like snowflakes: if you pee on them they disappear.
season finale
nothing to hate fat boy.o.0
NO she is a self absorbed bitch
same to you... I always love connecting with international creative minds from my home state...Much success to you!
Suggestion – Second, Pupils also enlarge when people are talking about things that bring them joy or happiness.
Im laying across 3 seats here at the press conference.
Blocked and reported as a SPAMMER
A hat is where it's at
Hope ur lights are ON! Checking in for the return of the USS Ronald Reagan.
Who's a TRUE BELIEBER ?!?!
Itz funny when some drama goes on outside of my life & I don't care about it, then it gets resolved & ppl come up to me: "No one is mad ...
very possible!
I have a feeling they will!! Don't worry :)
this girl is officially OFF. THE. MARKET. (the job market, that is.)
no, the greeks actually left some dude there to present it to the trojans! he must have been a real sweet-talker...
Shut Up And Shoot Me !
so we're standing up red shirt black shirt
we want to be cool and get tons of followers.
all that Shit yall perpetuate on tv ain't respecting a women. So kill that noise. We know what's up.
What's your favorite Rob Michaels song? What track MUST stay in or be added to our new set?
No that's not Bill Paxton I'm referring to. It's Tim SomethingErOther.
...the tweet party in my pants?
Gosh darn I feel great after a good workout....Minor league tryouts here I come
David Haney: 1880s-1930s social reform/Fabians/Salvation Army, people could become self-sufficient if they were able to grow their own food.
Thank you! RT : Tune into to listen to the homie spin!!!!! He's killin it right now!
Want to offer your customers telecom solutions? We have a fantastic deal that gives our channel partners 100% of the profit! Reply for info.
My wife, daughter, and my daughter's friend are in Denver for the Women's Final Four. Trip of a lifetime.
Ronny Turiaf looking like a homeless man off the streets we just got on the team roster
PESTIO=factors influencing the archivist's decisions of what to collect. Political, economical, social, technological, i----, and other.
Well, my mandolin got to Oregon today, now waiting repair. Apparently I feel musically lonely, without my greatest instrument friend.
Prices for styling can vary by salon. Send us a note to & we'll follow up.
I have a crew set up: Old Dirty Dogs Inc.
I don't wanna let a minute get away, cause we got no time to lose. None of us are promised to see tomorrow and what we do is ours to choose.
Sunny and warm Saturday. Bring a bagchair, bike & make a morning centered around the Market. Weekly entertainment & free parking garage
Isn't it this upcoming Saturday?
i had assumed with a new infant you're now generally redolent of a stripper: baby oil and talc.
So tired right now. I'm going to sleep.
Of Course You Realize “I’ am” Controlling World Events From This Laptop...
I've been following since the beginning of this season I think that deserves a follow back or at least a RT
: This publisher wants more info from you.
what time in LA?
its ok :/ he was flirting with other girls nd he said I wasnt the rite one for hem but oh well I still have adolfo ;D
It's so funny how 6 months before elections Obama's views are suddenly "evolving" on gay marriage. Yall are gonna be so dissappointed
subscriber rates for ESPN have to go up after this round of overpaying conferences, they should throw in LHN for free
I got 99 followers and and and and I'm hammered
You haven't lived until you've had an adult beverage with and I ;) Too bad. I'd love to meet you in person.
Tht Brisk Fruit Punch is da truth!!!.
Thanks for checking out our site! Glad you like it. and did a fantastic job.
Music Is my life.
The #NYR really want to go to game 7
I have a CHACHI FEVER <3 I love u and I.aM.mE helluh beastt u so cute and hot.. keep up your guys extremely tight dancing
Relaxing day cooking and baking with my girlfriend and her daughter.
Not sure if this is good news or bad. :) “: #Brewers hitters are not big fans of live BP. The pitchers are mowing them down”
I woke up this morning and decided to change my life. Step by step. Whatever happens this week, I will find a route to my destination
Hey babe. How's life treatin ya?
is online... Hi Harry!
Thinking about putting a lil something on the grill
Great news! Congratulations!!
The fruit of the spirit is love, joy and peace. Galatians 5:22
#Loex2012 yay our conference presentation is over!!!!!
I wish things could b like they used to
thanks to both of you
#MSM media ignores
congrats Jen on making the 40 40 list women impacting post - sport
about the message?
Staying optimistic for the , new season new players!
29 And he called his name Noah^, saying,
Every box of Tagalongs should contain a portal to endless amounts of Tagalongs!
we have sold a bunch! Excited to see what you put together for GA Tech.
MobileMe has gone down - I know via notifications on 5 devices. Not good Apple!
Brothers coming home from college today! #yay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
thanks for sharing the details..
what a petulant child.
ur such a loser!!! xP jkjk
These clips griz game is awesome. Great game 7
Just chillin just cuz I can!!
Let's try this to again. Katia growing in size faster than
Huh. Mail in OS X Lion stopped finding certain things until I navigated to them manually. Rebuilding...
We should have picked up playoff tix. You going?
#IThankGod for the wonderful life I have
How's Louisiana legislature going to ask the NFL to reconsider it's bans on the Saints? lmao. No bro. No.
Beautiful spring day. Sunny skies, low humidities, and highs close to 70. Chilly tonight though.
U cannot beat California weather.
YES!! (Only 5 days late on my reply :) )
i love you x
I feel awful & just want to be in bed.
Follow !!!! BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT !!!!
New motto: "Whatcha Gonna Queue?: Better Than FilmPulse."
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything.
Very proud of myself! Summer session has only been opened since Monday and I have submitted my first three assignments.
The Louisiana Research Collection welcomes the Louisiana Historical Association to NOLA for their 2012 annual meeting
DM me the acct tel #, i'll check and make sure everything is in order on my end
My guess YES. From my interp. of #history, brutality occurs when no one stands against it. Witness Africa.
Got a raving review from Paul Anka (he wrote My Way song) about my CD Angelic Winters. You can enjoy it too at www.oksana-k.com/store
Your regrets aren't what you did, but what you didn't do. So I take every opportunity ~ Cameron Diaz
another workout session wit sissy 2day
I just heard "dude, we can't get those, they give u booty breath." "Girls we'll be with won't know enough to care."
“: %2 Pineapple for breakfast. Ok Tuesday, let's do this.” <-- m my favorite! Saving mine for lunch though!
don't worry Justin, I'm already following :) now all I need is for u to follow me and I'm all set! I love u jb!
Well well well... Good ol' Bryce Harper got the call. Here's to one of the most anticipated MLB debuts ever.
Im so hungry.
On our way! Is there room on the patio? cc:
You're a gentleman and a scholar, sir. Thanks for the retweet!
laugh at you while you chasin' her.
M speakon cables
I wish I could skype with one day <U+2665>
#GoTribe Go Tribe! 2 of 3 from Texas and that line up...nice
sleep mode
they cut your lights off
STUDY: Couples Fight An Average Of 167 Times A Year In The Bedroom. Really?! What do you fight about in there??
We're #HIRING an Executive Recruiter!!! Call me @ 813-379-3700 if interested.
RT : Q3: 3. Whats with the drinking and comedy going hand-in-hand?
Where's my follow big guy? No love for some Chalk Talk?
lol, well we do have a second bedroom & I know you & Olly get along, & we can carpool to work! So sure, we could adopt you :)
nah lol. Just me && Junior lol
Ladies, men love to get head, but if you're not committed to giving an extraordinary blow job,don't start.
When you know it's time, breathe deeply and move toward your fear
sweet, we'll get something nice roo
You can tell Shaunie is annoyed I am too lol
Not yet My Friend, not yet. RT I may be too old for this shit.....
Join Willamette Writers on Twitter Learn about literary events in the Pacific Northwest!
Woke up this morning with adrenaline pumping for the WSU v Creighton game today. #GoShockers! Beat those dirty Blue Jays.
Wondering if my roomie is surviving Vegas and if there is a warrant out for his arrest
thanks ! See you again on Friday!
I know you moved past me, just the fact i still love you keeps you holding on.
Sometimes ur closest friends are the onea that judge u the most
... happy bday & i'm SO glad i met you on the other side of the world!
do you know what the cost is?(:
LOL some girl is plucking her eyebrows in the hallways. then she like brushed it out with the spool thing lmfao.
Columbia College wishes students a relaxing spring break!
allways a good day
YOUR SEXY.<33333333333333
Seattle superintendent - The Seattle Times
James class LAME today . :/
Glad you are safe....Guys like that just need to be eliminated.
U kno Craig got fired 2 day rite..?Nigga we got high ....nigga we got fuckeddd up in voice lol
I hate doing study guides ._.
I get a lot of love in the town
The Silk Tie likes Arvind! As life is best lived, people are best looking good and ties are best worn, the circle of life
during DRIVE TIME, switched lanes on Irving Park. like a boss.
I'm pretty sure she was there. Wouldn't swear, though. And I was saying from her "celeb" perspective re:BCG. Prob a dick 2 her
It's pretty awesome! RT : Everyone: Get your asses outside!
When determination drives you failure is not an option.
Just got the final radio mix of my new original country song "Nothing Changes" and it is amazing! Look for its release in one month!
_InternetMedia thanks for following me on Twitter!
Oh dear.
ugh i wish it was easier to get them ):
Yo mama so short she does backflips under the bed.
Learned a #stomp routine today - apparently a broom does have other purposes aside from cleaning.
Good surprise running into this morning. Give him a shout if you're in the social media space. He's doing some cool things.
you read my mind though!!!!!!
Yeah I like to shoot squirrels in our backyard for fun too.. K Dom..
Great story this a.m. about taking calls on air about RG3 Friday night
Do tell!!! RT : ask about his rat run-in that was caught on camera a few weeks ago...
Love Sleep !!
I'm not sure..
Game of thrones time!!!!!! Great week of tv starts now..
I believe I have caveman roots. Sometimes I leave the house without putting on any moisturizer.
#gratefultweet: For the beautiful Easter services this morning. 1st service went better than 2nd but overall both went well.
Thanks Jamie! Really glad you were able to make it! Even better that you enjoyed the show ;)
Been riding in a car for 6 hours!!! It's driving me nuts! I just wish would follow me and make the 6 hours all worth while <3
Cmon It Just Takes 5 Seconds To Press That Follow Button On 's Profile.! :)
Well I stay up alittle but longer to see if we actually do talk but I guess not, I guess well talk next week..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Service Sparx tip #1: Encouraging your team to show their individuality when dealing with customers can improve customer relations as well…
Hi ! Sorry but I gave them away and kept 2 for myself. :s
I bet she reminds u of me
The road to success is always under construction.
and I was told it was on yall that ssgmusic didn't make the call but thought that I would and should win for sure. But???
Hey, the phillies have won three in a row.
because food gives you energy to party
Emerald's Berries & Creme flavored Breakfast on the Go has been the best thing that's happened to me today. Unexpectedly wonderful.
Lunch today : linguini with a tuna marinara, brick oven pizzas, beans & greens, potato & sausage soup, torta rustica. www.enricobiscotti.com
Frank Francisco just went nuts!
Haha. In what date? If I tweet you :]
lmao u stupid..... Chill.
Ha! Send me email? mlickona AT gmail DOT com
Omg! I hate this girl she called me "white trash" erkk & i said "people like you are the reason they invented birth control biotch" lol
working again today til about 830! Hopefully I can get out early!
People that know nothing always the ones running their mouths.
Guess class is cancelled. No prof
silent killer.
Just got back from mile run just under 8 minutes
Will be using for some inspiration today. Great stuff!
: remember when you gave options to import content into your service. Now that you're shutting down could we get an export?
This is a shout out to
BOTTLES are more elegant and vintage =)
the Internet is real but your PR person is just your Other Self™
Hilary says that a passion for social justice drives her non profit career
Hoop Dreams
twitter. i'ts the new facebook. hahahaha
can't fucking wait to got to our first Wrestlemania next year in the dirty Jersey. Hall of Fame and Mania
Elie Wiesel: "each moment brought a surprise" from , Hillary Clinton, Natalie Portman, Sidney Poitier in video tributes
maybe. Are you an expert yet
I like him, but this class is pointless.
Friends please follow welcome to twitter
Power to the productive people !
Such is life
According to SWE’s project manager, (name)...is project manager capitalized?
Question for #assistivetech ppl: What are your must-have software programs for assessing LD kids w/ rdg/writing deficits? Getting started..
Aw shylow put my last tweet <3
Mark Johnson: "Don’t make the machine into a magic box: the blood goes in an whoosh we get DNA information."
OMFG I GOT CHEESY POOFS! :D
What does dad want for Fathers Day? The house windows, screens, driveway and garage floor cleaned. Fathers Day deal vegaspressurewashing.com
I can't DM you because you're not following me. :( Short answer: just house-hunting. I start beginning of June.
Starting some research on a new shirt design. Hint....it involves a large blue box.
I'm with To whatever end.
As long as we don't have to listen to Justin Beiber's "Boyfriend."
Hey Hey, #ff #followfriday Have a great day everyone!
Can't wait for the power shower
come to the burgh for your birthday! I'll treat you around the city! AND you get to meet a real life
*LRB = London Review of Books, askers
How to Double Your Productivity In One Week error
Love the new joint. Excited to come home and download new music to write to. (does the body talk to the beat while singing along.)
Only 17% of women planned their first sexual encounter.
i think your on drugs now.. haha
in my cubicle, monster in hand, computer in front, in my ears
People are too sensitives these days .. Have u heard of a term called a JOKE?!?!?
it's official isn't gonna follow me. I'll try again another day I guess... :(
It takes the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
One thing you can depend on in life is it's full of surprises...have you had a good surprise lately?
I do get into March Madness though...,so that's something to look forward to.
I love you!
Thias is little more than an excuse to do bourbon shots at noon, And I respect you for it.
Top priority for Sherman will be to recharge the run game, no? It'd open up his play action QB roll-out. DeCastro fits. Agree?
Staring at a blank page, considering my options. 10 sketches in and I'm still not sure what I want to do.
I like almost all the girls, but i'm voting for Skylar, Shannon, and Jen.
Lookin for her boxers
RT : DJ Spooky: if the 20 c. was the era of mass production, the 21 c. is the era of mass customization
I haven't been in the mood for new vids hun :(
what is more surprising is that he is still an active pitcher ;)
thanks looks like a useful site. Will submit from a computer not a BB.
I am TIRED
Wow, she's beautiful, congratulations!
Did I mention that I am loving Jill Scott's new album. Great compliment to my work day :)
turn the station on the radio, and everyone starts singing loud at the same time.. random :)
My father was a saint, I'm not. ~ Indira Gandhi
Added Blackstreet to that last tweet.
# Follow Friday resume
": Michael Bay. RT : Greatest movie villain of all time?"
let's just hope that it's a full team effort, and Kobe doesn't have to play hero ball like game 6
I love free ebooks! Thanks for the follow!
Most business folks I meet truly seem to believe there's not much value in looking any more than 6-12 months out. Interesting
May have had best brunch ever.
The day I go to the mailbox and not see a bill, I will look to the sky to make certain it is not falling.
I'm feeling nervous about starting my new job!
I sawn with the dolphins in Atlantis and it was one of the coolest experiences I've ever experienced. I highly recommend it.
you're dumb. Lol
lol. So do I have to do the music too? Or do u do tht?? Lol. Btw, wht character were u?? I love beauty nd the beast! <3
RT by the power of grey squirrel
What a day at #w2e! Looking forward to #ignitenycx!
Txt me
Samplesaint is plug-and-play. We work with what retailers already have installed on their point of sale systems.
Wonder if the Steelers are going to grab Lucas Nix for their last pick? I'd go OL or Safety here
- all recruiters aren't bad...granted, most of them are...that's why I became one.
thanks hun! Its been a day...
“: I swear , my Boobs feel extra big today . Lol”mhmm let's see them
Our security line is slowed because this child fell out because she doesn't want to put her bag on the belt. Help me Lord!!!
I found it two seconds after I asked.
crossword puzzles are too easy. Then again, look who reads the Red Eye...
Cool! I thought it was the Mucky Duck, looking at the show it's across from the Addison Market so I knew it was close. Thanks!
baked chicken, steamed cabbage, & cornbread from scratch..chef boyarTEE has done it again..Rachel Ray gotta come on wit it...
older is so much better. 40s sucks but 30s are PRIME.
Aggravated & stressed to the max. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I have too much stuff. I just found a pair of shoes I know I haven't worn in at least 5 years that I didn't even remember I had.
UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPE, GIVE US A LOOK! WE ARE RIGHT HERE IN YOUR BACKYARD!
Yeah, they track all the changes on their site. Wish I could volunteer, but not especially experienced in that kind of Wiki.
#nf follow back son
HAVE A GOOD DAY BABY!!!! MISS YOUR HANDSOME FACE THIS MORNING! MUAH! XOXO
I wonder if I could get lucky enough for to wish me a happy birthday today.. <3
Think you meant "can't" and you're right. Guess the Sox believed it.
You messing with the wrong twin!
man u till going to michigan w/ me this weekend? Lol.
hello how are u
Current Status: Searching my tweets for a band name.
"COLORBLIND" everyone buy that #colorblindswaggg. Comin soon!! Get it:))
ctfu u crazy “: yes black crusty lips smh”
Let's get this show on the road
Thank God the weekend is almost here.
You would think that this is common sense...however, not everyone gets it!
lemme take a look at what's going on that weekend. I'll let you know what I've found out that day. Regardless, a day out's fine.
my sack.x
“:“:The one night i dont go to tango is there #dang #sopissed” U melissed us....” I know..bummed
Barons playoff game tonight! OKC is just going playoff crazy... I like it! 100 Bones likes it too, they'll be here TONIGHT.
spend work time finding resources, tools that make your institutions evolve
What do happy people know or do that unhappy people don't?
lol yeah he IS sexy (; haha
Taken a defensive driving course whoope how fun NOT!!
RT : REVEALED: ' new album art and release date! Get it NOW!!! Robot Army.... GO! at.mtv.com/4eA
If Tampa scores please let it be 2 runs. I have the Under and Tampa, and would settle for the split.
Not that Virginia Republicans are any better. They just passed a "personhood" bill for zygotes.
now now....don't JINX it lol
yeah! Glad you like them, enjoy the game.
Whats' up new followers?! Listen at facebook.com/DrawOneCard and give the page a 'like' if you genuinely like it. Much appreciated! :)
In the market for a new watch
I'm happy to see less "happy 420" this year lol. Annoying as hell.
I'm back on my grind...ugh ( Rick Ross voice )
I'm hoping for some Bill Hurt Altered States shenanigans to go down.
Thanks for sharing, but that contest is over.
Sorry. The draft I watch isn't until June. And it lasts 3 days. And has 50 rounds. And I'll be announcing the picks some day.
Enjoyed the Dallas Police Honor Ceremony this evening, thank-you DPD for all you do for Dallas!
We have a fundamental constitutional right to be left alone - if it calms us and we like it that way.
went to #Mormon #Zumba today. No bad words, no middrift tops, no suggestive hip thrusting. No fun.
oh yea?
Love that one too! Currently loaned out-I miss it!
Happy Thursday! We are so excited to volunteer tomorrow with to help create shoe boxes! We will be live tweeting from the event
lol i was entertained by the twitter thugs bashing on you these cats are lame fcuk philly! Hhaha i got you P
Connect Pro is awesome! And not a lot of people are using Skype for the audio half though... that's pretty interesting!
We feel our clients need some puccias Open at noon
Also, without saying much, about 75% of the questions are said assessment were way above the paygrade for this job. WTH?
According to WDYTA you don't have to document your ancestry to join the SAR. What kind of message does this send?
ugh im bored
*you're
Let's follow 4 follow. Will help support eachother? Try the site on my profile for mass free promotion.
/ we stay gettin it!!!
Awesome time in Middlebury with and the Mokaad crew...we done did it YO
Looking for true ROI in your network? #SkySAN Technology was designed to grow & change as your network does. Learn how bit.ly/omfyas
You make my heart beat faster :]]
Why does it seem to take more time to find a market and prepare a story for submission than it does to write it?
Just completed Week 3 - Day 1 (completed 1.62mi with run pace of 15:41 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
Love is a decision we make about how we treat other people.
If you missed them @ the Ken, the Oscar-nominated short films are moving to Reading Gaslamp on Friday.
#England Whores named after him & was a Lincoln favorite. Find out why GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon Kindle
awh c: I wouldn't want to let you go either <3
New show: The Rave/Eagles Club 5/26;8pm w/ Yo Gotti. For info email US at:
JEALOUS JEALOUS JEALOUS haha have fun!! I'll miss you this week! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
you're welcome
Trying to add a flight with 1 coach and 1 first class leg but it says the first class leg is invalid. Works if set to coach.
Did a publication really print the headline "Lin is AMASIAN"? Wow.
I'm not a Christian you simple bastard. I'm just tired of you cry-baby Atheist pissing and moaning about their sad lot in life.
I think beer might be tomorrow's cure-all. Because I think today's crazy is going to carry over.
Oh ms. Crabtree...I've got a pain in my heart
When I say Chris Paul has the ball on a string.....I mean its like literally a string bruh.
Congrats on the new job, Coach. Welcome to the South Region!
I mean still not cheap but...
I gave +K about Red Bull on
Thank you for the RT sir. I really appreciate it.
hopefully soon! We are releasing our new album soon, and then we hope to do some touring again :)
Warriors offer Tyson Chandler 4-year deal
got the boys and things to do with them.
Glad I had bread on OKC
Raising min. balance and overdraft fee not a great PR move --- Banks to 'get creative' on fees in '12. BofA trying was the start j.mp/syH834
Really hopping tonight big crowds, great energy, lots o' stand-by
Can we throw them as we walk down the aisle? RT : Jeweled daggers-more ladylike! RT sword-laden bouquet!
well not really but hey can you message me ?
If Melibee #interns r any indication of what the future of #intled is like, dang, we got this covered! They WOW me, hourly!
Intriguedly jealous! MT Inhotim (Brazil) was absurdly cool, one of the best contemporary art experiences I've had, ever.
Eats beat: Curly&#39;s Frozen Custard plans tie-in to &#39;Stooges&#39; movie
Aye Aye Aye Aye !! Leave Me T'f Alone Chick !!! Damn !
It was...madness. Can't wait for Outside Lands. Can't. Wait.
IT'S MUCH EASIER to turn a friendship into love, than love into a friendship.
my grandpas still kickin it's his 85th birthday
RE: : gotta love that girl... hahahahahahahahahaha and her car issues.....
Omg yay ! jessica
Was hoping to test out my car in snow this morning, instead got to test it in traffic and dirty water. Worked great in that though.:-)
We prefer "a nonprofit's Affleck & Damon."
There are no extra pieces in the universe. Everyone is here because one has a place to fill, every piece must fit itself into big puzzle.
Of course I will! A flight for you, your brother, and mom?
Tuesday is the only morning I don't work out & I must admit I enjoy sleeping that extra hour!! What days do you workout? Morning or Night?
where im from lol right on the other side of memphis my brother throwin me a house party
"I heard girls like to have sex to John Mayer so there is that..." - when we drinking again?
If you're goin to Heaven maybe I could hitch a ride, my only way in Heaven is to sneak in thru the side
So I'm sitting on the N train next 2 this Gianni Italiano dude and he pulls out his electric razor and proceeds to shave right there! LMAO!
There's a difference from liking someone and thinking they're cute
You goin to The Queen Vic tonight. The entertainment is going to be great.
Girls.. excuse me HOES .. is nasty AF nowadays .. #Starbucks REALLY ?
needing to find a cure for our : children brain cancers!!!!!!!!!! ANTHONY WAS 4yrs old 12/4/93 to 8/27/98
I still can't believe you got kicked out yesterday.. You were so scared!
Highest theft 117,711 & lowest murder 323. theft may be high do to the accessibility to others personal objects.
Ran with reindeers today, literally... it's an Alaska thing :)... I was trying to ride one.. but the snow was too mushy... got kicked :( lol
I'm so magnetizing that I've ruined 2 bank cards in about three weeks. This is getting old
you are quite the Neo-Victorian gentleman/poet/difference engine programmer
"I told them down at the depot that I was really f'ed up last night" the bus driver
I've been missing from Twitter lately. Finding it less useful lately as a tool & a resource. Need to retool how I use it, if at all.
Bachelor on The Bachelor (while stepping off of a helicopter) - "These more down to earth dates are nice!"
Postcards, postcards, postcards. Actors should send them to casting directors!! Yes, all the time and continually. McDonald's does it.
Woahhh, what?? I thought I killed him...
50% of my course grade rides on the translation exam I am about to pseudo-sightread.
Forget love... I'd rather fall in chocolate.
Former #Badgers (2008) and (2003) both used the Portsmouth Invite to help make NBA rosters.
What made Peyton a successful QB? A good tight end a la Dallas Clark & Marcus Pollard.Good pick by Indy in the 2nd round for Luck.
Google Voice has interpreted "eric john rettberg" in US Airways's repeated flight cancellation msgs as "Action Redbird." Call me this.
[Media tweeps:] Is tumblr new outlet to evade #publicrelations pros or a cheap crowdsource solution to the 24/7 production cycle? Thoughts?
YES, I couldn't agree more. Harper has proven nothing, zero, zilch.
MAKE THE BEST OF IT. IT WILL FADE SO QUICKLY. OH GOD THERE IS NO GOOD CHINESE FOOD IN THE MIDDLE OF AMERICA.
Thanks for the shout-out! <U+263A>
Mad face 'XO
welp it's a good thing I don't miss your ass either huh
Don't be afraid to experiment with publishing press releases on the weekends
My head hurts. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
I can't wait.
what? never seen mean girls?! what gays do YOU hangout with?!?
Haha! We see you too! GOKINGSGO!
don't shit come easy .. if u want it GO GET IT ...
ok what's ur instagram thing?
Come down to Aurum Studios and get the best mix possible on your tracks!!!!! Grab some beats while your at it!!!
We beat them 2 out of 2 times last year though... RT : dude the squealers 2 out of 3 weeks this schedule is brutal
fantastic job Mr. Walker, you have our family's votes
At the Birmingham, AL airport. Just saw a crew of pageant girls, all about 6 years old.
maybe... Extra time is hard for me right now.
Mega Millions crazyness Sold already $500+. It's predicted tonights draw jackpot at over $700 Million.
doin pretty good how about you
Coyotes are looking a lot stronger this game but the Kings are letting up!
Muybridge google doodle just in time for film foundlings week.
you were so fantastic on Thursday.
Out of all the times a week i eat at mcdonalds, the one time i crave it .. nope.
Having trouble with twittering . anyone else having trouble ?
I went to Ferris a few times to (ahem) check out the campus, and by campus, I mean drink. Can't wait to be on air tomorrow!
it was so pretty! I couldnt stop looking at it! Lol I have no idea what's wrong with me :(
Cell phones should have the option to change "airplane mode" to "drunk mode" that way my drunk texts never leave my phone.
What are you doing for Christmas time?
No one has twitter but you and I. Everyone uses facebook.
It's Wednesday! That means free music at HiPac with & Friends!
Nate got 9 teeth to "watch"......nice goin nate....
I love you too my angel!
We need 20 more friends to like our page to reach 1,000! Recommend our page today and help us get 1,000 likes!
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. ~Columbus
": I'm trying to linlk with you nig homie!"=let's set it up big dog!!!!!
"this is baseball not foul ball"
gonna go laugh my ass off so happy
did u go to his web page. check him out. nice ????lol
Horror movie marathon at my house... I'm not gonna be able to sleep, tonight. ._.
iIf they had weed names like Kung Fu Panda i bet that shit would b smoking lolxxx.
Winning? Lol more like losing..
lol, please share!
remember that one time we were in Branson and that carnie was whistling the Jurassic Park theme song the whole time? Hilarious!
When people cancel plans last minute.. <
you're the hottest news guy! :)
He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.
Frameworks helped RT : #pii2012 : until recently, geoloc was 2 expensive 4 consumer products to mature. It's possible now.
I dislike most spam...bit twitter DM and spam pisses me off.
this cold air making me sleepy...
All things #startups & digital in #Charleston #SC , good way to keep up with local news & goings on.
that's what best friends are for! Even if we aren't always together, I can still help keep you sane <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Oh look. The American Century Theater is now on Twitter:
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God
Wow -- just experienced my first earthquake. I thought it was either a bus or the dogs wrestling upstairs.
Perfect holiday give for #academics #professionals: Improve your short proposal (presentation abstract) writing & get that paper accepted!
You should move there
Not personally, but The Head and the Heart played at my work ( )
Be amazing. Be good. Be pretty. Be strong. Be smart. Be cool. But the most important thing, be yourself.
Lmao i can't
Padvertisement will partner with Verizon and the M2M (machine to machine) secure 4G network.
why did I do that?
RT P R A Y E R! Prayer succeeds when all else fails.
Jennifer Aniston's Wedding &amp; Engagement Magazine Covers Through the Years (PHOTOS) - Celebuzz
Merry Christmas to you and yours!
in la homie you around or Dallas?
looks promising. Thanks!
When everything seems like an uphill struggle, just think of the view from the top.
Implying we're bandwagon? 14 straight years of losing yet I watch, listen or go to just about every game. Get over yourself.
"we'll tell you what the plates are for... A little later!"
Out of the desert and into Luxor on and trip.
I love you! Oh wait I'm just kidding.
Yeah I am going to try to do same.....:)
they deserve to lose then.
happy b day buddy! you are blessed! have a great playoffs and best of luck to you the rest of the way! we love watching you
Learning and application of what you learn, you could resolve any problem and gain any objective that you could set for yourself.
More powerful than two Cleopatras...
you, and miss NEED to come to ATL! Miss y'all so much! <3
Their hawking more super bowl merch in front of grays papaya on 73 and Broadwy - then I saw in all of indy
and i have a good feeling about you and what youre doing so when youre ready lets brainstorm absolutely
where do we get to watch the dual?
Who Won?!
This Movie "The End Of The World" Sounds Pretty Interesting
please!!! I have 24 hours to give some amazing excuse..
Mo, hope the knee is not serious. Best Wishes.
#blah :p
time 2 get ruthless w/ those slides! : )RT : Still trying to squeeze 67 slides into 9 minutes..
Spending my 54th birthday finishing up my "Let's Dance" video from my CD ("cAsE sEnSiTiVe"), which will be released shortly. Ah...
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. Willa Cather
who play first?
"Did you just say 'if you're 10 hit me up'?" .. "you know I like 'em young" oh my god...
DING! DING! DING! DING!
Javale McGee gives some of the weakest screens I've ever seen
You guys! I am so proud of myself. I just got home from the doctors and I have lost 8lbs in the last 5 weeks. Swaggy~~~
on my second pot already :)
out for his second leg in 3 hours....the pains of running #bourbonchase with 10 people.
aint that the truth of it =/
The SWOP Colorado website is finally being launched! We are SERIOUS and mean business people!! Check it out: www.swop-colorado.com
I like won and done, it's a few vowels away from wine and dine.
kourtni just laughed like a witch...
RESPECT THE NEXT MAN'S/WOMAN'S GRIND
Hi! Happy Holidays . . . looking forward to talking with you in the new year
Oh no!!!! We are going back to winter!!!! We, Valliant Printing, have been busy at the shop and we are sweating!!!
twitter is for following groups, news, interesting ppl; facebook for family/friends
when the next iPhone is out. Yes.
yes it does I found a ton here on twitter. Now is a good time as any to have it lots of good things
Thank you for the referral. I'm actually seeking an affordable software package for the PURL creation.
So cuando vienes.. Where y'all staying at
": thought u live in sweden so sorry"what made u think that
At the republican debate. Tweeting the highlights as they happen.
Aww. Sorry to hear.
I'm done.
So much homework I have to do, but I don't feel like doing any of it..
i'm down!
Just made THE best smoothie I have ever made. Mango, pineapple, peaches, a little bit of mixed berries, Greek yogurt and orange juice!
good morning!
Tomorrow! Bring Me The Horizon, Parkway Drive, Architects, Deez Nuts, and On Broken Wings at the New Daisy - RT!
What a great idea! Let's hire our women's coach from the worst women's program in the state! This will turn out well...
I don' t ever get to talk to you guys anymore. Hope you're doing well!!
I followed you. Asked others to as well. Because you are cool. :)
the ump involved in the Lawrie incident should be fined for integrity of the game
RT : Going out tonight? Dine at Meritage - 25% of your total bill goes to Make a difference for kids with
RIP photojournalist and film maker Tim Hetherington and Getty photographer Chris Hondros who died in Libya today.
Packers Mike. By the way, your the greatest of all time
right?! He's terrible
exciting panel art history and digital humanities
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust567777775
Ppl always have time to tweet about how they don't have time..
I'm enjoying reading "This Is Your Brain On Music" by neuroscientist Daniel J. Levitin who I recently met at Sundance 2012 Film Festival
no we def don't. I'm a die hard packers fan living in Illinois haha.
Happy Mother's Day, Mom! - Thanks for letting me suck your tit until I was 8.
Man i been To nice To dese hoes
What the fuck
Nobody cares unless you're attractive or dying.
You always have that one holier than thou mf on your tl..
Thanks Gloria...get you in here soon! RT : YUM! Enjoy!
Thanks for thinking of us! How was it?
I chose Denver's Front Porch as my 2nd session. It's already off to an inspiring start! Great thoughts from folks
Happy Birthday Cuz
im not
yes I loved it
desperate times, desperate measures.
You just made me chortle in public.
cool. I'm on stage jammin' to Fitz and the Tantrums! Awesome!!
That would be the coolest thing ever! But, no, it's not. My name's Alexandra.
sry late - but do you agree that Ravens cannot win the SB with Flacco-has he grown enuff thru 3 yrs to get there?
Cooking note: Next time don't make the hummus so garlicky can smell it as soon as you get into the car.
Anxiously awaiting a supposedly "huge" Facebook announcement at F8. What are your guesses?
The HCG Diet tricks the body into burning the excess fat, leaving behind the necessary that your body really needs.
takes one to know one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#PhD #School #Motivation #Ugh Can’t wait for this semester to be over, so I can do something not school related !
lol my mom always tells me that too
Stop boring me and THINK. "It's the new sexy." #SherlockPBS and The Woman bat it back and forth and it's amazing.
the one time I'm not at work....
WI top cop sez unaware of WI stat 12.13(3)(a) in interview ... here's a hint, JB, not ok to lie on GAB on declaration of candidacy
I'm done! Next time someone asks me what I do for fun, I'm telling the truth. I build web apps. Tired of making up "normal person" answers.
My sunblock has an spf rating higher than a denim jacket and I still got sunburned.
no problem but you asked ithink
I got game like e a,but I wanna let you play
Cocoa pebbles and new episode of Korra with and Feels good to be an adult.
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them. Benjamin Jowett #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
I bet you wish you could remember.
everybody pleaz add she is an amazing role model!!!! she makes selly demi an miley look like scrubs sorry disney but its truth
#arthrites is #acting up.
I wish i could find in the world, run up to him, and give him the biggest hug for his 18th birthday<3 that would be amazing<3
Welcome new friends and ! Have a great day~
Thank you! After I published it, I thought, is this too brash? Then I figured it's my own blog so I can write whatever I want
rediscover David Brent & Wernham Hogg. You'll thank me.
Wishing a speedy recovery! Get Well Soon! <33
Just drove through Amissville. The name is almost good enough to make me move there.
was poppin bra
it was amazing! u need to watch it!! I highly recommend it! so funny!
yeah! Keep it up !! Lets go #Pack9 :)
Wanna start on my sleeves. But don't wanna pay an ASSLOAD.
Inside everyone hides one desire. Outside no one would know..
hahahha no way not what i totally meant hahah gross!
not really going just posting
This book is rocking our world right now: www.roomthebook.com. What books are rocking your world?
He still says "sick" and "dog," but sadly never when referring to a sick dog.
"We weren't focussed on the data, we were focussed on what to do with it." Josh James, founder of Omniture and now founder of DOMO
o que?
It's always fun to incite a riot between my facebook friends.
don't down ya mans to make you feel good or better about the feces you call life. No gangster that's lame.
"Sitting on the duck of the bay"
Waiting for the bus to come and im already late to class:/
My previous search, I should say. From whose results I am clicking on "new search." Adds, like, whole seconds to my searches.
i feel like a black dude would treat me right.
Power Hour at BarNone tonight! $1 Rails and $1 Domestic Taps from 9:30 to 10:30. The ladies get an extra hour! 1139 N Water
Guy just waved at me on the Max. I honestly don't know him but he looks familiar. I think he's friends with my sister. Idk.
im probally gonna cry if you see this!!!! hahahaha!!! CaNt wAiT fOr So LiStEn!!!!
I'm getting ready 2 hit the stage @ the Columbia College Rip The Runway Fashion Show! I'm singing my original dance songs! Wish me luck! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Oh Friday how I've missed you! I thought you had left me forever xoxo
Big things are coming your way, Snackers. Stay tuned.
Def Leppard sings of a video vamp. In the Remix line becomes a "vagueness vamp."
Looking forward to doing Jessica's O's Christmas Party this weekend.This party will be a blast!
By mixing it up. Build a solid foundation and keep adding to it. Don't let it get stale.
my phone died, come at 11 if you want.
as soon as I get my license, I'm coming straight to your house #planonit and I'm
posting pregnant photos of yourself is not cute at all.
she's too cute!!!
Where DO college kids put all their dorm stuff in summer? So happy our Sarah is back, so cluttered is our house!
Fingers crossed...
THIS PERFOMANCE WAS AMAZING!!!!
Hey hey now, you can have a life but I can't? Hahah
I forgot about that, lol.
Spam messages xD
right?! Tami would have only gotten in two sentences. Lol
friendly follow request
Esmé's not on birth control.
Would you compromise your health to save a buck?
That's awesome I like the name haha let us know when you get some tunes up man :D
Excited that my friends will be in DC to meet me next wknd
Wow- So proud of how far you have come! So strong and ready to take on the world. Great seeing you today. Go get 'em!
God does the extraordinary through our ordinary prayers.
Sorry, , but you all just got out-manned. Montreal won the physical side, hands down.
Faith is an essential ingredient in every solution... often it is the solution itself.
It strikes me that we take some things in #HigherEd mostly on faith (eg performance funding) but not others (eg the importance of diversity)
#Followers please #Followback I #NeedFollowers ~ sweet and #sexy or rough and hard?
Coming soon homegrown beat store !!!
A subject for a great poet would be God's boredom after the seventh day of creation.
why do you make yourself look like the biggest bitch in sports tv shows?
Did he see The Color Purple? That counts too.
#SAYSOMETHIN IS INFINITELY STUCK IN MY HEAD. KTHANKSBYE (:
love what you're up to. Thx for following me in my fiction life. This is my teaching life. Cynthia
thanks ur awesome to
The manipulators have been able to get a handle on the market, but they are having a wild ride.
's happiness makes my day better..
Haha(: You need to follow all my twitter friends!
Have you been to the Tulip Festival yet this year? Send us a pic!
sounds good! We choose your number last time unfortunately that number was not you. :(
They have kicked us off the streets and onto sidewalk. WTF:
whoa! neighbor! xoxo
I didn't get a DM:o
They played call me maybe, they better play the what makes you beautiful annd boyfriend.
“: Happy hour anybody? Let's go” just an hour of happy? LOL
Ugh! Another storm with heavy rain & more hail.
Ty Lawson's numbers in this game are unreal. 13-17 from the field, 5-6 on 3s.
"First day of school! First day of school! Wake up, wake up! C'mon, first day of school!" Name that movie! :)
TO MUCH TIME ALONE
Slept on my neck wrong last night now I can't whip my hair today..dang
Ive thought myself out of happiness one million times but never once into it.
Portland Trail Blazers' season opener against the 76ers is tonight at the Rose Garden. RIP CITY!
Keep the Beat LA chant going because you're still getting shutout 3-0 right now. Heyoooo!
Fuck detours always running into road construction
Hey joe
I would love a pile of kitties as blankets. So warm and purry!
Barrio Tequila Bar in 15 minutes. Come by!
it is about $15.00 for his book on amazon.. i just ordered mine yesterday and will get it friday or saturday!!
To improve visibility try using CTRL+ & CTRL- to enlarge text & adjust to your screen width. They really messed up my :(
mugshots. Nice!
This summer needs to hurry up…
Excited to see & for dinner tonight at !
neil peart writes the lyrics. they all write the music.
85... I wilt otherwise....
Thanks Dan! - RT : Welcome back to old stomping grounds, Land Use Cmte - using pwr of Pub Advocate to intro bill re green tech
is in the boogie down bronx at Mommas Hip hop Kitchen almost showtime!
dont worry about anything
Great! We would love your feedback after the show. See you this weekend!
: scape platform will look at screenshot of archived site in contemporaneous browser to see if newer browser can render
REALLY well ;)
HEADED TO CHURCH... <3 MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL & U ALL HAVE A BLESSED DAY!! <3
I'm quickly realizing there is a thing as "too much coffee" - don't mind me, just can't stop shaking & having minor heart palpitations
Visited Gatlinburg and saw mirror mazes, outdoor mazes, laser tag, and mini golf. What's your favorite attraction in touristy areas?
in your heart, in your heart, in your heart.. I can tell you can fit one more
Its so easy to focus on what you DONT have. Gotta drop that habit. Im way too blessed for that.
Besides Rob, most famous Wisconsin Rapids resident = Dick Trickle.
I wonder If Santa uses twitter??
Grizzlies are amazing, formidable and best viewed on TV.
Thanks for the Justine Musk post. Exactly what I needed on a dreary Monday morning.
thanks for the follow your doc sounds interesting
When #ChuckNorris plays Monopoly, it affects the actual world economy.
Success is Not so Much What we Have as it is What we Are. ~Jim Rohn
The last hour of the draft for the #Packers has been bedlam here in Green Bay
“: That's what we want! ” How long are u on tonight?
Is something going on special today?? :).
you need to go to bed youre hallucinating.
thanks for the invite! Lol
Launched in 1977, Voyager 1 is a mere 16 light HOURS from earth.Nearest star Alpha Centauri A is 4.37 light YEARS from earth.Cosmos is HUGE!
I know that feeling. But you gotta believe!
10/10 people on the shuttle from the airport were #drupalcon attendees.. Male/Female ratio was 60/40!
Welcome JJ. Let me remind everyone, I am the president of the Coach K fan club. Called it during '10 summer league.
what happened? Thought you deleted your twitter or something
Can't deal, summer is too close for issues.
Stuffy noses<<
Thanks Jenny for informing us.. Nice name :)
While the novelty associated with taking pics of red doors has passed for me over these 10 years, I still appreciate seeing them.
Potus affirms same sex marriage! Even in difficult times, we can take massive step forward!
Wow, thx. That one's only for the brave. MT I got a dozen people to fall for "Variations on Grief." Love. Re-read it often.
Thank you so much for all the support!
Am I hard enough, am I rough enough, am I rich enough...I'm not to blind to see.........
Needed: 1 #Brooklyn #Accent . Will trade voice boxes through June 20.
Surely there's a place in Muskogee that serves beer and/or cheese! If not, we should open one!
Going to Sandi Ego!(:
Some people come into our lives, and even after they have left we still will always remember them because of the impact they made in us.
Well good thing youre back in the US! its only 4:12 (:
#InCaseWeDie , Someone needs to take me to Australia. Good aye mate ;)
I already can't wait for next year's basketball season
hamburger helper nigga!
why is 2 chainz trending....artist like him are who gives hip hop a bad name.
Rather than enjoying a day in the park I am post carding. Maybe I'll take a break at the batting cage and work off some frustration.
I forgot to refridgerate my leftovers
best of luck! What are ur future plans?
#10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Turn Me On
GET BETTER GARY NEAL!!!!!!!!!! YOU ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THIS SPURS OFFENSE!!!!!!!!!
Alexa & her father have a fan here lol
Gonna see tomorrow
Today I met this person at the movies, and he said I was really funny. Ha like I don't know this already?
Today should be great#Productive!!!
stop warning people of your arrival!! Just sayin
*brother ": My sister is seriously the biggest BITCH ever!! -__-"
Nice --> RT Oh great. Out of all days of the year for a CNN interview. Friday the 13th? For serious?
just sent a wave of hats out.. love gettin' that locals discount at UPS
music video, but I was the original "girlfriend"
hi!we just opened & would love for u to try our slice!u need more financial district pizzerias on your map ;) add
American does not have any coach or business class award travel to Asia for my dates. Looks like l'm flying first class!
loves making boys so nervous they blush and sweat -- literally. ;)
‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’
North dekalb mall movie theatre. Striving for mediocrity.
never put that in my head!
means u nasty
srry guys that wasnt the good one ! :$ >> my story im going 2 look for the right one haha :$ xmichelle
Thanks for including Mandy's #SpiderMan post!
when you get to Indy stop by the curling demo sheet in SB Village if you have some free time. Hope to see you in town!
ahahaha i know! thank god (:
Blumkin on a bus
thanks for the mention, still trying to get my Twitter legs under me. Appreciate the support.
true. But I don't see it. Not at all.
You Forced It!! Naw Some Nigga That Brandon Arguin Wit!
Navigator still has some clear advantages over the Escalade, namely the function and operation of its second- and third-row seats
Back to philly
RIP Bob Probert. Punch an angel for us.
A bad girl trying to be good:/.
Has anyone tried the Dorito taco at Taco Bell yet?
I kind of want to buy that now.
Rachel got a twitter!!! everyone follow her!
Excited about them playing I'm in ,"Too Much Drama, To Stay Focused". By Earl Singleton
totally just heard thunder. crap. crap. crap.
Wisconsin vs. Nebraska picks? Mine is Wisconsin.
You shouldn't wear a "belly shirt" if you have one.
Benjamin Sheffield we don't use poster giant because of their business practices. just an fyi.
Touche! Curious to see how much #SM can help though. RT : Troubles likely run deeper than
so close. I was sweating the 4th quarter. I'm just hoping one of us can take down
Howlin for you is the opener. Crowd into it.
I usually go to the nonfiction section first!
People are here tweeting famous people and I'm just sitting here waiting to go to a park..
thanks! The whole crew made it happen though - great work all!
if he was president that would be....... AWESOME!!! hey i gotta go and fix supper.. ttyl
Important reminder: Collaboration is not a goal, it is a means to an end.
words cannot explain how much i love rap music man
is slow as can be today. Lots of 500 internal server errors. Really should just bite the bullet & go through the pain of switching.
Thanks all Bricktown Shuttle riders from last night! Take advantage of the trip from Norman and Edmond every Thursday, for only $15 ea.
Have you heard that Kim Jong il has died?
All of a sudden , Im not sleepy
I heard a lecture yesterday:scientists trained organotypic slices w/ electrical impulses.A brain in a dish learning! Intelligence?
I will(:
A relative just confronted me about rejecting her as a friend on fb multiple times. We are in the house of god lady, put it away.
My one childhood hero who taught me to keep on rolling through life. Thank you Kenny Kawaguchi.
I wanted to do it through email... I will DM you.
don't love me... she judges me harshly.
United Airlines...really?? Flt 421 ord to lax...90 minutes waiting for them to suck the water from the fuel well in the runway?
#DailyRebellion: Do something unexpected.
ANOTHER HOUR OF GLEE. This is awesome
About four months from now BIG BROTHER 14 will begin! ARE YOU READY?
KG just got off
Interested in speaking at a future Detroit Lean Startup Circle meeting? Let me know.
Misplaced my BlackBerry for 15mins this morning. Panic came over me as if I lost one of my kids. I think it's time for a technology break.
Fun party! I wish you great success in your new endeavor of photos and social media wrapped in one great package.
yehp thts why u love me :p
he's nuts. Lol
Thanks for all the support RT : ;) RT : S/O to Follow the YKMD Boss
I just rocked the anthem at the Bucs game and sang in the rain for the first time!! :) simply amazing!
“: #smwsportsbiz panel what's the newest, coolest, innovative way any of you are utilizing social media?” great q
Thanks for the follow, you had us at The Killers and new album! Have an awesome day!
Had a nice conversation with yesterday about how getting comfortable is for suckers. Stay hungry!
Thank you, thank you!!!
There is nothing stronger than hot chocolate in the press box.
Open today at 1:30 for IU Big Ten Tourney game-game starts at 2:00. #beer, #pizza &
Ok, how cool is this: some seats at Petco Park have a computer that lets Padres fans surf the Internet, or order food from their seats!
Who says I can't cook? You obviously haven't tasted my cereal.
She Can Tell Me Whether They Accepted Me Or Not! :)
I cannot fathom why people cannot understand that Obama is a chimera and that he'll blow apart under pressure.
Albuquerque, freshly spun!
#15minutes , keeps us on our toeess, (:
Thanks for the easter egg hunt, at least I can say I found 100% of the eggs!
#ravens now need help at O-line. But I've heard they see value in the later rounds. They may trade up to get Stephen Hill.
what you know bout them night terrors
i wanted gasp <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> and chuckle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> at that tweet to the "fellas". Oh Fred.
Sobotka pings one off the post after the #SJSharks get caught deep in the offensive zone and give up a 3v2.
looking 4wrd 2 ur visit. hope you try the new swiss chard quinoa, white bean salad
Best hashtag of the week goes to for #bearlife. Check out for brunch, you're welcome in advance
no but i think hes cute hahaha espesially in the hunger games
yea I bet
It's supposed to drop into the mid 30's tonight! Yikes.
you boys need to calm it down :P
the Vitra sale starts tomorrow! getting things ready now.
i wasnt working the shoot, but they let me stop by and meet some of the peeps that are on for HSII - and explore, obvi :D
thanks for following us!!
You're really pretty. :3 not trying to be weird or anything lol.
He shouldnt be smelling like this...
Ya welcome. ;)
bad ass RT : I was walking with my shirt halfway off at p.e and B lunch today
600 followers #YEE thanks everyone! :D
Thats great to hear, we're glad you enjoyed it!
Just listened to a great keynote address on education by Dean Christopher Edley visionary and solution oriented. Q
I love my family
got ya babe
i want to go sky diveing ^.^
Messi is from another planet.
Jones Group says retailers ordering cautiously - Reuters
LAST MINUTE RESCHEDULING! BLUE MAGIC IS NOW AVAILABLE THIS SATURDAY NIGHT! Contact us now for deeply discounted rate. 405.447.2446
you're so "ooh", but also so "gay"
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference....
Is it bad that I can genuinely see her ending up like Lindsay Lohan or something?
your welcome! :D - Zaona
i hope you have had the best day ever!!(: <3 happy birthday Austin Carter Mahone!<3 never give up on what you do best! (:
Thanks for your time, if you ever have any need for secondary market services can help :)
Mann people are driving like its snowing. Chill its just rain
conference then vacation. Looking forward to the time off. :)
Factoring can be a cost-effective way of outsourcing your sales ledger while freeing up your time to manage the business
I'm excited the morning after an election; That hasn't happened in awhile. Congrats to and to the folks of
#MarcoAndretti is live with Chase and Kreger right now discussing the
2012 is turning out to be OVER THE TOP for ME!
how goes the juice cleanse? Been thinking of doing it myself.
Fantastic weekend...sunshine today. Near 80 (great beach day). Sun & clouds for Mom's day. Highs in the upper 70s. Enjoy!
Can anyone recommend a great external mic for a computer- one that will capture all audio in a lecture hall?
#idRatherHave Facebook dissapear so I can go back to selling binoculars
Lesson: check the lawn h2o schedules at local parks. Just wen for late night walk with dog and ran into a wall of water. ops.
Tell me a name of a perfume or cologne that you can't find anywhere
Typing a tweet in Twitter for iPhone just to see what it's like.
my friend said you where weak, so i smacked his food out his hand. now its #upsidedown on the floor
Do you think my landlord will be amused if I write APRIL FOOLS on my rent check instead of a dollar amount?
Set an intention and you are at the cause of its fulfillment. Have an expectation and you are at the effect of what remains unfulfilled.
Great game Bringing it back to the 303
Mikey I will not go to sleep until you follow !!! Haha jk ima crash soon but please followe her b4 I do!!(:
On a replacement bus from Johnstone to Central Station. X77 just overtook the bus. Conclusion = get bus to Glasgow
: my hypothesis: the cost crisis cannot be solved from within. each dollar saved is a dollar of someone's income lost
#beforeIdieIwantto find someone to spend the rest of my life with
MIAMI tf HEAT!
That sounds so amazing right now!
Do women really mean it when they say they want total honesty? Cause when a guy opens up, they get freaked out.
If you want to support the Columbus arts and entrepreneurial communities, you can do one of two things (or both)...
17 page math packet. Due tomorrow.
RT I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down. - Charles F. Kettering
Tech museum folks: What's your web-based writing style? Trying to choose between AP and Chicago. Do you aim for consistency?
i have hope now :D
BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE PLEASE<3 AW C'MON (RYAN GOOD VOICE ;) )
The problem WITH us MEN is WE don't THINK when WE do SHIT! But a FEMALE PLAN there SHIT weeks HEAD n ALREADY call THERE friend UP 4 back UP!
I think the anonymous comments/blogs completely de-legitimizes rostra.
Pythagoras~ Rest satisfied with doing well and leave others to talk of you as they please.
Nothing goes better with a hot day than iced coffee, patio seating, and #fireflycupcakes!
Today is World Autism Awareness Day. I am blessed to have 2 sons with autism and a daughter with Aspergers. They color my life with joy!
Happy Birthday!
"Dance w/ My Father" by #LutherVandross is one of my fav songs! It gets me incredibly emotional every time!!
wait, isn't one of 's sponsors all about the vibrating universe?
I'M TAKING MY TALENT TO DALLAS
I love you to death <3 #Bella<3
If I had a time turner, those term papers would be graded, but I would have less hair and more wrinkles.
Zemblanity is the word of the day. But fret not, tomorrow will be better :)
speaking of things they don't even do in the home country.
Results from one precinct in for Macon County!
Join us in wishing a 10th ANNIVERSARY to The , who started playing in April 2002. ALL HAIL THE INVINCIBLE CZARS!!
RT : #Taurus is not intimidated by anyone.
Somehow that seems within the realm of possibility ": I am just waiting for the day someone hits your parked bike"
Your demo! I loiked, I loiked indeed.
Hi You're a doll:)
Today was heeeella fun;D I really wanna join student council now.
: (*laughs*) i have no idea of political implications of MS grammar check, though would love to research it!
What's ur number ?? I need to text u details for tonight
My favorite aunt is a nurse! Happy Nurse's Week to all the fabulous nurses who take care of us every day! xx
...and you know #Saudi is going to bust out the camel troops.....lulz... I'd hate for my last name to be #AlSaud right now.
It's called TJ Oyster Bar
yes- NBC 33 Facebook page and on their website;)
What is wrong with U ppl. IT IS NOT FREE, SOMEONE HAS TO PAY FOR IT. Can you open ur mouth w/o spinning what the truth is?
Congrats, Troy! Will miss working with you.
On #nplead call,
Few of the many wise apothegms which have been uttered have prevented a single foolish action.
OMG those jeans!
Good mixtape, many bands I've never heard of. liking this one: Dag for Dag
Awesome. Come back soon. RT Introduced to the world of Thai today. was a great first experience.
good morning! Still not sure how I feel about Apple using celebs. Commercial has same feel but plays diff w/ SLJ or Zooey D.
have u gone mad???“: I want seasonal temps to return. #thereIsaidit #thishotweathersucks”
I wish the #nbaconferencefinals has extended series =[
"Be proud to be watching 'Shame' and be ashamed to be watching 'Twilight'" -- ticketchecker @ kabuki theater in SF
I'm high!!!! Ass fuck right now
If you want your company to grow, strengthen your management. - Heather Haas Advisa
great post!
Madonna- Give it to BOHH
haha, oops! but yeah, now you're sure you'll get in for free ;)
It's amazing that the people here believe in me! They see my potential already!! :)
Im gonna wear my solidarity hoodie to work all week
#LSCON how committed are you? Cop- out, hold-out, all-out
will do .! all has ben followed
I've never seen that movie so im still bias...lol but BELLY'S soundtrack would probably beast that one!
Ransom is a dope flick. Fuck mel gibson tho
names Olivia (: if you want a photo, use my icon? xx
Happy to you as well!!
He seriously snores with his eyes OPEN!
When the world says, 'Give up,' Hope whispers, 'Try it one more time.'
Yessir, I second that.
With each day that passes, my boxer Meggers gets slower & more tired. I hate watching the downward spiral of my best companion
"Retire a Champion" Obama 2012 Campaign slogan?
Seems like this Jacksonville or New York decision that Tebow gets to make is a no brainer. Go where you're wanted and can start.
I'm pleased to report that my copy editor has not tried to remove my Oxford commas, which would have been a painful surgery
sushi, finally I almost died
Coffee is so addicted to me, it can't wait to get in my belly.
Fashion is fleeting. Style is timeless. Our style? CG Philosophie- The Cerebral Approach to Fitness.........
Ughh everything has to be such a fucking operation like nothing can just go smoothly
:O YOUR MATT IS *STILL* BETTER THAN ME MATT?!?! :(
it was a big job. :-) I want to talk to about copyright now. Miss you!
Watching a marathon of re-runs of Ice Loves CoCo
aww not just yet - but in a few doe
you eat poop!
That's cool Me and had an awesome lunch....
I like Spencer Hawes, but no way he's a Husky legend.
Purple and Blue, and Neons! lets just say
I wish I didn't have to pilot stuff and could just jump in both feet, head first, kowabunga and fail. unlimited budget/no repercussions ;)
Too noisy.
love your new avatar, girl!
Get your dates straight! Moving day was in march! Jan moving day... Make sure you don't forget your pashminas!! Xoxo
get back Online DAMN GOOFY.
Ha, that'd be awesome!
i love how & are such good friends. <3 like really. There meaning of 'True Friends'
Tonight's chat w/Joyce #Maynard no exception: moving, inspiring, fun.
Darren Whitehead's message at Willowcreek on Aussies and Giving ~Awesome!
nice article on lip care! Thanks!
#MunicipalMonday=came up with this today. Objective 1: prove I care about where I live. Objective 2: make enough $ to live somewhere else.
I got my errands out of the way before the rain hit. Yay!
We're playing with Jukebox the Ghost on April 11 at The Social. Come out and support great people making great music. Hit us up for presales
Jermaine O'Neal's contract (23M) is higher than his SHOOTING PERCENTAGE (20.4) for the series! That's not easy to do...
looked at tracking, and my is still in new jersey. bo, want it now!
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
what's the emoticon for eye rolling?
it's what the dr said lol
Then half way thru I just really wanted the 3 main characters to all get squashed by that "godzilla" thing, lol!
Job = $ = Shopping <3 this summer is gonna be bomb!
Sorry people are still talking trash to you. I'm #BBN all the way through, but I wish you nothing but the best of luck!
i need a new profile pic... but idk like this this one... hm
vball tourny all day-- going to sleep
have been reading great things about Wild. Will you be coming to Los Angeles or San Diego to promote it?
accountability: an integral part of the transaction of open leadership. actions are expected for the chance to innovate
Zing! RT Yeah, but this is Texas. Getting gas is basically buying local.
oh yea it is! School is gay. It's all busy work, take me home. I could be asleep.
Did anybody just see that big flash of light n day sky?
Two things I cant wait for. #Packers football and NCAA 13!
when it comes to , you dont know what you have until it's gone.... gonna miss ol' #56, even more than ol' $4
Fucked off another job opportunity wasting time at Dallas Live last nite, Smh, I should shoot my muthafukin self
everyone has a story but we don't kill anyone or anything
smarter than having Cromartie on the team
My finger tips are holding on to the cracks in our foundation
Thank you! :o)
we are rivals, if your a sports fan.. of all sports. Lol..
How are things with you?
Poynter's Iron Pit is taking over this town, What's these pansy gyms gonna do now?
ya dude going clubbing sober is interesting and annoying at times! I've been doing it! -Annalisa
MIAMI trip Soon
Hunger Games trailer on tv
I find kids unfortunately don't take writing as seriously in other content area.
how and when did we get to be almost 30 instead of almost 20?? i'm pretty sure i left for college aug 18 too. it was a saturday.
First day of summer session is a super awesome day for servers to all go down for the entire day. Yep. Awesome!
Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress. ~ Thomas Edison
Some our hair create more oil than others so some if us need very light oil in our hair! Less is more
I know! I'm just kicking it at home with a baby. Sorry I didn't make it to LSM. Next time!
Im hongry... yea wit an O
Dang. I was about to take a nap, but we have to go dress shopping instead. ):
Everybody's pissing me off today.
Birthday dinner with fam
Yes if its real, then u kno how I feel!!! RT When I'm grinding on u...this beyond sex
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts. - Albert Einstein
#Royals are covering this one with gravy and sprinkles! SO FAR...because the Texas offense is not to be triffled with.
Good Day, Tweeple!!!!!! How is everyone doing?
I'm sure it's warm and moist inside LBVS
Is it time yet? Can't sleep!
So can you state your position clearly so we aren't so confused? What does #toomanylaws have to do with it?
idk.....I just tweet whateves I want:)
will have to miss it :-(
So glad you've met!
who's your favorite athlete of all time?
I am hooked on Oprah's # Life Classes#Entertainment. It is perfection.#Talk Show
On this day in 1862 in the largest battle west of the Mississippi, Earl Van Dorn's Confederates attacked Union forces near Pea Ridge, AR.
forgot about Halloween socks yesterday (was wearing sandals), so I'm wearing them today
Marvel made it. It's called Man Thing. (ba dum tish)
LA Gonna Get The Win ..... Watch..
Is there a reason why everyone is insisting on being extra annoying today?
Excellent Godfather reference.
RT : "An Organic Conversation", this Saturday at 10am - The Secrets of Biodynamic farming - on www.green960.com.
I posted my initial thoughts to the blog.
vnecks or crew necks???
All I want for christmas is Justin Bieber to come to birmingham so I can see him in consert and get a pic or tow with him and a autograph ;p
Was this shit in the forecast?
was great seeing you for a second last night! #Hugs&Smooches
Since every senior isn't going to be at school tomorrow because of either Grad Bash or 4/20, juniors should park in the senior lot, js
RT : The song "Ordinary World" in your earphones turns ANY moment into a cheesy breakup scene.
is in total need of
Well it
that is funny! the 2 go so well together, seems there are many similarities between weather and the ground. (and us "talkers")
UFunny.The 1st time I saw him I said "That cute guy got 2have Puerto Rican in him w those BigPuppyDogEyes". No lie!
Nice..keep it up and never give up!!. ;)
Now I'm fucking happy <U+E415>they put the #mw3 dlc pack into the regular playlist now I get to play what ever mode I want... #xboxlive <U+E113><U+E311><U+E11D>
Today is a beautiful day! Things are going great, I am so blessed.
Or, hmm, maybe it's the 62 tabs I have open in #Chrome ...
Good Morning! : ]
What the hell is the doing trading superstar Mona Ellis and up-and-coming Ekpe Udoh? The #Warriors are going to lose many fans!
You really believe you're going to be the Leader of the Free World, don't you? The mere thought of it is mind-boggling.
I've played handball (a sport like soccer just with ur hands) and then watchin soccer :).
Stay tuned. I heard rumors....
So #Irene is tap-tap-tapping on my windowpanes, but she's way bossier about it than Suzie Snowflake.
OMG, hi!!!!!! Our whole staff is talking about how much they love you right now, haha! Please join Springpad! cc:
True or False: wins the 2012 Masters?
The mall was empty. However, everybody in the mall had either red or blue on.
hellz yeah don't forget All-That and That one retarted Mark Summers show with the slime
A great rain for Houston today. Good thing I mowed the lawn yesrerday!
Beware the ides of March...
Skippin with a guy who used to hate me .. Strange ?? I think so . Lol
sorry i've been mia. agree. it's better on you then me but still eh...
I really want some jack in the box. Minus the horrible service.
How's your Friday 13th going?
Some gifts are big, others are small. Gifts from the heart are the best gifts of all. -Unknown Author
That was a bold prediction on his part.
Found a spot right outside my cousins house. :D
We have Shellac Mainucres and Pedicures!!! Call today at 577-8953 and book your next appt or visit our website at msalonaz.com
Ugh! How can you be a "Life Coach" and a person whose philosophy keeps seeing a 3/4-full glass as half empty?
Century guy girl dace tonight to bad they stink
There's a special place on whore island for you.
hell yea; i use to have that shit on my myspace page playing. Lol
RT : Goodell: “A combination of elements made this matter particularly unusual and egregious,” ...
Lol this is wild
Ah, Monday. Here's something to cheer you up: our new US Editor for Religious Studies is on Twitter () and has an excellent blog!
thanks for the love, !!
young startups hire all kinds of other young, inexperienced people: engineers, designers, marketers - such is life...
That's got to be a first for me. Mowing the yard in January.
Thanks for the shout-out!
Glad to see #RedSox winning, but they need to do that against playoff teams, not just doormats. Now looks like Crawford out-elbow surgery.
We are going to be pulling inventory from our store and making record bundles just in time for the holidays. More records for less money!
HE HAS HIS NOSE MAURY!! &THEM EARS, THEM EARS STICK OUT JUS LIKE HIS DADDYS.
about to start international stout day!
lol so what's up?(:
Casual card games
Attended a great networking social last night in Silicon Valley. I am also working on my coaching business and my nu music dj mixes
On another note, hope everybody having a good day
Thanks, honey! :-)
AUSTIN MAHONE FOLLOWED US YESTERDAY! ah lol
They used to use the radio audio for these games. Not that I'm defending my comment, but Uke has been used before.
Met made my day, no my year! thnx for making this the best day ever!
Weeks hit on the hand with pitch...I'm guessing torn ACL, out for the season.
A gallon of gas for a dime? Elect Ron Paul!
Simply introduced me to the site..with your pic/tech savvy background…
nacho salad. Ground beef, black beans, green chiles, tomatoes, olives, salsa for dressing & a couple cracked tortilla chips.
when your just in that feel good mood that absolutly nothing can get you out of!
ohh wait I think it was victor lol
Excellent! Very true!
The Book of Mormon is musical theater as it should be- equal parts entertaining, hysterically sinister and daring. What talent!
yeah for sure - but procrastinating politicians will figure something out in 2032 I'm sure. Hah
"What mile marker are you at? I need to know if I should pray for you or not." - my sister is so weird
Trusting people these days is just not that easy.
That's the only way I take them!!!
Do mailboxes still exist?! Why can't I find one?
The Pumpkin Spice Ale has been brewed, boiled, pumpkined, and now sits in the fermenter!Who's ready for some great autumn brews?
hey thanks for the follow! we love you now. "like" us on facebook!
lol o no
Remember to hold on to who you are and what you stand by and never let that go,it will always be in the end..
RT : "Oh my goodness, so much sausage" - Chef Nick Musser at
hey you going to derby???
100%! RT : If you're American you have a debt 2 pay. Not 2 sit back & criticize what is happening but to contribute 2 what should
Massive cravings for crab based dips.
watching Ellen give away fun prizes to her audience of her birthday show that i didn't win tickets to! waaaaah
I think my mother just broke up with me.
#thatawkwardmoment when you hear Summer of 69 playing, you think of another song....mmmh yeah. you know.
It's funny how we can remember the lyrics to hundreds of songs, but can't remember anything when we study for a test.
My Team "The Fresh West" will be performing at Club Carnaval in Pomona, October 19th (Wednesday). Free entry under my guestlist. +21 andover
Thank u!!
Keep it movin'! ;)
woh woh woh good sir!!!! Seattle Invented coffee, ok well maybe not, but we we're the first to do it right. But Portfolio was good
Fuck you #nba you greedy sob's. I will start watching college ball. Many fans will not be loyal when you return.
RT : In pursuit of spicy food outside of my house #DC HELP!
looking forward to seeing you tonight! Cheers
A new website, new video series, summer show dates, & a new album are ALL IN THE WORKS! Many exciting dates soon to come :)
My phone may have died...permanently. Please email or FB message me if you need to contact me.
SWest attndnt just announced prebrding for "5-11 yo traveling alone". I don't even let my 10 yo stay home alone, let alone travel"
#ideas2action mobile Georgetown goes live. Now to "make it awesome".
Very impressed by #JeremyEvans second dunk!!! Wow!!
4rm na on ANY type of FIXIN or HACKIN i gotta do I NEED Dat PAPER...NO MOE FREEBEES 4 ANY NIGGA...U NEED HELP N I NEED MONEY...#Momma Ra ...
Sonic happy hour with good start to the weekend
I hate when girls think they soo hard like bitch yu go to clark who yu post to be scarying lol yu hoes funny..
Are we changing individual behaviors, systems and finally hearts and minds. Last is most difficult to measure.
Poll Results! Where will Carmelo Anthony play this season? 49% = Knicks, 17% = Nuggets, 34% = Other. What do you think of the results?
Sure, let us know when works for you. We're in town this week and next.
Follow a #WVU fan and #Weirton guy back!
There are a LOT fewer rolls of microfilm of Conference minutes and newspaper issues for me to look at than I thought. This is very good.
Anything other than iMessage is a turn off.
WORD! good looks
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day! Stop on in tomorrow and snag up some 4g eighths all day!!!
forgot to charge my iphone ipad will have to do now
#YouKnowYouDrunkWhen you take a shit in the sink and then go wash ur hands in the toilet
Have fun in Vegas! Let me know if you need hook ups :)
stop thinking RT : Was thinking first person to hide wallet in shoes while swimming: Genius. Every person after that: Not so much
and Down By The Seaside is their most underrated tune!
I really don't understand why no one ever wants to hangout with me. like am I really that bad to be around?!
on behalf of the internet....thank you for that.
Look for a special issue of Bus Lines on board buses and in information racks located throughout Milwaukee.
cause im hungry as shit
I just hope they understand before anything im a man.
Home from the gym. (:
just what we need in our lives, adding another meaningless bowl game
i want to start a secret society...
* Honey Cocaine Flow :D ...
Jodi, thanks for following. I am on twitter follow limit right now, so I'll follow you back as soon as I can, PEACE
I believe in ghost ! #freakedthefuckoutrightnow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB>
how does downtown Tokyo stack up to Times Square NYC
Adding notes a bit confusing. It opens with a text area - I begin typing my note - then click add note - and my text disappears.
recipe please...
Don't be silly! You know you can't go but so far…
Anyone want to know what's happening with the FORMER Indy East Motel?
My suitcase was too heavy because of my September Vogue. #typical. Maine here we come!
yes when i ready
I hope you can come back to sytycd next season. . #missingyourchoreographies . .!! :):)
o.m.g. RT : Disgusting RT : We'll spend $7 billion on Halloween this year. And $300 million on pet costumes | ...
Am I gunna have to block a bitch already?
LOVE IT! Listen at 10:40pm for your shout out!!
If you fall in love with two people, stick with the 2nd one... Obviously, you weren't in love with the first one...<3
say hello to at Shelf Life! She's a real sweetheart :)
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
With josh and :) about to go make noise in houston!
Heading to Texas to see my colleagues in Houston and Dallas. Looking forward to conducting training programs for you!
Hey bro, you heard 'bout rocketsnail's blog? I saw you commented on it. heh.
Hit us up lithesome #FF =)
my email is on the left side bar of my blog after the introduction. But I'll get you updated - thanks!
NACKA Kickball double header!
luv you best friend! I luv our talks <3
please follow me so we can discuss buisness. I tried to respond to your DM.
Time to change my look. Hair,makeup and outfits. Spring is the best time to mix it up.
RT So I wonder what the hell is going on, & what Jim Dever is doing w/that chicken. <<<--Chicken?
I'm such a miserable bitch, I have nothing to live for anymore.
Now power? No problem! Survive after #Irene with a
Does anyone want to be in the video im making for the iconic boyz?
Hi. *Smiles beautfuly* I'm Selena.
RT George Harrison >>> Ryan Ross.
Just turned on Bulls game for a minute. WTF are the Raptors wearing? Those uniforms are horrible.
I've hit the wall. You could only use the "It's for a contest" line so many times, before customers realize your a desperate liar.
RT : Had a Tour at it was Great :) - It was our pleasure!
You make me laugh Bro. BTW you are on the skins tonight , so bring your A game. : )
Not at all. You should take her to one of Todds parties. So lame she will be dying to go anywhere and do anything after 10min.
Love you too gurl.
Tell us about your next film
Get down and freaky, ya'll. It's #Fridaythe13th!
ON MACK & BEWICK
This is horrible I have a piece of tree bark in my eye. -_____-
Once i put my headphones, my whole life becomes a music video
I see a girls night in our immediate future!
Congratulations to for selling to all 3 stores!
Supplements can mean all the difference in your dog or cat's health. A teaspoon of oil on their food can help eliminate shedding & itching
Give employees $1 and make them feel like they got $1.10.
But search marketing done right is all about being wrong
M! McDonald's breakfast!
I'm so very sad my heart is broken I LUV THE BEASTIE BOYS peace and luv ADAM we will miss U!!!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
“: “If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.” David Viscott”
Thank you for your prompt reply - glad that #bankofamerica is allocating resources to twitter!
Hanging with Joel Warren at to discuss hair color trends for Spring and Summer...look out for the article later this weekend
Dear twitterverse..please send good thoughts to my friends dad who is having back surgery today. :-)
Overslept for work two days in a row.
I don't know why the Liberals are so worried about their agenda being defeated. The Bible teaches that men shall wax worse n worse. 2Tim3:13
loved it
RT : For a chance to win a $50 gift certificate for Mother's Day, upload a photo of your mom and a note about why she rocks....
thank you so much
So exciting!!!! Praise & Jubilation are upon you.
: Dear , you're beautiful yet so forgettable. Why?
RT Driving to Bristol. ETA 7:52 PM using Waze - Drive Social
Two of my aerospace engineers are writing about "less lethal" weapons this semester. It's been really hard to guide their writing.
yes, me too. Re your dm about twiter. I tried to dm ya back but td was acting up lol. Thanx for heads up. :-)
I pray for all those people that were involved with the earthquake and the hurricane hope you guys are doing good
studio in the P.M !
RT : Customers build relationships w/ people, not products. Develop lasting #business partnerships with excellent
Who ever is In my friends twitter better give it back is just wrong fuck I'm mad please give it back please
Good Luck today.
here comes the double play for mcgehee
“: Those New York-Presbyterian commercials get me every time.” Me too-- amazing and emotional.
yummy and feeling know pain after two glasses...lol! wasn't up to going out myself but i could've used a cuddle buddy tonite.
I know that an endless love isn't something you can teach with you there is not a star in the sky that I can't reach.
i lovee twitter :)
I "LOVE"being single!!!!!
Thanks for supporting me love :) Share then with your friends and "like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fabs
Amazing everyone. Thank you all!!!
Today's weekly ritual of scaring all the animals with the vacuum- successful.
dope, we'll see what you 'bout.. You should specify which local talent you're promoting, perhaps ?
Through the love of another we discover who we are and who we can be. Love supports us to believe in ourselves. Happy Mother's Love Day.
Hey, I just bought 2 tix for Sunday through that TipIQ thing, but don't see a seat assignment. Will they be next to each other?
Hopefully me and the wifey gets to go the movies tomorrow
If I showed up to your front door carrying spoons with devil faces on them what would you do?
Agreed. Here at USC, the thunderclaps were followed closely by shrieking.
We need Stelena, who's stelena?
In the year I have done my best to show #RVA some of the best talent in Va as I said I would. I preached & still do that I support my state.
Hm... That reminds me...
when ever ur logo says 'lean forward' next 2 it my husband + his friends drink!What a great #hurricane game.Thanks from the flod zone
Sad how chris brown set back his image tenfold by allowing his Rihanna anger rage to surface again. As a PR stunt it worked but bad kharma
Shorty got a friend and her friend got A friend too haa.lol shyt is FUEGO ft husband or wife remix video coming soon
come visit city bible church again soon! :) we miss you!
LET'S GO #YOTES!
No prob, buddy.
but All-Star Western is doing a pretty bad-ass late-1800s retcon for Gotham. And I don't even like Jonah Hex.
aw Thanks! You are very cute too :)
tell all of your followers to follow me ok
I'm not saying she was stupid, but I asked her how to spell Mississippi and she said 'the river or the state?
If anyone has had enough of this damn sunshine I'm about to watch "My Girl". At 7. In a basement. Feel free to join me. Bring ice cream.
OMG! today is my cuzin Ryan's bday!!! Ah gotta call him!!!:$
Pretty good! They chase each other around. Minimal hissing.
t rexxxxx. Ps show on Sunday is now free so I better see you! Pbc plays at 9:30
happy weekend to you, too! Just now figuring out what to do.
I'll be in the mix at the hangar tonight! $3 you call it's & $2.50 Beers all night long!
That's the future
It is wonderful how quickly you get used to things, even the most astonishing
RT #Huguely has pleaded not guilty to all six charges, including first-degree murder, reports
me too please ;)
Yes let's hang please!
Big for tonight. If they lose I think most people are going to be on the "hope they lose for a draft pick" wagon.
Thinking the same damn thing RT : Secret weapon. RT : I'm not sure why Popovich is staying away from Kawhi Leonard.
Me and Mimi love Tacos!
A huge realization for me => Success isn't a zero sum game. There's always room at the top. Somebody doesn't have to lose for you to win.
Recruiting for food allergy study in Chicago!! Check out The Allergist Mom on Facebook for more info. Can't get all info in tweet :)
This is the Make This Your Summer band twitter! Keep in touch!
because ur a liar who wont ever stop ur shit
Good stuff!
alrighty, i'll see! thank you for your suggestion love :) !
To my supervisor, it's been 2 times I've forgotten to count MLK day as a LH- Fri before & time sheet. Wonder if I come across as racist?
Emerged from Bubble.Thrilled to find you here!
We have street meat shacks in the middle of Times Square now. Troof.
is strongly vexed with our postal person, who continues to refuse to bring packages to the house I paid to have sent here. And now...
working on the whole set, specifically new songs "Get Dangerous" and "Wonderful World" anyone ever seen a real red swingline? we want one.
Those chants sound so haunting!!!
Girl at mcdonalds was so happy we gave her a dollar
": Nice win for us in a tough environment last night."You was clutch at the end! Glad your last game there was victorious!
uncharacteristically excited about saturday's 10K with something empowering about knowing i'm gonna nail it.
She gets mad when I bring other girls names up.
You leave me no options.
is that what we look like? (the fans? ;-)
lol I bought it like the day it came out when it was on the new and noteworthy list :p
me too man, allergies are killin me
We're glad you're enjoying it! We like it too!
song #TurnToYou are perfect.
I think libraries just need to come to terms and understand this: We don't run these places. The people do.
Can't wait!! I'll be there!!
well his is the only one you need to remember
Haha I've yet to experience that.
And with tissues, a trash can, & a mop- He will help you clean up ... Continued next tweet
Now testifying: Acting Dir of Ofc of Safe and Healthy Students Dave Esquith.
Happy mothers day to my twitterless momma <3
Helping to heal.
Enjoyed the tour of H-D's facilities today with and
Sounds like me
I wanna ride my bike! :(
Mr. Moore, no need to double down on the misogyny to call Rush out. Progressives are fauxgressive unless they are feminists too.
ive had my twitter for 3 years
We made it to York's !
Number 1 song in the Burgh Wiz and Snoop-Young, Wild n Free
Are not worried about shit bc they know the govt will take care of them
Off to the new house to paint and all of the other stuff.
Growing up around an abundance of tough men has let me see that many of the strongest men I know have also been very sensitive.
my intention was to taunt you. you always see right through me.
I think you forgot cracker barrel and golden corral!
Are you in NYC?
Thank you for the announcement! I am honored to be a part of this great organization!
Love it! RT Want a free ? The first 50 ppl that use the code socialmediadel on their app get one! You're welcome
I appreciate it when my friends ignore me when I'm right there.
I don't care if Congress owns stock. I just want them to do their freaking jobs.
The pass is good for 4 right? My folks are coming now. :)
I wanna go because I never do shit and I miss dylan but I'm sure everyone who's going I hate/hates me so that would be gay
Love is merely a madness.
I'm excited! I've heard the security is insane there. I needed a drink before secondary screening in Philly
I'm making exercise non-optional just like brushing my teeth or eating meals. It's getting a place in my routine!
They made the Devils/Panthers game at 8:30 so they can air the Sens/Rangers game at 7? Such BS! I have to get up before 6am for work on Fri!
RT Your destiny is too great to let anyone keep you from moving forward. Choose to forgive and live free.
It's amazing how one song can bring back so many memories </3
Question in paper today: 'What books would you recommend for a men's book club?' Do men & women really enjoy drastically different books?
Have a great time playing with Gray tonight. He may be the coolest thing ever. These kids learn SO fast!
How did they even know the number?
Thanks so much for the follow ! Can't wait to try one of your drinks!
Show me a person who succeeded in a vacuum and I will show you hubris at it's best.
thanks a lot man! i really appreciate it.
Disney Princesses - Any interest on Disney Princess figs?
really, should have tried the website and better fix your LinkedIn profile
Gordon turns the corner and bursts for about 30 yards, down to the 20
"He who laughs last didn't get it"
It downtown Tosa this morning? Stop by and see ! We sure appreciate his AM live shots today.
that nigga sleep
Taking the weekend off - catch our next show at COPPERFIELDS @ fenway on Nov 4th - put on by - thanks guys!
RT : .: Physical book provides legibility, preservation, momentum, transformation.
Kelly Clarkson looks fabulous!
I Know right! I want Either 8 Flavahz or Mos Wanted to win... but, as you said, no clear winner yet @
"So are you in junior high or high school?" <--- a serious question that I was just asked
You can die at any moment. keep your heart sharp.
This medicine is making me hungry as fuck..
Quick! While the Royals are gone, someone sage the shit out of The K.
Happy Birthday!!!
Glorious spring day in the English Midlands, trees bursting into bud in the warm sun, the cycle of life rolls on :)
Nf .. Follow back .
Your Anthrax playlist in your book only has 1 song from PoT. Do u not like that album?
Save yourself!
Don't over think. You'll start to worry about stupid shit.
I would honestly go to #UMF just to be at #ASOT tent all day
Our Android app is coming soon! Please email me to get on our list to be notified:
": Tanning todaayy" me too!
i'm a #GMIC newbie. looking forward to meeting everyone & being a good member. good to see so many friendly names on twitter!
too bad he closed it. Maybe he will get it started verified before or if he starts another one.
all that jazz.
Every time I listen to I see movie scenes in my head! #soundtrack music
section 215 row P
Its time 4 another SUNDAY FUNDAY w/ DISH! Its Drag Brunch w/ Erica Andrews & Jenni P! Come enjoy great food & amazing performances!! RSVP!
music has started
Today was such a creatively and socially satisfying day - thanks to art and other artists that made my day! :)
love your blog and your #SM work. I'd love to connect with you! let's network!
“: Is what you call "caster sugar" what us Yanks would call "granulated?" BTW, loving "F Word" on BBCA.
co-opted by the state.
Watching # Fast5 Vin Diesel & The Rock best fight scene of last year. Period
England's motorways not safe for 80mph speed limit The motorway network in England has been classed as unsuitable for the proposed 80mph
I know haha
I wish new shoes felt old but looked new.
: wow, you should've said, "no...its #2076"
#SeniorYearMemories ... We almost killed someone and got hit at the same time in Oakland w/ &
OFF TO PARTAY AT THE PALLADIUM!!! SHIT GETS CRAZY OVER THERE
when's next Austream ?:(
Earth Day! The Gentleman Dancing Master continues at IUP (2PM Waller Mainstage); Winter Storm Watch tonight thru Tuesday. Up to 6" snow.
Patch Adams and Jeff Van Gundy are both trending...what's going on here, what year is this?
I want my girlfriend to be out of dance. I wanna talk to her already!
"Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations."
follow back Daj
Where's the good looking guys at? Eyyy
It was the bomb-diggity, yo. ;)
Who needs the news when you have twitter...Bye bye Anderson Cooper hello man from virginia with countless hours of free time
The Bulls should def go after Steve Nash
Good thing that history outline only took me an hour
Hahaha sluts these days, can't tell their panties from their shorts. SMH.
on my way! See all you lovely ladies & gents soon
share with me anything with movies clips. I'm striving for the Future of Television with Ringz. We love content!
You disappoint me.
RT So full of artless jealousy is guilt
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
Way to go North Carolina! People can try to amend the Constitution, but nothing amends biblical truth. Marriage is between a man & woman.
I just thought of this: "Life is to be used." I wonder if i invented the quote or heard it somewhere
Off to the #ScienceExpeditions! Will YOU be there?
I'm learning to shuffle :D
U not better than me
Parallel parking...this should be interesting.
Have fun manny at the partido
lets go
only if i can tie my boogie board to the back of the raft---! clack-Belay!
love being invisible to people.
Mourn the cubs loss with a bowl of soup and a hot sandwich....? We're here til seven
Celebrate Valentines day tomorrow calling it %50 off everything
Finding a key to paradise
Need Carpet Cleaning? Call Us 1-866-970-CLEAN (2532) We Provide Green Carpet Cleaning Service in Miami www.revolutionarycleaning.com.
Dad: "who got kicked off the voice?" Me: "you did-____-" Dad: "thanks"
. & his charm + competitive fire will lead to a title for the LA Dodgers sooner than later. Guy one of great leaders ever.
“: Great night to be a progressive in Dane County. Incredible results and what looks to be a super majority on the County Board.”
Be consistent.
<U+200E>"Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde (I love stealing quotes :) )
It's been my experience that it's hard to save my ass and my face at the same time.
Lol watching glee:p
Happy Friday! #TGIF and can we make a change pls for a better weekend?!
... I got nothing. Seriously, am speechless that they'd write that.
i need help forming an exploratory committee to run for Prez. also need sixhundredmillion bucks. anyone?
And this is why #TSA needs to pat down grannies & toddlers.
Moneyball is still one of my favorites! Next time, Brad!
thanks for the follow :)
: Your problems can only be solved by JESUS, and the best thing you can do today is to give all your problems to Him.
president Obama you are full of shit there are still no jobs and people are not seeing more money in their pay checks bullshit
: Check out 13 year old cover of Perfect...if you like it then make sure you follow her!!! <Superb yung talent
Ready to end this day. Felt like I was working on three things at once the whole day I was here. On the hunt for some pizza.
Umm yeah it is.
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic recorded at Curb Studios in Nashville, TN! **
At The Emerald Agency, we conduct a thorough and precise interview to assess your goals, experiences, and skills.
look At those sexy sisters!!!! Holla ;))
no problem !!! and happy birth day ... ure lucky to tweet u
no!!!! Hurry and rub some dirt everywhere.
Thanks for the mention! Our towelettes saved us on the slopes this week, that's for sure! See you around and enjoy the show.
Getting ready to eat lunch with my honey! Yes I am sickening!
you guys quit?!
Big Year for you bro! Mad love and respect I'm hoping the beat for you bruh !
yu betta come see me saturday
Another sleepless night. The older I get the less sleep I need. Maybe in a few more years I'll just stop sleeping.
OLD SCHOOL WEDNESDAYS WITH DAS EFX Tonight!
You can find your referral code on your profile page in the menu menu. :) Game on.
I've disagreed with plenty of people who are smarter than me, that's all it is, a disagreement. Not saying my opinion>theirs
T plush is the best, Fxck yeah brewers!!!!!
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
wow really
A guy can wish can't he?
oh yes we do....we went there too ya know. lol
Miley Cyrus Cutting Herself? Startling Photos And Tweets Reveal Trouble
RT : Remember you have till 7PM to make donations online or via telephone. The best number to call is 214.346.5500. Thank you!
Pretty epic XD
; guys i feel lonely.
Shooting the interview with TDK AND THE OMG Girls @ in da mix live
I LOVE VINTAGE LEVI.
If I'm the AD at Nebraska, I'm hiring Joe Paterno as an assistant coach by tomorrow. Wear it Penn State
GMCVB- we work hard every day to promote #Madison and it sure is hungry work
: Bulls game is important because it's the the Heat. If this was against a less hated opponent, not such a big deal.
Welcome to Baltimore!
Gotd My Progress Report Today I Gotd 2 A's Nd 2 B's I Mite Be Badd Butd Im Smart Though
Y krispy kreme got a red velvet cake donut with sour cream crubs on it? Shiiit good diet gone bad
We're nearly at
Ugh dad wont take me again to playlist live fml.!
Facebook, Other Social Media May Help Prevent Suicide - Medscape
Bye Fries! Hope we get to see you over the holidays.
Someone said that and I just agreed
my pleasure, thanks for inspiring so many to get & stay
Thanks for the RT!!
Happy Friday to you too - be sure to follow this weekend for updates on the #NABEFCareerFair #NABShow!!
I dont! It's pretty messed up!
Merry Christmas everyone & sincere thanks for another great year!!!
“: Obama lost a lot of supporters..” List me when he cut off my insurance I was paying for we are now uninsured screw him
Thanks to everyone who got funky with us saturday at the Leaf!Don't miss the AngelsvsDemons Roots of Music Benefit show at Blue Nile on wed
You know you're down, right?? A little status update and uptime ETA would be useful. Miss you.
SO much better (darn right fun!) than I thought it would be! For JB, anything!XO
Congrats to the outstanding women of on all of the Greek Excellence awards! Proud to be an #AXO!
on the day that dawn truly breaks.
Hey bachateros... I'm heading to the Dominican Republic next week. Would love some ideas on where to dance #bachata!
South Carolinians in open marriages went overwhelmingly for Newt.
Chillin with and in La La Land ... where u at ?
Went to see Augusten Burroughs speak at Temple B'rith Kodesh tonight in #Roc. It was... not what I expected. He has a 'self help' book now.
well!! You slept for 3 hours! You deserved it :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Thank you for #FF! Looking forward to AN UNEXPECTED GUEST!
Merry Christmas..Hope you all are having a good one
but i dont wanna
Bro Croatia is amazing, it's now 8 am and i going play badminton.:) I just tart my project. Can you please tweet my video and say
Man who say it cannot be done should not interrupt man doing it.
I'm going to the May 5 show in Nashville too!! #obsessed haha!
last show of the year! Where the hell is the Deca Yeah!? Merry Christmas Rome!
Just saw a fed ex guy in the loop with an armed guard as an escort. Can we say NATO panic mode yet???
X 2 Business Analysts needed –NYC - Immediate start top $ Analyze user requirements, procedures, and problems to improve business process. …
Thanks for the Sweet Tweet!
You missed a terrific event and we missed you!
Right...and I wouldn't sleep on the Lakers just yet either. Not a Kobe fan at all though.
Audioslave kinda mood!
Good Morning! Yay its saturday finally the day I was waiting for!
if it still hurts... you still care :\
He cuts their scholly. They don't make it to senior year.
Happy April 1st Tweeps! I knowI am not following any Fools! Have a wonderful day. Going to get my #church on!
D-Will is unstoppable right now.
Sick day 3. Flu, you're an asshole. :(
I am indeed the same, and you may also know my girlfriend, your fellow studio member, Melissa Kite.
Some bit9 responsible disclosure drama in whitelisting talk. Vendors, don't hijack talks. Take it offline.
I would definitely follow you if you made a JB fan twitter. (:
i know amazing catch
my pavlovian response to hearing any part of "my heart will go on" is to sob uncontrollably
yeah, not sure if that was just adernalin. And when that wore off if he couldn't move
I think is pretty!
I second that!!!
judging bar competition at Tobacco Road tomorrow, I better get some rest.
I be slackin.... I apologize :/
They go to that place where they find guys to admit they take Viagra.
One the worst days of my life.. Get in from 12 hrs of hard labor and read on the bottom of the tv that DRose tore his ACL
hey cool thanks
COD in 3 hours....be there
Money is not required to buy one necessary of the soul.
Words cant even describe how badass The Avengers was. Cant wait for the sequel
the hologram is more on point.
people are Fucking idiots.
If robots celebrated Labor Day....
please follow me? :)
Retweet any of my posts with the hashtag #iwantmyipad2 and you are participating in the iPad2 Givewaway of 888 The Check
At #sdsummit; just getting going; first up mark zuckerman. Wow.
Thank you so much!
a girl that likes sports im in heaven
just five more days until our trip!! I'm so excited !
Yeah, I know I'm ugly, no one has to tell me it twice!
If you are residing--because of illegal crossing or an expired visa--in the US as an illegal immigrant, you must obtain legalization
Wow! tore it up on #DWTS One of the best guest performances to be on #love tht song too!
Yesterday/last night was to much fun!! I have the best of friends <U+263A>
Working over here.
Shutters aren't just for windows anymore! They can be used as the doors of a closet, or even as a room divider.
What are you talking about?
Do you know what Coach Cal's restrictions on transfers were?
By mastering essential audition skills, you'll raise your confidence and free yourself of an attitude that's in the way of your success.
not the full Johnny though. That would require me putting dick holes thru my ears
Super excited about in Chicago next week. I'm signed up for four free sessions! bit.ly/8wDWQ5
Our relationship with the earth must be like our relationship with one another--a ceaseless exercise in respect. ~Aldo Leopold
Hi. I am open most of next week. Let me know what works for U? :)
Our White && Orange game is tomorrow too -_- fuck UHS though ;) but I'm trying.
Thought that popped into my head while thinking about a book: If a African American had wrote this book it wouldn't have been published.
I did , ok ill wait.
Leave the cleaning to us. Are you cleaning right now? Retweet this message if you are!
TEAM DRIVER!!!
I could bring one over, if you still need one!
go all out or go home :) :) lol
Had fun 4 my sister birthday Happy 21st Birthday Girl Love You!!!!
Merry Xmas and happy holidays from us here at Seductive Society....
That one's good! Some people hate the newer one with Keira Knightley, but I actually really love it.
I love how you crave attention. Should have known before I involved myself with you. You passed on a good thing. Someday you'll know.
Amateur Contest tonight! Ladies' Entry just $5! Show; Registration from 10pm-11pm! $500 in CASH PRIZES!
Working our schools carnival..
Women that have kids jus to write off on they taxes to get more money. That shit nasty..
Followed! :D
I dont think he gets nekkid but I think at least shirtless. Its def. worth it lol
#Yankees won last night. Now let's win again today to get a winning streak going
haha been stuck in Charlotte a little too long I think!
always, always
Hi Lisa, back from #140mtl...when can we talk #SeeSaw? Would love to give you a guided tour!
hustlas got no time for a cut im us lettin it grow
I'd probably nab Fleener depending on your roster
I wish I had a girl who looked good I would call her
Custom orders. TEAL.
just tell me if he's asian or not! DM me!!!!!
Thanks for visiting!
hey! this is my other account is on tweet limit
saturday night detention? The torture!
redskins could screw up an erotic dream
Lol! Yeah, seems like u know where to hit me...lol
What are your fav #sandiego restaurants? I LOVE that this city has so many great #locally owned mom & pop joints serving fresh quality food!
Join LIVE CHAT at noon. We'll be talking about Wapo Series "Black Women in America" w/ & professor Dr. Tricia Bent-Goodley
Do you sing in the shower? What are your shower jams?
sometimes i get a little dissapointed at the fact i can't find many people who #DontSMokeWeed and i dont want to start.
Such an amazing day #atx I feel so rejuvenated after a much needed wild nite w my bestie! & I completed all 3 workout sessions early 2day!!!
rounding out the night with #NurseJackie. wow! the first 2 mins are cray cray! now this show i love and look forward to every week
last thought on Raburn. You're going to boo him cause Leyland puts him in the lineup & plays him too much? shouldnt you boo Leyland instead?
I thought ultra low budget meant maybe $2.99 or so. John LaCarna
it's an app called "simi simi" (;
no problem! I've sent them love!
Also a potential timely update to the classic GNR song "Night Train" I'M ON A CAIN TRAIN ! READY TO CRASH AND BURN, I NEVER LEARN
well u see i was suppose 2 see the lorax today bt it started at 1:20 so meanwhile i watched most of mirror mirror & some HG
For this I owe you a dozen donuts
haha I gotta keep my followers sastisfied :P
yeah but I'm convinced you NEVER sleep
When life gives you lemons, go buy an orange. (This is my decided cure... :)
#mobileappsxsw &tmobileapphackathon starting in 45 min room 2 1st floor. First come, first serve ^MB
S/O to Jerome Hicks, Patrick Turner, Chris Brooks for providing fantastic music this weekend!
@ tried to access the leaderboard but no pars set yet (5zciq)
I'm all about the bag
Go pack go!!!
Anyone looking to buy a used car? Selling my 94 HOnda Accord for like $1600. 200K miles, runs well. Message me about it.
I'm freezing. I hate being out and about in this weather! Can't I be under the covers with and a movie?
Sent! Thanks very much! :-)
“: I'm crying happy tears. Makes me feel so good to see you everyone helping me to help Dad. " let's hope the voters listen!
i can but sumtimes i cant
Just took a style cue from u...see my tweet right before this one.
Librarians should make time for vendor calls, even if there's no money to buy the product, because it is their job to know what's available.
i ain't gonna be out my crib yet till the last day of school
Thanks for the SO! Have a great holiday weekend!
This day went by fast! I wish I could skip tomorrow tho! :p
That suspiciously sounds like the plot of Planet Hulk. We know how that ends. Metta World War...
of course smh
Go get'em D!
Distance sucks... my room is so far from the kitchen .
same :P its been a long but good day
Garcia is a truly professional pitcher. He comes in with a plan. He knows what hes doing
New to this twitter thing.
u are such a great singer!! Iv seen your videos on youtube and ur soo cul! :)
Thanks #MarkLogic for a great conference! Learned a lot and met some knowledgeable and nice xml/xquery peeps
Seeing isn't believing, believing is seeing.
Jason, nothing but love and respect for you based on the encounters we've had. You're one of the good guys.
That awkward moment when you throw a pigeon at a pig and yell"ANGRY BIRD"
5 weeks of my life fit into 2 suitcases, a duffle and a backpack. Sorry I am not sorry for checking all of them.
Finally watching The Avengers with !
please tell me your not leaving?
would you smash?
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 5.) When poeple fight over the internet on facbook/twitter! calm down & stop having a temper tantum with ur key board!
are you @ #momsterpalooza next month?
R.I.P to everyone who passed away in 9/11. <3
did you fail math?
My boy should be a true nigga and hook a brother up with some food
outrageous, right?!
If Rihanna wasn't alive 93% of the songs on the radio would be different.
ok, you've just made #winestorming our new favorite word! Good luck - can't wait to see the results!
Just discovered an Outlook rule that's been moving important messages to the wrong place for months. Wonderful.
I give up on this whole wedding thing...
We finally got Kizzle and Jaw Breaker strains back...come on in
RT : Q2) Most learning happens in the org without the intervention of L&D, wouldn't you like to be part of helping it happen?
Happy Thursday! :)
trying to get a few records for project can u dm ur contact? thx
hey baby how r u sexy
The RBB will be screening the movie at 5th and Brazos all week during SXSW Take a picture w the poster, Tweet it and receive a RBB sticker
I'm so excited to go back to work tomorrow. Adios sickness! :)
please follow me i follow back
It's fantastico! (is that a word?)
Come out to Scottsdale and get hooked up with some free DJ DBX stickers 2-6pm
Agrred, but little person is the preferred vernacular.
Rain ultra lounge tonight! Your new Thursday night hot spot NO COVER 21+ guys 18+ ladies amazing drink specials! RT for me!
"who sat around and thought about killing a pig with a bird? I just don't get it!" -mommy haha love that lady.
you tryna kick it?
serves them right. (glares at )
I think all of the LockerSmash community just fell in love at the same time
how or where can I get a #NoPressureNoDiamonds shirt?
I want to be in your wine club.
Mayor Rahm, Make Chicago The Greenest City In The Country. That Will Bring the City Jobs!!!
:)) I just push the "><" button. Hopefully the doors close fast enough.lol
get better! flu & nice weather are the worst!
Almost to launch day...get ready for a free project assessment where you learn how you can improve your business.
Start your internet presence today! with our $75 per page website design services
lol. My bad
I really can honestly say I HATE my brother.
Everybody go to wsm.com real fast and listen to the opry. My honey will be on in a little bit. Anything else exciting? not for me.
love you too mama <3
no problem
We're looking for a dermatologist for the 6:30 news. Do you know anyone? Send me an email
#futureready is our North Star---we may never reach it but its worth aiming for
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME!! MISS YOU COURTNEY.. COME HANG OUT SOMETIME..
Happy Bday to Frank the Tank #boom!
a lot of it related with having to deal with closed content. Makes things just a tad harder.
Any New Grub In San Diego To Talk About?
Did Twitter and Facebook turn people into nosey muthafukkas??
30 minutes of break goes by so quick. 30 minutes of work does not. -.-
Omg these walls are thin!
Today I bought a six-foot-tall giraffe. Life is good.
I am going to get one of the loli pop
who was it? A fellow #kw peep?
i dont want to get out of bed but i do want to record...
last week's #thewalkingdead episode was amazing. But this past week's episode? #phenomenal great writing/drama/emotion
Spring, you have let me down. I stood up for you! I thought you were Summer's buddy, but instead you cuddle up with Winter like this?
good seeing and at #UberIcon tonight
I'm not sure and no not yet, I'll tell you once it's confirmed! :)
It's time to end the TSA and get the governments hands back to only stealing our wallets - Rand Paul
i got food poisoning today. i don't know when I'll use it though.
it's LAKERS time
haha love it
YAAYYYY YOU FOLLOWED ME!!!:D Thank you!<3
Sipping that drink of diddy's. And chillin 2 some maxwell, can't wait until he comes to dc
:- This is polluted society buddy. who caught on camera while steeling the store. he got felicitated.. wow.
get off dat mane page
so dope!
#idRatherHave The And1 Shorts Than The Nike Shorts
Sometimes it makes complete sense to sit in the rain without an umbrella. Chin up, arms out.
Show tonight! #Barrington, IL. 7-10 pm Acoustic music!!! Covers and originals. Hope to see you!
chet baker sings. to me. all nasally and deliberately. and i tell twitter al about it.
oh that sucks
FYI Amanda Knox was an exchange student from the US in a foreign counrty were something tragic went wrong. bit.ly/mHAGof
wishing everyone a productive Tuesday!
you can get me at jtaormino (at) berklee (dot) edu
You should fix that.
RT : Who's ready for the next music film after #crashcourse!? Directed by , Starring again!? http:// ...
Found you! Such a pleasure meeting you. Have a great Thursday.
lol yea yea
gotta see this
We're on board with local #wine! RT Ok, who wants to make a resolution to support local food this year!?
The crowd at #ladygaga is doing the wave!
I think you're idea of an automated semicolon debate is a good one. Then maybe people will stop wasting their time on this topic
Doesn't your relationship deserve some attention? Everything you need from exotic vacation getaways to flowers & gifts. www.FreeXpedia.com
I feel ya, my man. Short term memories, ftw!
I am thankful that I have such incredible parents.
In the subway station, eg, people wait holding doors for complete strangers. I like that! Doesn't happen in Manhattan!
me to!!! Im tryna shmurn (; you feel me
can i have a shoutout too? I need to get to 500 followers.
tell a story! - Top blogging tips
Can't get enough of that 40's sound? Well, Sunday night's Halloween party will feature sultry live music from the World War II era.
Purpose of marketing is to meet human needs profitably.
Please join me in praying for my friend Susie this morning. In surgery today to remove a brain tumor and is also 15 weeks pregnant.
Who else wants a free autographed CD? RT Signed !!! #thatswhatsup yfrog.com/nykmrcj
Baseball has so many jinxes curses! There are definitely baseball gods !!
Last night's "Daughters of Hip Hop" showcase was CRAZY! Congrats to: $1,000 winner "Lady Karma", $500 2nd "She Real", $250 3rd "Boss China".
Is this true?? I don't care, spread the word ": Liam Payne (From One Direction) has a morbid fear of spoons - koutaliaphobia.”
Quesadillas for the fiesta tomorrow: complete.
That was me on a subway platform earlier today. Happens.
i know:)
I was a bit stoned, and the moving buttons made me really happy for some reason. :)
Still dying to see , and
Last week it was Doodles. This week Josie's. Vying for best breakfast spots in Lex!
Haha :) same here though! And its only the beginning
We would like to show you all what we can offer... DM or call 0844 880 2010 so we can arrange a convenient time to call in to see you.
projectx premier is on march 2nd, right on my birthday! Are there any tickets for me, I would like to watch a movie!))
Drunk girls should not be allowed to have phones
Phasers set on kill.
Have a Terrific Tuesday! SPREAD LOVE
its not much better as a freshman
The O's started the nite w/ the best record in MLB. So why did only 11,938 show up at Camden Yards?
50 jus to change the oil in my car?!?!
ya. but i mean sometimes i get it in my head that im way better than them. they'll never learn a lesson.. :l i just hate it
Any chance there will be a sacred craft Santa Cruz 2012?
Ok this #DONNASUMMER tribute got me wanting to pull out a white Ferrari on Collins in #Miami on some Vice shittt.
"They were trying to intimidate us," Joe Rank, KMEX, said, adding, Salazar stood his ground as the meeting ended. "Ruben was a tough guy."
stop on in and check them out! Let us know with any questions
You tweet random az sheet !
Tara's toes and nails >>
Opening a new escrow today! Its still a great time to buy real estate, give me a call today!
RT Want to learn about when to have the same design on different screens? Be here in half an hour.
Have to consider effect of expanding compulsory schooling on students who actually want to be there.
Yes Suns as well.
Beauty Contests In India: What Is Special About Them? Let the pictures speak for themselves!
RT : Ironically said last nite that it was OVERused RT : Most used word so far at #lmds2012: authenticity
talk about what, dude?
Guys! There's only 4 hours left to donate!!! WE NEED YOUR HELP!! We can do it!!!!
On to the Movie. Fridays are off day now. Surround Sound..Check! Peace Y'all. #WarmWishes. Mavs win in 6 ;-)
you looked at the roster? Maj dc galleries. I used to work in the dc "art world" - recycles artists, no new blood
but im still
Whens the BAO-mobile stopping by your messenger service?
Please follow me I will do anything!
true. GET AIR CLEANERS AND IONIZERS ASAP FOR EVERYROOM
On way to boston for show ROYALE! Gonna b an awesome set tonight!
running karaoke at the Euclid Tavern in Cleveland representing the show. Come on down!
THANK YOU. SOMEONE UNDERSTANDS.
RT : In my day we had to use plastic hippos for our "Hunger Games".
Ugh! So, so annoying!
Is anyone on my TL a home designer, or even a budding interior designer? I need ideas for my bedroom, stat.
Bizarre, Everytime I see the movie THE CHANGE UP come on, I find myself watching again. Lots of great one liners in this one
Grape Fanta real nigga soda.
“: ack. Let us both find safe passage to green trees and good tasting beer. #Vegas #PDX” ---- FYP :-)
I know you do....Ikr its not that serious...
We're here at Covenant House for our Mayoral Candidate Community Conversation on #LGBT issues
The 30th Annual Adams Avenue Street Fair will begin a two day run. More than 60 musical acts across six stages. PRWB open 11am-12midnight
when you want to talk to someone but want them to text you first <<<<
did someone @ MATC try out your new iPad before sending on to you?
Oh my God. What happened in your life that made you so needy that you’ve got to fill every waking second by babbling on?
Can't wait for Des Moines. Had tix in Den AND Omaha got sick & missed both shows! See you front row center in Des Moines!!
Yup. Mainly because you haven't realized yet then when you pose for a picture, you have to be still.
. I don't have a problem with him speaking at Emory. Not everyone has to conform to my worldview, but he is ignorant on evolution.
"No officer, I'm not intoxicated".
RT : Damn. Rest In Peace MCA.
Conversations with grandma can be intresting. She said that "operations cut a nigga, needs to come back into effect". Ok grandma. Lawd help!
Man, the 30 is a monster!
and found innocent by a jury of his peers.
We need to point our kids to Jesus Christ, their Savior, by modeling for them every day what we know to be true about God and his Son.
A BIG shout out to Chicago's own Maurice Brown on the Grammy nod! Congratulations!
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Austin! When they come through drop in say WASSSUUPP!
That's crazy talk. Who would bet on a hat?
Tyler Posey I love you with all my heart,can you answer at least once,or follow Please!!!;)
Survey time - What do you hope to learn when you visit CANDLES? What would you like to see here?
Takin on the big apple this week!
RU!! when u comin to the A
I think it has something to do with their stance on evolution
ONE WEEK TIL BASEBALL!!! The world is looking a lot brighter, kids.
hey i got a new number. imma send it to you
I find it useful for professional things - getting headlines w. links around topics I follow - Fcbook not so much.
BOO HOO HOO! I should be like a legend in there. Ha!
tonight we dance... lookin forward to that
We are looking to work with some Smart Guys on Long Island with www.longislandnybusiness.com
I will learn this eventually
PICK UP THE LID YOU KNOW I'M SHITTING
I have a toddler with a very high crankiness quotient this morning. :/
no we at the casa
That must have been amazing. I have no doubt.
when you see my face hope it gives you hell,hope it gives you hell.<3
You right, you right. I shooooooo can't.
so sleepy grrr i need my pillow pet xDD
:) Thanks so much, Ron!
I dunno who to talk to
If you could have 1 NFL player to build your franchise around, who would it be?
There are so many ways to use what you learned in Library school & so many things you can do with an MLS. One day, I'll make a list
Q4 RedCross blood drive registration work and AIDS Walk (ATL) fundraising helped me perfect "elevator pitch."
Singing is so much harder on a Sunday morning when one loses that extra hour! Happy the evenings will be lighter now though :)
how'd that season ticket thing work out, anyway?
The basis for longevity is optimal health achieved by proper diet exercise supplementation stress management BHRT and alkaline water intake
which one/model? i've been debating on getting one myself.
Wishing everyone in the PCOM family and their friends a happy and healthy Thanksgiving!
If You're Gonna Talk Shit Behind My Back Then Don't Smile In My Face, It Saves You From Being Fake.
1 1/2 work days left for the rest of the year, but still a busy day ahead
I wish I could have a shirt that says that!!!
God is great, beer is good & cats are crazy
Finale already :(
Right, so thank you so very much for proving that I'm clearly the bigger person here :)
I am. Just a stuffy nose. :)
Im super excited about that. they planned it perfectly. dropped it on 4/20 lol..
that your blonde and not red
Who is motivated to use ORCID IDs? Universities, funders, publishers. Researchers themselves -- maybe not so much.
Wayne is
Can we just sell Texas to the Chinese to pay off some of our debt?
Looking forward to extending my NCAA pickem lead over and I have some good upset picks for today's games #paint?
that makes 1 of us! Lol
You're breaking my heart boys.
amen Xochitl, amen
Listening to my newest track... L.O.V.E... it is da shyt
San Carlos Area Council News
The recruitment fair will be great, glad you are excited.RT : MED School Conference at EVMS on Saturday!! Whoop!! whoop!!
YES! I also can't keep from watching movie trailers and noting how incredibly self-aware many of them are.
Finally benching Albert huh.
Haha, I'm glad you like!
Baby, you light up my world like nobody else.
I meant marketing for Also, considering the price of S3, I figured you were in jest.
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 1
Just watched a fantastic cut of our film Junction. It rocks
sorry was commenting on the escaping early for the weekend. lol. I can sorta take no.
Happy International Women's Day!
Serious question - is the audio tuned just for the audience? On TV, most all performances sound really off & boring
I don't trust anyone. Even the devil was once an angel.
Tweetville not letting me post images....
Rubbing your eyes can lead to scratches and other damage. If you have something in your eye, rinse it with clean, pure water or eyewash.
Bounty hunter. Classic movie!
Every WEDNESDAY at 8PM #FUCKYOURFEELINGS on w/ and Big Zu!!
Ineligable for track until April 18th all because of my chorus grade. FRICKING CHORUS!!!!! So much for lettering my freshman year.
thank u for ur opinion.. Other mahomies.. Are just... Well... I keep that to myself but yeah.
no, more like a whole body explosion! It's THAT exciting!
and it was wonderful!
Now it's on to 's latest.
Just realized that the Denver Broncos Cheerleaders are similar as me on twitter! Awesome I dream of becoming one in 5 years!
we're two lame fuckers.
I voted for Austin to go to London! You deserve to see him!<3
Hello to our lovely promotions team leader! Wishing you a good day!
KEL Audio is here all day long!! Check out their huge line of microphones and enter to win an HM-7U vocal mic!!
Thanks for the birthday wishes, all who have cared to post such. :)
Again, can't stand the Cardinals, but that arch they mow into the outfield grass looks cool.
it was delicious! i didn't have heavy cream, so i missed that little piece of wonderful, but otherwise it was perfect.
Me too
lol bruh we had this convo plenty times give Jason back his pom poms and sit down you aint about that life
I mistaked sugar hill for new jack city.... SMH
RT - MIAMI IN DECEMBER FOR THE EAGLES VS DOLPHINS GAME THEM IAM RIGHT BACK DOWN THEIR FOR NEW YEARS EVE
Fantastic workshop by Ginny Redish on writing for the web. Bummed they don't have her books for sale here though!
Who is up for some Q&A? Bored at work and it's late. Ask me anything.
perfect timing since we're launching a carousel in the next day or so. Thanks!
Mapping the human genome, are we?
Thanks so much for sharing the imagination post, Phil! And for re-sharing it, & Have a great night. : )
psychoanalytic psychology meets mantis mating: eating mates' head a castration analogue?
Working on becoming more effective versus more efficient.
thank you mama(:
Me Two and I have to leave in 10 min
I hope you had a chance to see and join Oprah's life class. If not catch reruns good info and excellent teachers.
They need to get there shit together... ": Choosing a new pair of shoes over paying a bill #Basic"
Decadent hot chocolate This looks delicious!
I can't wait to get some left over turkey and take a huge thanksgiving shit.
i was extra faded i fell asleep on 's text in like all of two minutes lol
It would be super awesome if you guys could like our Facebook page :) facebook.com/superradshows
#ItGetsMeMadWhen there's like 5 people talking to me at once.
Starting the short week off right with the new album...then its off to #Rockies spring training in AZ Thurs a.m.!
lmfao, I know! I actually would.
I just entered win to a XPS 13 #Ultrabook from
You guys tweet back and forth a lot.
I'm thinking of leaving work, growing a beard and joining a circus
Great job showing up today #packers. Remember how bad this feels, and come back stronger
DEAR PRUDENCE ON VACATION?! How will I get through the waning hours of this Monday without my favorite advice column??
Seems like everyone likes Animal Collective now, I love mango and watermelon
Prince Royce looks so hot tonight.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Hey guys voting starts may 29th for your favorite ptw artist. If we win we get to record a track with Carlos Santanna!!
Time to get rid of this old jacket. Got more holes in it than a getaway car.
Parade is Tonight on Tejon! Bring the whole family. Starts at 6:30pm, St. Vrain South to Vermijo. After-party is at Cowboys Downtown!
everytime u think about making money think about how that dollar can be spent to better society.
beyond formal plans, do you guys have single user add-on prices? example: if we go above 35 users or our needs are between plans
Thanks for the retweet! See you on State Street in Madison today!
oh yea that was me...getting refocused
": wheres my jollof rice?"/cook me dinner
We're really looking forward to the Seattle 2.0 awards tonight! Hope to see you there!
#WhatIMissMost when you texted me w/o a problem every day... now I'm lucky if I get a text at all.....
#MantaSMB What steps is Manta using to promote their site, so listed businesses get maximum exposure from being on the site?
i dont even care ... i really don't ... go blow yourself up
Thanks Leila, we are excited about the story tonight.
I would help if i was there...good luck!
Nice work on mentioning bowling game, and how he hates to lose at anything
Listening to Tom Waits sing Tom Traubert's Blues. My God, I'm so moved. What a gorgeous song.
Idiot move of the morning: Suffered 3 Pop Tart-related burns. Damn frosting literally fused to my skin.
My head hurts, i need pills.
With the new and improved hashtag #tweetmeyoursocialsecuritynumber maybe you should add #lifelock as one of your sponsors? Y/N?
Thank you, sweetheart. Looks like you're busy in NYC. Hope you're managing to have fun, too. See you soon.
oh ok. Thanks Eugene!
S/o too muahz*xO
Service Recommendations for an 11yo with #aspergers in #WashingtonDC? #autism please advise
or bleach blond, blue eyeshadow and a cig in each hand
All my friends in LA & NYC be looking out for me. I will be posting dates of my travels next week!
You surely can't believe this is an accident.
Kidney stones on Deadwood may be the most uncomfortable thing I have ever seen on television.
Headed to Brandon, FL tomorrow for work for my first #RoadShow bit. Something tells me I'll be out of place. LOL
To win a postseason game and only CUSA team to still be playing. Let's keep at going today at 7 PM @ Tudor vs Drake. Come out and support!
don't come to me asking for something in a rude ass way & expect me to be all nice about it
yea so now the alphabet ends with y
How well do you think the Rangers would match up with the Kings? I HATE the Kings!
Congrats KB! Go make the most of it. You're going to do a great job.
Perrys strong and devisive style are strong leadership traits but does he set a good example for others to follow???
I'm so hungry I just might
This is the hardest thing ive ever had to do :(
No! Dont come here
he squeezed lewis earlier. You just can't change midgame and call pitches balls that you had been calling strikes.
dancing like a complete freak
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment-Jim Rohn. Keep smiling.
Goodnight for real! :) God Bless everyone! Love you all!(:
glad you like the integration! Thanks for sharing w/ your followers.
same to you!
When Ovechkin is with a woman, does he protect himself with a condom or a headbutt?
It was good running into a fellow Bentley alumni
It's getting dark! The show should start soon.
For those keeping track of my shoe status: today is a dirty Chucks day.
I hate my friends
also thank you for the link last night. It helped!
Oh, and I'll definitely be at Long Beach Comic Expo if you're going!
thanks so much, but i don't have any kids.... know a lot of great moms, though...lol
Officially obsessed with the new record "Noctourniquet." Can't. Stop. Playing.
STOP REWARDING YOURSELF WITH FOOD.. YOU ARE NOT A DOG
Record late snow to spring fever! RT : How's everyone diggin' the 60s today? My car showed 69 on 217 near Tigard.
ll that love I gave didn't mean nothing when it came to fear
Omg I want Starbucks
It's so strange being followed by myself. Well...you know what I mean.
aw it was funny (:
Trying out longwear lip color. Here we go...
Sports: The Bears Sign Julius Peppers and Chester Taylor!!! Holy Crap!!! Am I Awake This Morning Or Am I Still Dreaming??? Unbelievable!!!
Fuckkkkkk Parent Connection!
That'll do it. And..."loving room" = living room?
awesome i want to date u ?
yea she told me you and jojo
Bus was 900 degrees this morning. I love being crammed into a box with 100 people and cooked to start my day.
Mobbin to Cheney with the brother:)
miss u too. Come visit! Love to catch up.
oh thanks! Going to a canyon today! :)
turn me on by nicki and David. Loving driving to that song with the windows rolled down
Should I buy a book about the Venezuelan beer industry and its memorablia?
cards are here - QR code works perfectly
well keep laughing n smiling!!:)
I hear you on the allergies. This wind and dust don't help matters either.
Night time is the worst, because all I can do is sit here and think that when I wake up in the morning this isn't going away. ):
oh no!! (that must've been hilarious though)
Tampa. Maybe NYJ. PHI has some crazy weaknesses no one talks about plus some new parts.
thank much for retweeting.
thank you so much! You're so sweet!! :) xx
Good morning people South Bronx's today sucks getting up early.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Us Capricorns are usually attracted to those who can loosen us up a little bit. I wonder who I hang with who fits this description?? lol
The Roots - Undun album is my shit.
I'm gonna try this long distance friendship and see how it works for me lol cause the local friendships don't ever seem to work
Spacious open interiors featur air conditiong, vertical blinds, dishwashers & large kitchens. .
Happy New Year to all! Catching up after a bit of a hiatus.... x
LOL, Night Night
can't miss with a name like that!
Jane, don't you know that dr. Murray will NOT be convicted?
ur welcome! Hey, we're practically neighbors! Lol
Hibbert at G-Town could barely run up the court.
NW - Stomp the Yard
You are so cute together!!!!!
My house is dark af.. I'm up just tweeting like a G.
I'm so excited to hear you all are back up and running. Of course in interested. Send me the detailsand let's roll!
thanks for following us. We would love to see you at one of our upcoming music supervisor sessions!
While phones are getting thinner and smarter, People are getting dumber and fatter.
Just looked back at their game logs this season...
you guys get to see me to :))) wow lets party :)
SHOCKER - Torts is bitching to the referee.
Haters <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> Did You Get an iPhone
At Viewpoint lunch. Pre Jim Barry-we need to rebrand the Park East.
Happy mothers day mommy(:
Excited for the New Year!
when a man sags his pants.
You will know your vocation by the joy that it brings you.You will know.You will know when it's right.-Dorothy Day
I'll come back when you guys do
Blueberry-Pomegranate tea sounds good right now.
TY for the RT! Lets spread good food news!
Match.com again. This should be interesting!
Parents to participation includes first teaching them how to play rather than to just spectate
from one coloradian to an other I think you are the best looking woman in the wwe
#BaylorBear Wow. Impressive.
I know that when you make a bunch of money illegally you should keep a low profile
This DataFrolic looks like some great stuff and I hadn't noticed it before. Thanks for the share!
biden has that nod down...looks like a bobble head. get that man a chiropractor, he's going to need it tomorrow
Have some great dining gaget ideas for babies the elderly & handicapped.
Lol , it was random ! They asked me if I wanted to kick it & shit O.o
Wall to wall today in pushing through post and reaching out to distributors. Feel like we're back in full production mode again!
You said I was mean. x)
The pictures are beautiful
whoa! Jess the city is beautiful!
yeah, if that's what's easiest for y'all(:
If you're building your hot air balloon, probably best to stop dating people with muskets.
Random: Who wants to be part of a flash mob today? Contact me for more info!
I'm still here haha is my mom almost done
Teacher:Dickenzy me:ayy that's my slave name
Looking to implement Mike Dunlap's system. Do you have this system information for full implementation?
pandora always knows what you want to listen to.
Oh kick some ass also.
Merry Christmas
Update:Vehicle Fire: WB On I-64W at MM 277 in Norfolk. 2 lanes closed. Delay 1 mile.7:05PM.
OMFG. CRAMPS, I HATE YOU!
Good morning. Thanks for all of the new follows. SPOILER ALERT: S/O & Congrats to #AmazingRace winners, Dave & Rachel, from Madison, WI.
I grew up in #Reno so I basically saw the layer of ugly reality without the Disneyland side. I just SMH at this place
GAB and Milwaukee Cty DA holding news conference Monday on "results of a significant investigation" at 2 pm at GAB's Madison office.
TEAM BIEBER IS BEAST!!!!! :D
I do. I haven't had a chance to dig deep. It looks very promising.
Made and ate stuffed peppers for the 1st time and it was so good!
Did anyone make it out to see our 2012 Student Advisory Committee's Presentation yesterday? They inspired the whole room! Great job you all!
where were you tonight? had all the freshest ingredients to make you the perfect #cocktail! Let me know next time!
You need to come to Minnesota then.
Total joke
Love Greg Stevens! Went to several of his workshops last year.
Sheila Mikhail uses technology to make her legal services more efficient, vs. the usual ticking cab meter approach. Kudos! #ACRP2012 (S056)
RT : Men who are in earnest are not afraid of consequences. -- Marcus
Congrats man! I will make sure to check it out.
Thanks! HAHAHA! :P :P :P
no worries, it was great to meet you too! Let us know if your band is playing any shows soon.
Speaking of engagement sessions, psyched to have one in WashingtonDC this fall. LUV that town.
Hi! We are doing our first IVF cycle in January. Any advice or things you wish you knew before you IVF?
If you aren't already .. #Follow .. shes superr nice. and really sweet. soo go follow her. trust me.. you won't regret it. (:
Writing is not our strength, strategic initiatives is. Your help would be appreciated. Thank you.
That would be great. I would go if I could.
Don't worry sash you'll be in a real sports town this fall : natitude doesn't exist
Yesterday was rough!! RT Hangover: day 2. This is why I don't go out any more... I can't hang.
first of all that is NOT me hahaha
How to square the circle?
Happy Independence Day!!! :D
Well for one, I'm fucking awesome, so I'll make it work.
there are some key points in the branding article. I definitely like that.
It feels so good to give back to those in need. I just wanna make it so i can share the wealth with many in need of a lil help.
Results are declining in importance at a time when resources are more scarce. There is another path: scaling what works-
what's good Shane? I know you're ballin hard in MIA!
Jason swears our dog winks at him all the time, and the wink is very similar to my mom's.
Am I going to end up in tears if I watch this?! Haha
After physical injuries & heartaches this year, today we are at DISNEYLAND! Happiest place on earth--pour it on me! Temps today: 73 hi
sometimes a cigar is just a cigar, but a tweet about is cigar may be a cry for help.
now try telling web students to use it!
Man, every single comic I've read out of last months releases is top fruggin' notch-tacular.
why arent you sleep tho...girl you now you got school lol
Wow this man want to take his wife on a 90 day retirement cruise 4 60k!
Done! RT Better to get twitter feed...RT Was mostly watching #ESPN #Yankees-#RedSox & [disliking] Hershiser
Put your head down and push through the wind! Great drinks and hot food await you at The Eatery!
Big L fan?!
nope cause i don't have to be seen in public with you. bahahaha
haha pissed cuz i couldnt get a book i wanted cuz everything is closed. :( and looking at good books to sometime get
silly bands are made a used condoms! im tired now so goodnight! havent been on twitter is ages.
has the best followers and fans they always show so much love
Worlds of fun...
Same to you! Have a Great blessed weekend!
This better be a good day...starting w/ my Motown/Golden Oldies playlist. Happy hump day y'all
tell her I said "hey"
Hell yeah! I get to be the operator for the rest of my shift!
Holly did the best out of all three
tallest person alive
Wow, Denzel Washington isn't lacking in pompous snobbery is he?
#goblue u better fucking win this... I gt money on this game big money
What do you tell your #library patrons who want an ILL for a Kindle book that came out 6 mos. ago, but the paperback came out today?
well ill talk to uvtommorow :)
we will miss you too!
I'm already knowing cuzzo, you stopping thru on the 27th? I'ma need hella footage I'ma be on 106 in August! Tryna really put on
jailed by twitter again :(
Happy halloween!! :)
hi wes
Slush fund? Do we as Tax payers get free slushies?
agreed. It's "archival material" but not an archive.
Hahaha My boy came through and killed both and
come to any of the Brake Specialists Plus locations! We'll take care of you.
Hi my lovely!! Now you have to TWEET! xoxox
If you want respect you gotta earn it It's crazy most people they never learned it
#FLAPanthers get two goals in the 2nd and now just trail 3-2 to the #NJDevils. Great period for the Cats. Should be a wild final 20 minutes!
wow, honestly i'm pretty irritated.
you sir are my hero
Teachers w iPads:new iPad arrives Fri. Do you have a case you'd recommend? Do you use a keyboard/stylus? Other accessories?
": not at all bro I been slipping hard"// I just got tatted for the first time in about three months last week
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Montgomery County until 04:15 PM
how is the new gig?
is a G always! Hahaha
Shana Tova for everyone ! Have a wonderful new Year full of blessings.
Create your future from your future not your past. -Werner Erhardt
hmm... how about everyone else shaves their heads? It's more aerodynamic.
Could be fun!
“She isn’t young enough or pretty enough to be the President’s wife.” ~Newt Gingrich, talking about his first wife after divorcing her.
By which I mean the judges seemed to like Michael better personally, not necessarily creatively.
teen hoot? IM GOING
RT : Next week I’ll give a speech: Saving the American Idea: Rejecting Fear, Envy and the Politics of Division:...
#earthquake in #Cleveland! - I'm looking at you.
Starfish might be the next big thing in criminal defense.
Nothing says Holidays like airport bagel sandwiches!
I'm well wzup
Erik Kratz on his way to Atlanta as Phils place Thome on DL - Jim Salisbury ()
In another moment down went Alice...never once considering how in the world she was to get out again...
Nicole in shoes, Austin is *amazing*
I think he'll get call-up today, but I can't confirm. Troy's with team. RT : can they give freidrich a look please?
The grounds have been prepped by #brewersfantasycamp RT : #Brewers #SpringTrainingCountdown #13 days until P and C's report!
Gah my throat is sore :/
Filmstock premiere of Pick Me! tonight. Three auditions this weekend. One student film with stipend, two theatre auditions with stipend.
It's a grassroots campaign!
Great new look, faster, better, stronger, its a bioinic update. well done.
YOGA PANTS!!!!!
::wavesback:: you're welcome!
Hey Blair, yes, I am from New York. I hope Zuckerburg is working on this as we speak from his home in Santa Barbara!
Crazy busy at the circ desk!
Wednesday weather: if you don't like it, just wait five minutes & it'll change. Sun, showers, downpours, small hail.
I just got a for toenail fungus laser treatment. Wtf? Not the loveliest of flash sales.
S/O to all my new followers
thanks for the RTs
*starts crying all over again* Wait, I don't want to mess up this makeup. *chin up*
I hope I fall in love with someone I can grow old with <3
listening to Fake It on Can't beat that catchy and good #Seether song!!!!
Holy badger britches! In the last 24 hrs, Chico and DeValle's tweets are about the #DreamAct and gay rights, #Rahm's are about his birthday!
{Savour the wholhearted smiles/laughter/happiness you share with your spouse/family/friends. They are special.}
#FearTheBeard survives to grow at least one more day!
Yeah Yeah..
Miz may be joining soon if Miz doesnt turn it around with WWE brass
Well I did. But then again, I'm strange. Have you ever played it?
was utterly amazing.
Just left IHOP on Brookpark *rolls kush* gonna get blazed then smash these blueberry pancakes *yum yum yum* in my fat girl voice
Ah, apologies for the mistake :) "Not us. Our handle. Wrong Plough." Re: Love ? We'll be there May 11th...
Lolxz.....and why up so early
God is good God is good!
I never said he was a pimp. I just posted that cause he says pimp a good 1,000 times a day.
Just one of those nights I guess...
Always a treat, my friend. Have a great weekend!
what bro, thats a cool story.
No regrets!!
Thx bra! RT : Guitarist Rez Abassi was totally burning on 's aptly named "Killer".
I was wondering why do you eat all that good food? I need good food like you post pictures of.
Sounds dangerous. Watch your testicles!
attention/has made an escape/for the free
Told ya
its Thursday!! Thank goodness
#waystoimpressme quote the lord of the rings.
My juvie in da yard wit my draws n her hand
you can tho
El Paso Tx July 24th lets do this gonna be an awesome night and a great show I can't wait
Iowa Craft Beer Fans: Don't miss out on the at the , much like the awesome at the
very nice!
no one's gonna tweet me back part of the song? k :C
thanks, Leah!!! Sorry for being late.
Hey T2 ... Bank of America Shamrock Shuffle is having an event tonight for all charity runners at Lizzy McNeil's ... stop over.
RT : Come to "High Speed Networking" Wednesday, April 18 from 6:30 pm to 8:00 pm. Its time to turbo charge your......
LAMBORGHINI MERCY!! YO CHICK SHE SO THIRSTY!!
Sigh: still sad. Love oklahoma football. Sad sad weekend for both teams. Excited for bedlam, but this will be a long week
i be Killing my lil bro Powerpoints... ok to sleep i go now... hope he happy
Follow me on instagram if you havent yet!
watching breast reduction Roseanne show ! Lmao
ICYMI Holding 2 accessibility awareness sessions @ #PurdueCalumet this aft. to mark Global Accessibility Awareness Day
Gonna pull a all nighter going to Tampa tommorrow morning
picture please
I just texted u!(:
Checking into new cell phones. Droid? Not sure I need more reasons to have the phone stick to my hand.
I have really slow internet at The Biggest Week. Trying to do a blog post, but it keeps stalling out.
And I can't wait to see your work in person soon!
wht grade? N I joined the military bout two yrs back.... Bout to get shipped ova seas like n a month r so
Gavin Floyd did everything but set up a tee under that pitch.
RT : 1. Statement of learning goals is first priority 2. Match between learning goals and type of assessment
El placer ha sido mio Francisco
Come on OKC
Not sure. Lot's going on that day. But, I will let you know. I'm sure it will be a great convention!
Sorry you missed it! We would love to have been able to go too.
popsicle in a cup. becomes slushie. and then twitter all day all night. win win situation.
The only depressing thing about this weekend is that I'm not at
Ask for forgiveness not permission. But, this is a meaningless bromide you always forgive or never forgive.
I wasn't ready for that! Lmaooo, woah doc... No touching boobies on the first Date. Smh.
We are talking about something similar, but along gender lines
Let us know and maybe we can meet up!
MAHOMIESSS! Help us trend #AustinYouShouldGoToGermanyAlsoForTheNeighboursLikeHollandAndBelgium tonight 9 O'clock PM benelux time! X
I'm probably not going to talk to anyone that I go to school with during summer... o;
TY for the mention Peter!
we don't have any downloads available at the moment. Maybe in the near future!
feb.22......can't wait to see my old crew!!!! Haha
RT : Every successful person has started in the exact same place... the beginning.
Tips To Understand The Google Penguin Update | What You Need ...
yes ma'am =) so I'll be in orlando a lot more
I need a recommendation for some to fix my refrigerator. It's an emergency. Water everywhere.
BELIEBERS! Follow they follow back & have amazing tweets (: <U+2665> GO.
I'm in love with the Texas Rangers... Every single one
Can you get away?
Some females think they better than they are. I'm the one to put them in they place.
Hey , are you here to see the city?
I'm kind of hoping Natalie Portman bitch slaps Robin Roberts with her big Black Swan wing....
My state Senator likes the internet tax part of the stadium bill.
MASSASHUSETTS hollaaaaa haha i feel like i'm the only one not from california
October the oneth.
Who is your favorite musical artist?
I wish you would just love me.
« Yeah i said it!? Na who gon pop me!?» *Pop* I just did na
nah this aint right, severe back and neck ache at the age of 21, complain complain but
ILL EAT THE LINING OUT IT LOL
Justin Jones a 6'6 SG from Edmond Santa Fe is plan on attending Peru State University in the fall. Congrats to Coach Katen
haha ok Fine!
anything you think I can post on my website!
I'd pay double to untaste that meal. Thanks
Wherever it might be, any chance Jeff Saturday joins Peyton?
I know "What it is and How it is Done"
hahaha you're so right that must be it
hey...HEY! What happened to the basketball championship speculation talk? I really LOVE that shit!!!
good point!:). I appreciate it!
RT : #whyobamaislate Finding a Captain America costume in Obama's size at 11pm on a Sunday night in DC isn't easy, guys.
I'll probably put a trimmed-down free version out at some point after the next release (more features coming eventually).
Why are you just everywhere all of a sudden?
#nyy #yankees Teixeira has more RBIs than Cano and ARod (and Prince Fielder for that matter). Now here comes the BUT.............(continued)
I feel like answering questions... if u have one maybe ill answer it?
S/O to WHADDDDDDDUPPPPPP
can't bring myself to vote for a democrat. There is no viable 3rd choice...
Doctors time (:
hey what up
thanks, we'll look into it.
RIP Patrick Swayze
don't leave!!
Thanks, Lynne....good site
Gathering the troops to storm the state of the art dungeon but no one yet knows that both Taylor and Kimmie are gone!
Just watched the story about the #AngerRoom on #Nightline and LOVED the woman who created it. Too funny and super-clever!
Don't worry about it, Erin! I was never mad at ya about it. What's new with you?!
Yay! Glad you're liking it!
At bagel street, Plainsboro. First time in 15 years in this town I'm in a pubic place and every single person is white! So strange...
follow please
No one should be surprised #Spurs & #OKC ran their opponents off the floor because they had ACTUAL REST.
Can we all agree that Brad Pitt's performance in Troy left alot to be desired? Very questionable.
is that a diss?
Happy Mothers day to all you teen mommies out there! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
": <~ pushes "close doors" on elevators when I hear people yell "hold that elevator" HAHA ME TOO!
Caleb McSurdy finally gets to area - ESPN (blog)
When is god going to tell white people to suck it!?
Love the fact that is on Twitter now. I could already tell this will be interesting!
Steel cut oats and #romandie? Don't mind if I do.
FOLLOW BACK! SO FOLLOW THEM!
Thanks for your support! :-D
was the only one with something negative to say about it damn her!!
Today is an early release day for elem & middle schools. Elem gets out at 11:45 am and middle gets out at 12:30 pm.
Cocktails is on the rooftop gardens tonight! Countdown to 5:30 begins...
If Facebook didn't have Zynga would it be worth so many gazillions?
Got my Vlados today !!
not really, I was due for one. Got a physical the other day and the doctor recommended it.
And I don't think Cal is dirty. I think he works the NCAA's "gray" areas like no other. Nothing illegal, but maybe on the line
sweet product - and congrats on the #sxsw nomination!
My name is Jana, and I am addicted to brunching.
A friend told me not to talk about the job market on facebook. Well, what about twitter?
If the thunder and Indy make it to the finals... I'll do anything to go to a game!
#WaysToMakeMeHappy if u see me smiling u doin sumtn
I love you! <3
I heard the gear is in. So excited to get my gear!
NSAC: What I do know is that I have a positive test in front of me. I don't know if Overeem's team has given a persuasive presentation.
Are you sure it was from crossfit?
if i got your face tattood on my back, would you still love me?
4.2 in East County? Totally didn't feel that one.
#ArabicMusic News - #Egypt: Police forces were able to find the kidnappers of Salah Al Sharnoubi and return him safely to his family.
MT : Thks to all who supported #UWSocial over past wk & our worthy rivals at #SconniePact-#CheeseAlliance rides on.
I did 85% travel time back in the '80's. Near the end of my career I could be asleep before push back & wake on the touchdown
Anybody attending eTail West? If so, hope to see you there!
So my wonderful girl her friend and probably are weirdos for watching human centipede!! :)
hahahaha LOU! We voted my love :)
what do you mean sis? live tweeting? fellowshipping?
Only rivalry in sports today fiercer than #Blackhawks & #Coyotes is #Mets &
Kay Gees birthday party was a success besides the blisters and bruises:)
That would be great!
is this the cheep chicken thing? But it's 230am for you!
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job. ~ Jim Rohn
Forget that!!! I'm not going to sleep.
Strawberries & Fruit Dip <3
#YouKnowHesAKeeper when he doesn't watch the new episode of #NewGirl without you :)
Hewitt held up better than Roddick. Got that one wrong. Ah well. Aging is easier on good wine than good tennis. Aussie Open
They come in three's who will be the third one????
I think I just heard Michael Giacchino quote "A Love Supreme" repeatedly in the Medal of Honor: Vanguard soundtrack
Great pitching Dickey!
I'm at Ihop right now.. so after I leave, I'm ready whenever !!
Maybe for Christmas I
Black Friday = National Day of Grading for most profs.
Just walked by Apostle Paul of our generation. What an honor!!
Instagrammmmm! marcyyyx8 follow me ! I follow back! :)
Totally enjoyed 's performance at last night!
shiet son...when i'm in a writer's groove, shakespeare wakes the f*ck up, reassembles, and then MELTS cause it's that good.
#replacebandnameswithbacon this romantic bacon. Even though im vegetarian. It was funny.
I WISH I COULD GO TO YOUR NYC CONCERT! I most likely can't tho...... Oh well right?
Don't we all...
These flamin' hot lays>>>>>>>
thanks for the high five(: lol. So now you've met one of us, you'll meet brooke in Milwakee!<3 have a good night(:
hahaha i c what u did there.
1 out of every 8 people on earth is on Facebook.
NFC Pro Bowl squad includes eight Vikings ---> They can add a few more when the #Packers players go to SB!!
you too Austin!<3
SOON I WILL FINISH GRADING WEEK 4 DISCUSSIONS
Haha! Awesome! Thanks!!
Are you interested in #p90x #Insanity #lesmillspump #burncalories #turbofire?? Hit me up :)
GOOD MORNING I AM GOING TO CAMP SO IF U RIHGT BAC I LOVE U AND PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ?
My pleasure.
Sell Your Home Smarter When the real estate market is a roller coaster, a homeowner has to sell your home smarter not harder. The average
wow.. you are a master potter.. great work on the wheel!
YAY!!! THEY ARE HONORING #WHITNEYHOUSTON AT THE BILLBOARD AWARDS!!!! THIS SUNDAY @ 8PM ON ABC :-)
Traffic alert: Landslide closed wb lane of w Burnside St. Lane expected to reopen on Sunday
Happy friday to you, man!
because we have the attention spans of squirrels? ;)
If the New Jersey Devils don't win tomorrow, it will be hard to deny the likelihood of a New York-LA mega-market Stanley Cup Finals clash.
Shout out' to ALL my Ex's . . . FUCK YOU!!! Lmfaoo
I vow to tweet more in 2012
What I want to know is how in the world did I let myself run so thoroughly out of oregano?
I dont want to see #Kardashians on my TV, computer, at the check out line! ANYMORE! Someone please tell me WTF they contribute to society!
Hanging at cafe moustache. Trying to do hw and blog for I need home internet; I'm dying.
Tiger is back!!! Nice win next up
I wish u wouldn't stop following me, I would miss that Beautiful smile. Be happy, u deserve it'
Happy Birthday <U+E32A><U+E32D><U+E328> <U+E310><U+E312> love you girl!
Whoa whoa whoa the Real Friends show tonight is at a house party AND it's free? Who wants to go with me?
She said Chillin In the Cut Like A Band-Aid -__- , Ctfu Boosie !
2. Good for applicants, in that I can advocate but bad for employers because they don't necessarily get specific questions addressed.
Thanks for the RT of the book!
You don't have to rub her lactose intolerance in my face!
Literally driving home right now to find a phone charger and keep #twitterbinge alive. #killmenow 19/24
Welcome to Twitter! Thanks for the follow!
haha! it's nice to have a clan:P
That band always come to Boise..cant seem to get into them. Verse should have stayed broken up.
Had a great conversation with even tho it was really embarrising. :D
gonna have a great gig tonight at Sarris' ... A new club in a great old location!! But first... off to the gym...
hell yea
I bought a Walgreens brand razor a couple of weeks ago. It is THE BEST RAZOR I HAVE EVEN OWNED!
Make it happen
Dear , Thanks for your new national newspaper ad campaign. That's how you make loyal customers.
You got it. Relationships should serve each person. Allow both to explore themselves deeper and love deeper.
About to eat a torta for the first time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
When folks romanticize life as a "full-time writer" I remind them I'm also a full-time publicist, secretary, and travel agent.
Glad Tyson Chandler won Defensive Player of the Year but part of me feels Mavs championship run was still fresh in some voters minds.
You are welcome!
uhmm am i was born in nigeria bt i school at chicago heheheh so wat are u up to
pulled pork>coleslaw>fried green tomatoes>brooklyn summer ale>pecan pie>brooklyn monster ale. it's good to be the king...
I'm not hungry
"A person with a reason will always find a way."
woo hoo Go Tyler!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> At least someone understands “: Niggas these days dont treat ladies how they are supposed to.”
Check out This is my favorite vegan blog, iphone app, & cookbook ever!!
i am going to miss the coyotes :-(
where is it taking place?
Are you going to the #Cubs opener today #Chicago? What's your prediction?
what a jerko. Good luck!
Does anyone have a Columbia cap and gown I could borrow? Don't ask. I'm dumb. Please message me ASAP.
Thanks for RTing our Extras call, will be a fun shoot!
Alcohol is a very patient drug. It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time. ~ Mercedes McCambridge
Earl Grey in my travel mug, working on more #WestTexasinterviews at the library this afternoon.
Its cold outside n i wearing a tank top n some shorts wth sandals
Try to be the sail in someone's boat and not the anchor. Anchors are nothing but dead weight anyway.
Wow tonight has been cray cray at work. I now know that people that go to Drake concerts are stupid.
Now Announcing our 11/12 Hippodrome Broadway Series! South Pacific•La Cage•Lion King•Wishful Drinking•Addams Family•Memphis•Mary Poppins
I really don't know :0
Happy Birthday!
I completely agree
"Home Boy bursts with intelligence and energy and pathos. I haven't read anything like it." Gary Shteyngart, Author of Absurdistan
Maki Madness may be no more (insert sad face here) but I still gotta get my on in March (plus I've got some serious GCs to use...)
oh hey ;D
So smart RT : PTs have been great, we are just careful not to step on toes when they refer over, we refer back
Who got a new job this week? For those of you that started a new job this week how did it go? Well we hope!
If you have a problem being faithful, you don't belong in a relationship.
Yeah. Even modest pedestrian improvements would be a big deal. It's not that far to Sunset.
Thanks for The Follow @ FreeSliceVegas
Any time homie!
We hope so too!
I hope so!
I called u RT : All that partying shit gets old after a while.
I applied season 1 made it to vid submission rnd says reapply as there are new producers each season!
Hoes our like condoms either they on ur dick or in ur pocket
Be careful driving. There are quite a few trees down. Thankful to be home from work. No need for power where I'm going... BED!!! Goodnight!
Number 8 is on the way
Costs, shrinking demand squeezing exporters - China Daily
we will miss you at the we will schedule a debrief
Winwood is where it's at tonight
I agree. I think Chekwa could be a contributor as a nickle back right away and possibly grow into starter.
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on. -----Carl Sandburg
Grrr Rickie that double play hurt.
i gotta figure some stuff out
look at bailee with a twitter(:
cause it's the coolest pop-up space & team ever! RT cause they have the most creative, imaginative lounge furniture
i am obsessed with magazines
apparently hacked. EMP loves you!
Gummi Worm life
Aa an upper middle class person, I have the luxury of reliable cars.
thanks for makin' music and just for being you. This is one #Belieber that will always stand beside you. I love you!(:
Is that Clarence Carter?? Nope Jose Barrea he be strokin!! Good to see GO MAVS!!!
John mayer born & raised and Valet mag in the morning. So Americana.
STOP FOLLOWING ME ON TWITTER PORN BOTS! DAMN YOU ALL TO HELL! }:O
Have a great week everyone!
NO! Titans get Wright.
Those who cast the votes decide nothing. Those who count the votes decide everything.
5 - FREE Posters with flyer orders of 1000+ this week! Call today to place your order OR email :)
my mom just said she really doesn't like me most of the time..
#twitter that
#musesocial In what ways do apps connect virtual and onsite experiences? Beyond sharing?
“: Teach me how to....? #finishthesentence” teach me how to become Ricky's girlfriend. Did I just tweet that? #awk #awwell (:
hey man How r things going? can we catch up today or tomorrow for like 5 minutes-
Don't Mess With Texas! RT : heading out in a few minutes for #htx #bowl12. ready to kick ass and take names.
Unlike last year's championship game, both teams look like they want to win tonight.
Dollar sludge bars ALL NIGHT! or until we run out :) Please RT!
will do. It would be super easy pace, some walking. Thinking out to AT&T and back, maybe a bit further.
I'm going to die in the library. Die.
I hope the little guy is alright!
On my way to school:), hope today is a good day of all of us!!!
Blues at the Bluseum rescheduled for June 26th due to air conditions from AZ wildfire. Come out, it's going to be smokin' hot!
I'm with you, doesn't know what a black and mild is??
The annual state renewal of the Dream Farm corporation (to become not for profit) is currently due. Please contact
Aww thanks! <3333 I just took a small leave so i can finish this cleanse.
On that note! Goodnight every one :)
Kinda sad to watch the House debate right now. They know most people are watching the Senate, right?
I'm pretty sure almost positive that I'm too insecure for a relationship.
#boyfriend breiwlsdviweog ah!!!
one egg short of the omelet
Why am I awake <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Some of you guys need to stop complaining every 2 mins on twitter, and do something with your lives
i like the name, "Nick's Chocolate Paradise". Its catchy. And lol idk about those pony tail dudes.
How do you or how can you reward yourself without spending money? Really I would love to know.
They SHOULD call ME butter CUZ I'm so SMOOTH!")
what kind of protein shakes do you prefer? I'm looking into a few brands, but haven't tried anything yet.
Got a whacky DM from you this morning. Think your account may have gotten hacked. Might want to change that password.
RT I love and the Old Man. They. Make a great pair!! ": RT if you think the Old Man and Chumlee make a great team!"
Seriously? "You forgot to thank your horse."
I don't understand why they'd even consider Damon. Are they thinking he can still lead off? Dubious at best.
Actually yes I'm my backyard but my lions are guarding it.
dental dudes
Being a copy editor is sometimes like being your only friend who has a pickup on the day everybody is moving at once. But I'm happy to help.
Oh, yeah, saw Swervedriver at the Bottom Lounge last night. Amazing show.
Heading to the dealership. Could be coming home with a new car tonight!
someone on bilbao just took a ronaldo fee kick to the face, i think he may have died instantly. that would be scary
Lionel Richie Makes Music History With Tuskegee
LA rules! ": Trifecta tonight as our LA teams and win tonight! #ThisIsLA #OurCityOurHome #FEARLA"
are you sure you didn't look into a full size mirror? Haha
Thank You ! <3
No Tween knit today....... See you next week.
Excited to hang out with this Friday at the Unblurred open house & see their unique vintage/handmade housewares
In other news.. I am done my first task of the afternoon.. stripping down, polishing, and restring-ing Izzy, my acoustic-electric Ibanez. 8D
finally in sync with west coast time I see. In town for Almost Acoustic Christmas rehearsals?
is remembering the roof of the Lafayette house and the mass amount of people that congregated on it.
oh wait, Product, you said. Yes, I always use Product.
": If there is no trust, there is no us."
Day 3 of couch-to-5k and I got my reluctant husband to go with me!
That tuition increase is crazy.
When I came into the office there were 11 things on my "To Do" list. Now there are 23.
UT gets the top Recruiting class in the SEC at WR with 4, 4 star commitments
Interesting: "When offline, people love personalized experiences like a cafe owner knowing your name" -Russ,
I was chilling drinking my coffee. Anything wrong this that?
Freezin in my own fuckin house! Ugh
I don't even use twitter anymore.
MLB At Bat 12 app. Awesome
Glad to hear you both are kicking it into high gear before the holidays!
Congrats 2 the Chargers on their BIG win! 35-7 over Denver & back 2 .500 on the season. Good Game Bolts ;)
Oh nos! And is in Ohio now, you can wave at each other from across the state!
Listen to i wanna go at Aaron Davis on my facebook fan page For feed back on how you like it thank you everybody :)
I love
I hate hanging out with because bops love huge black dudes
Hey there sweet tits.
Totally obsessed with The Cab...
alright but just wanted to let you know I miss your crazy ass x)
Watching early Radiohead concert, so rad
That moment when your body is too exhausted to get up, and your belly is telling you to go make some damn food.
"We sound like a lion taking down a gazelle then feeling compasion and letting it go and it getting hit by a car"
Thought I was done with pointless English class after high school... Guess not
We hope you have a chick-tastic weekend!
I wear slip-on sneakers. Minimal effort with maximum results.
This day is gonna be long.
I messin' with ya Truths! How many IU win by tonight?
Go follow she's amazing! <3 <3
“: Your off yeah?” yeeeee
For $10 more RCOYWYSAC comes with a spiders crawling on you feature.
RT : Are you pumped about a Friday full of 11s? That includes 11 glasses of wine for Dr. H!
Hello April!
what a lucky girl! School and the Dix!
I have no idea but these niggas stressful
Me: Tomorrows Friday Teacher: yes! stop asking Me: Hell yeah, Drink in my cup (singin song blasting in my headphones) ! Teacher: -__-
lies..... You made that up.
It's only 6:30 in the a.m. And already it's been a day.
Happy Record Store Day! Don't forget to go out and support your local, independently owned record stores!
speaking of Nigger. I dont like
actually, it was kinda alexis's idea originally.
Morning mama-bear! Have a good day, sweets!
That happy moment when you find your I.d. :D
RT : God has bottle for your tears and a book for your tossings. Psalms 56:8
would you guys kill me if i say i legit think that you deserve a cactus up your ass?
you beautiful person you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Dear , as a foodie your "personalized" suggestions of Denny's and Family Pancake House leave a bit to be desired.
lmao...over a million times! so I'm screwed huh? It was working for like an hour after it fell then just shut off
thanks for following. Have a great weekend
“: awweeeeeeewwwee” worst table in room and familiar faces
With all of the NC hate flowing around the intertubes, I may just pretend I still live in Georgia until another state does something stupid.
you are so sad, you can't buy a team. Don't give up your draft for one guy. Who will protect him? David Carr all over again.
it's okay, I have too. I miss you, also.
- oh please do! THAT I'd love to read!
I'm in my office but my mug full of coffee is in my car.
Loved seeing Ziggy Marley & Simon Pegg on The Daily Habit shoot today! :) Great sounds & Simon cracks me up so much! Super great fun!
I am so happy/relieved this morning. I just got official approval on my dissertation proposal from the University of Denver. 75% done now.
I love how I wake up noticing that I fell asleep waiting for my bf to atleast text me :(
I'm so bad now I have no desire to get back out there
I'm sure it is but he can get a better lay of the land and who he might to be behind or not
i like when him and sandy do karate
“: I almost got into a car accident. #sudden”
got to my destination on farwell outside of early! come taste some tasty fresh juice--great deals today ;))
Happy Birthday to an epitome of an active #globalcitizen who constantly seeks to inspire and change the world
. that last tweet was for you
this is so fucking true.
MB this singing in my dreams whit: #roc #prodigy #priceton and #rayray lol!!
These days are going so fast.
nigga well show me how to work this...i really don be on here like that newayz....
Hey Cori, I remember you:) You and your family are very sweet:)
Its friday!!!i know im late,but lets celebrate!!!!
This the way the bitness goes
haha we should totally try tobgo x
Hey ..that was so awesome of u to blast out like that on our behalf ..... thanks a ton!!!!!!
Finally cured my month long sushi craving for sushi today at lunch. So good.
Kick Axe is great, but C-Dog is special. Great beers. Thanks
i never argue, i just explain why im right.
i mean have some respect for your team. Lots of great players never won a title and still out on for they team
yes! i can't look too much at it, you know, driving and all. :)
absolutely, one thing he gives this offense is consistency, you never knew what you'd get out of Orton each week
If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first. - Kurt Cobain
Pretty sure my driver was laughing at my hiccups
Fake ass bitches <<<
I feel positive energy for the west linn man whose fiance' is detained in syria. she will come home.
Many are wondering what's going on w/ VerseCity. Don't fret. Details are coming soon. But if you love us just be patient & trust us!
Good luck to and reaching the final table of !
Shes A Good Person...
i remember the time you told me that you love me and i told you that i also love you...NOW YOU COMPLETELY IGNORE ME! >:x
follow back? :)
Please do not play that game. Not even close to being fun or funny. In these times, really?
Finally the #Phillies play a team I hate so I can forget all reality and just yell FUCK YOU, WE'RE GONNA WIN THE WORLD SERIES @ the TV.
Ad Astra => To the stars
Q. Why does a penis have a hole in the end? A. So men can be open minded.
love your wall!!
Obama is so handsome! If I was one of the ladies from The View I would jump on that d***
The sobriquet "He's a Scrooge" should be a compliment. It's not how you start, it's how you finish that counts. Scrooge reformed.
you'll b able to relax with me soon lol. .How was work?
really? What's his name? Haha.
I like it!
A survey of 5k consumers rates brands on a scale from -100 to 100. 0 means equal + and - perceptions. The highest score is usually about 60
that midday ritual is like the chupacabra.
both analogies have some validity. The question for me is how you can engineer an optimal team.
don't we all...enjoy the weekend.
amen sista!!! Total insanity !!!! People like that needs to make disappear ;);)
Similarly, if you get divorced on January 2, you will need to file jointly (or married filing separately) for the prior year.
okay katy do you have a square on yo head hahahhahahahaha
Trying to decide what to giveaway first! :) What something that you lovlies would reallllyy want?!
Hahaha serenading me while I eat lunch
what are you laughing for?
The world of the Internet of things: real word objects and locations connected to the Internet.
Slowly putting a dish in the sink and running away fast while someone is doing the dishes
is the paparazzi tonight! Photos of Warren Sapp?! What?!
One of you got me, the other Ms America.
Never go abroad. It's a dreadful place.
MT Nice to see you using the #strugglebus hashtag created in
I was about to beat this dude ass in this alley
I'm not happy anymore paying for your "Evening #Netflix Congestion". I will cancel my service this week. (via )
It feels SO good to have some wonderful sister energies around me with NO drama and ALL LOVE. I love my sisters and yall KNOW who yall are!!
Curves wit bbabe yaaaaah bitch excellent
Follow Me On Twitter Please!!!!!!! I Need More Followers lol =3
Snow just east of Abq- reports of 11 car accident I-40 westbound @ Cedillo Hill.
This is why you should never wordsmith from the floor and submit amendments in some printed form.
i got gas for $3.19 last night, the swamp people were having a party
Lame, but got some in. #plankaday. 5 sec.
dah challenge. facial mask. fruit salad.
I know, she's the shit :)
sounds like Sagu from has a slow leak
Decompress and share some of the things you've learned at #alamw12 at #LibraryCamp. This afternoon at 3:30pm, DCC - D165
does this #SPURS win & #1 seed mean that (to name a few) will finally acknowledge us?
Does radio count? I only listen to NPR for news.
thanx for the follow
Is missing her grandmother very very much today. Can't believe it's been a year. Xo.
That is unfortunate.
Celtics were 23-20 while Doc's son was playing at Duke. Since end of Duke season, Boston is 10-4 and 9 games over .500. Not a coincidence.
Be cool, stay strong.
Welp there goes the Bulls season. Let's just give the Miami Heat the trophy already and sit patiently till football season.
Kiss kiss bang bang.
ha! that gif of Puyol is great. Reminds me of when he pulled out the corner flag vs RealMad (ref had 2 put it in, slowed attack).
ah okay! I was so confused haha
I don't even know what I want anymore
YES!!! i don't have to clean his garage...i'm gon miss that money though...but it's all good...
Wow, that is awesome! I think I'll get one for my little Nikon.
I feel like I'm gonna be sick.
i can't tell who says stupider shit, my stoner friends or #brainPARKOUR <3
Now playing "Alive" by
I can't make u like me...n if I hav 2...Do I really want u 2?
“: so bummed. can't go to Columbus this weekend to see :( gonna go cry now.” no!
At dinner discussing Chevy Stephen's provocative thriller, STILL MISSING, with
:) what's your favorite oje of Ariana's cover songs?
And though we're ahead of schedule, which is great!...believe 'anxious' is best word throughout this day.
S/O to my new teammates in this industry I love so much. I am honored to be apart of such a powerful network. That will show in my work! 1
too soon?
Time to get ready for school<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>....boring day ahead.
Calling all hopheads... Don't be Stoopid! Stop by Pipers Pub on Thursday. It'll be Stoopid.
Uh oo i sense tension with
OMG its snowing!!!
lol, I meant to say Ok sawa
And... my day is complete. The rest is gravy.
Oh so HSBC? I'm sorry hun.
RT : We will be hosting a news conference at 4:30 a.m. and live tweeting. VP of ops David Geier will give an update.
And he's a freak athlete, with a big wingspan, who hustles and plays hard. There's a lot of your answer.
Zimms gonna be singing Paradise on Sunday?
You are so helpful.
Get up, Get Out, & Get Something…
haha, not really sure.
Woo ! We Gonna Rock ettt ! \m/.
I only twitter for the cussing.
Rehab" The Photo Shoot Next Saturday!! Outfits are coming in slowly, purple lipstick, spiky hair, slits shaved on the side, curls on top.
Sorry for the vent...some days it just needs to be said. In other news, Happy Thursday! :-)
If I had a girl in my room I could see her showering from my bed, thanks to an awesome glass wall...I could also see her taking a dump.
hey alex (: can you please follow me and retweet me? I would love itt! Thankss (;
Badass leather clad biker dudes, FYI, it kinda ruins the image if you're texting on a Blackberry while straddling the Harley.
RT : however meta you go, can always take it one more level. Abstraction as a service = As :-)
All kids have hopes & dreams for the future, but growing up shouldn't have to be just a dream for some. #StopChildhoodCancer!
he is terrible
This week only! 75% off any event in January or February when you book this week!!!
Bout to get my workout on...ewww
serious...text me
when people rob old ladies we always think of them as monsters. We should at least give them credit for being smart criminals.
So nervous bout saying that...
Man... Shut up Kobe. Yo bald looking airplane self. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
yes chemistry :/ and I know , how lucky (:
"Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture."
We appreciate our new followers! :
It is really my least favorite state. : I. Hate. Arkansas.
It's Official......FRIDAY NIGHTS at "THE DECK" on the rooftop of the Milwaukee Athletic Club
Toughie? Maybe. But nothing you can't handle, Stephen. We're sending positive brain wave goodness your way.
Then just to spend 4 hours with her again
Go hokies ! RT Michigan Vs Virginia Tech
Powder Blue was fantastically done! CONGRATS to all who worked on the film! I have a very special place for Jessica Biel in my heart now! :)
Happy 93rd birthday to Nelson Mandela
or jungmann, he isn't playing fall ball like jed. Although his arm may not be in shape.
I agree. Yeah it's inconsistent and i don't understand the punishments for the crimes.
RT : All those clouds and no rain. Such a tease, such a tease you are #ATX weather...
Loving all the Beastie Boys on the radio.. Brings back so many memories
“: Would love to hear some to end my weekend, or start the week, rocking! :)” Thanks Jen!
“: dude my dirty santa gift has changed. It is the shizzzzzz!!!!” Aww looked forward to the last
That's so strange!
so much amazing happens when you combine money + creativity + hedgehogs
There was talk a year or so ago—maybe on fedora-dev—of storing repo data in HDFS. They’re probably using Hadoop, too.
“: Love puts you in the craziest situations when it comes to making a decision.”
We are rocking with the Mustang Amps!!
Sure! I'd be happy to. Sorry for the delay in responding. I just now saw this message. Danke!
I have to say I really love your company name! Very fun company.
hehehe scare you away yet?
Tacos, margaritas, and "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo." Really liked Trent Reznor's cover of "Immigrant Song" at the start.
Enjoying a lunch break with Nathaniel Philbrick's "Why Read Moby Dick?"
I pray heavenly father asking u to bless those who has cursed & hurt me. I thank GOD for my trials & I honor u through showing love to all!!
This funny and true at the same time RT : Know what else is waging a war on marriage? Flannel pajamas.
wait a minute... funny that as i was walkin out on vacation the pizza party pops off? Just sayin... l
Yum! I love ricotta gnocchi! So much easier to make than the potato kind...and tasty, too!
surely must know of some actual conservative scholars (you know, academics, the kinds with PHDs) who could play devils advocate
Clemson&#39;s bats exorcise Atlanta demons, take series at Georgia Tech
This to shell pass. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I Doubt it. RT : am I the only one who didn't know that Tami was on the Real World
says cars haven't moved in at least 90 min. Is that in Eagle River Loop area?
okay haha omg at what I just tweeted Vinny. I'm diein;)
*superhero's names
Hi girlfriend. <3
Good morning <U+2600>
We DMed you this morning! We hope to hear from you soon!
well then why did you retweet it? I said retwet if you agree. and you did :p
I'm working on a #Drupal presentation and listening to #CBCradio3 -- it's a good day!
Thanks for the follow!
Follow a Fringe Artist Friday: <U+200F>
I know, but he's back! As in, now there will be a new album, following with a tour then a chance to MEET him. omg<U+2665>
Go dan!!! football??
We are un chien andalusia... and we will debase you.
Congratulations! What a fun opportunity. Enjoy!
if you got eyes look at me now bitch.
WAT TIME IZ IT OVER THERE
that's the one I used! It was good, but the biscuits made it taste like something different than enchiladas. Have you tried it?
A little madness in the Spring, is wholesome even for a King. ~ Emily Dickinson.
So far, the packages often seem more like good jumping off points for tailor-made packages for our clients. Which is fine by us.
There are no overnight successes, just people that worked really hard behind the scenes pouring their blood, sweat and tears into an idea!
She want's to see on jun 1st, I might.....keep her happy..
as I sit outside having dinner right now, I can't disagree.
To the 9yo lad who looked me in the eye to tell me why he likes my daughter: "She has a cool dad, & she's nice to me." Well done, young bro.
I just heard about a powerplant explosion in Middletown. That might be the answer to the rumblings that we experienced.
yup 'cause they don't care how I look or how popular I am. They like my personality (: haha
the rumble/grumble of thunder #seattle almost was as loud as my stomach growling. time to eat.
First homecooked meal post-circumnavigation (meatloaf, roast potato, Caesar salad). Don't miss ship food at all.
ohh yes I know it. lol (x Why are you winking? :o
If you were a fly on the wall in FL, what do you think you'd hear?
gonna chill with my boyfriends little brother later :)
Sharing my love and knowledge of swords with blade wielders on the bus!
dude...you'll get me into trouble! It was extraordinarily written. I want to see the finished product!
Lion king & tai food. Happy cinco de mayo?
Writers: get published at ezinearticles.com ...
who you're frendyy ?
thanks for the follow, love DT Fiction!
checking back in after hiatus... waiting for the hub to come home
It's been a long day...I need a drink <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>lol...or something right now
lol. Pls tell him she put herself in there. On more than one occasion!
also a remarkable number of books told from the perspective of children -- tricks for avoiding too much tech
Ex-nurse pleads guilty to nursing home neglect after over-medicating a patient. Get the details on this sad case of nursing home abuse:...
Beginning to think I need to get an attorney involved because Sprint isn't concerned about overcharging customers.
lol for what
When you reach for the stars, you may not quite get them, but you won't come up with a handful of mud either -- Leo Burnett
I don't think so, but I pointed it out later anyway :-)
Ich mache 'Pink Turns Blue' - "if two worlds kiss". Kennst du? (Practicing my German. It's a little rough.) Great album!
It's April fools day!! APRIL FOOLS! No it's not!!... APRIL FOOLS AGAIN!! Yes it is!! ha. I got you.
/ cool kids? My 15 year old drama club geek self is so excited to be a called a cool kid!
JADED went on a store adventure. Now getting ready to watch the new #ItsAlwaysSunnyInPhiladelphia . Gonna be hilarious! YEAH TWITTER~!!!!!11
HAHAHAHA Barry Manilow was my favorite sing-a-long years ago, had all his records! NOW he makes me smile at my silly self :+D
silly nancye. Since when does she go out with friends so often....
Just saved the 2012 season last night,
thanks for your support and making Pairings amazing!
your quite welcome:)
Beautiful Sunday... Love L.A winter.
fun music
It's almost my birthday. Woot c:
Usually yes
You can get caught in Massachusetts with up to an ounce and they'll just give you a ticket.
Hey , just wanted to let you know that and I will indeed be seein you round campus next year.
thousand times, radioactive :)
Well congrats!
Got a tablet but couldnt afford the cover. So I wrap it in my sweatpants. haha
me too, man. Me too.
I'm glad that you're the one rapping… oh my goodness...
I love Eating Well magazine and find such great recipes and ideas in each issue.
Guess this kind of is like a really effed up high school experiment, but don't think you're supposed to bring your own egg
So you can keep.the diamond ring? Def a post divorce song
#WhyRead Because how else are you going to slay a dragon?
DM Can you DM me your email address?
RT with your weekend plans! Are you going to be visiting any merchants?
Why hello summer
Have FUN! You will be GRAND! && You're going to give BET aLOT of views today(:
Sarah Houghton tells of her experience at raising tech literacy of San Rafael Public LIbrary - staff and patrons
never been more ready in my life
Congratulations, Lindsay Rodkey! () You won a free race entry for our 2012 MTB series. Look for an email w/ details! :)
I am a big advocate of job quitting.
bi(: follow me(:
and they pass on more seasoned artists who developed themselves and have perfected their crafts. ageism at it's finest.
So no, it's not her caressing your hair and telling you everything is going to be okay
3-day weekends are so nice!
Shopping away on VS and got to my cart...$430...um....closed that browser FAST!
Posting on FB & Twitter, north, south, east, west, across the pond and down under...WE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!! GO DD GO!!
All great achievements require time. -Maya Angelou
I really need to get off, I'm laughing at myself again.. See you tomorrrroww at SCHOOL
Private Midnight tour of The Capitol? Yes please!!!
Just because I don't talk about my problems, doesn't mean they don't exist.
No doubt!!! Once u r 1 One of the main things u preach offensively is shot selection...
Hurricane winds!
you guys still do that shit? lolololol
no doubt. I wish lawson would play like this every game damnit!
People of Los Angeles...what channel can I watch the Blazers vs. Clips game on? Any chance of getting the game in my hotel room?
Emotional Energy=Do what u love, people u like, get a coach, mentor, quality time w special people
O_O o I can't believe you. After everything we been through ? smh
25 days-still have intermittent signal even with new modem, executive appeals & customer svc calls, and tech visits
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!! I LOVE YOU ALL :D
yes feeling better thanks sis
I feel like you should know I'm in Claremont
The pomegranate revolution in processed food is getting a little long in the tooth. You're not knocking corn sweetener out of number one.
{ Evening Classes } Group Reformer and PULSE: 5:30, Group Reformer and Mat Class: 6:30, Yin Release: 7:30
networking is key join me and i follow you
When Liam reads your Kik and doesn't answer... Kay
Cool Springs with Mummy<U+E404>
Thank you for your thoughtful letter. Also, the sooner you seek help for your mental illness the better.
I'm passing out my flyers 2day 4 my plate sale on friday if u need some hit me up ill bring it 2 u or ur job/school thx tweeters!!!
come on Native American history paper..... so. close. Did you finish?
so if we do a colab shirt with Love Translates clothing who's gonna pick one up!?
u know what they say..
u think u can hook me up with some pics of that beautiful woman name brooklyn lol just askin
preparing for the music issue due out the first week in march. make sure you follow us for some fun #SXSW coverage.
Who got dat HOT SAUCE? Korver bro
When a guy walks by and smells good.. oh sweet jesus come back .
Yep, never hid the fact I was a pro wrestling fan
RT : #lpco12 Humbled to receive special certificate of appreciation and recognition from and Howard Stevenson
I hate not being able to celebrate in a non-Giants dominated area :( :(
Thank you and give my best regards to Shelly
someone called me turkey on the subway the other day.
I bet you are hoping for extras out in the Bay,
That's hittin it right there!!
UGH that always happens. fixed now.
Does AJ have shares of this Socialcam thing? It won't let me watch the vid unless I download the app. Hm
lol it was a girl and getting it in with don i take that as she likes hotdogs not tacos ;D
What you have within you is what you use when you're without.
thank you! It's like 50 shades of stalker.
North American Defense and the War on Drugs
At least they knew enough not to toss their Margarita.
Everett was never an offensive stud but his 2003-6 numbers were decent given his glove. Lowrie is better...
because I'm a lame. :( lol
We're especially excited that shortlisted in Vendor Thought-Leader Award though he's up against tough competition!
love you too and i might have to do cheerleading if i keep taking blows to the head that make me have to go to the hospital.
digging the new track doods! Swing by the site and check out the post when you get the chance. Cheers!
Can't stand how hotel internet isn't free. Not about to spend $51 to have internet access for 4 days. Bah!
he jumps to high to NOT be rebounding I mean come on...
where are u ???
becoming/desireless/is enough
RT - First Concert! Was it at #bankatlanticcenter?
Hey just too say change your password the dm is a hacker. Dont click on it hun!
can not stress enough how important it is to have the support of the for the campaign.
From my memorable summer of '76: Frampton's "Do You Feel Like We Do.".
Going commando tonite, lest I'm tempted to throw my chones at the stage! #pachanga5 thanks !
I guess several of population on earth don't like it too :/ just guess
Thank you and right back at you! And thanks for the best ever paper.li!
ONE MORE STRIKE, LET'S GO
Morning fans! :) i'll try putting the vid up today! PS-luis CHOREOGRAPHED it, created it, its not him or us dancing, its a quince dance
Thanks, Nancy :D I'm super excited.
That's terrible! BTW, your tweet reminded me that I heard you on this morning. Really loved the points you made!
#ff they are the best band ever.Ive seen them live twice&they jus are the nicest ppl ever.All they want is2make the fans happyC:
The DJIA back to where we were 1 year ago! That's not change... that's more of the same!
Much appreciated. I haven't had a chance to get it yet but there is on on the 315S onramp from Olentangy at Riverside.
": Saying a word over and over again .. Until it doesn't even sound normal anymore."
Dear September, we hope you're ready for another bad ass REVO event!
I'm pretty sure rhinos are just obese unicorns.
I think nicks dead...
Do you think cities should ban medical marijuana dispensaries like Fort Collins?
And now they are playing a bad cover of "Smoke On The Water". This band kind of fits Clippers-Grizzlies perfectly.
awesome! thanks :D
SO if "Ur" is not an acceptable abbreviation for You're is U'r acceptable?
Lunch with my mom in downtown Naperville :)
"kimberly's obsession with freedom is now under control"
site is solid:)
Jahnke Family Trivia: My dad went to high school with Jessica Lange.
#TypeYourNamewithyourelbow ...hannah I did it lol:p
New bootcamp: members of the network will be offering a "What's Your Game Plan?" workshop at #THATCamp Games!
No they do not. RT : People really have no understanding of #RBNY-fan dynamic, do they?
I have no idea where you're going with that.
I Hate When Ppl Ask U 2 Help Then Out But When U Need Help They Be Like Fuck U Motherfucker Like That Gone Die Along
hi there
yes it would! And the awesome on vocals! A dream jam! Haha can u make it happen? I'll play harmonica sing backup
It should be TRIVIA TIME huh? What you think?
well he's talking shit again, follow me & see if u can read his BS! He looks like an inbred f'in dope. His pic is his brofather!
Why what happened
Style with a conscience! #socent #ethical fashion pop-up this weekend in NYC at benefiting
RT : Have you ever seen a superstar who when he's missing, doesn't seem to be missed? That's A-Rod.
we didnt show as we showed our new collection at fall market Please pop in next time!
>yeah, an adequate stimulus wd hv us doing well by now...FDR created jobs tht benefit us to this day, investors hoard $
uh...snow? where did that come from?
The only important thing in march in america is march madness so your 'march break' is foreign to me canadian
Nick I will see you at the Berk JazzFest !
Thank you. :) They are pretty great!
Fun finder is a great app for teachers, students & parents! Easy searches for hands on activities.
For the love of everything that America stands for, please keep dancing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
i did it in a minute.
scottsdale hair salon Internet Marketing & SEO: scottsdale hair salon. The wavelength of the program (quite small) is this kind of t...
Just got word we are going to dinner Thursday night after ur game !
Our new website will be up soon !!! Be safe everyone and enjoy the Holidays with your Families....FREE ESTIMATES! 858-486-4070
lol no. At home and sick.
don't think that your crossposting between FB & twtr won't go un-noticed.....
Fab day even though it's cloudy and raining.
Of course there's a #bloomsday hashtag!!! Love it!
Springbreak t-minus 6 days and counting....
Thank you! “ U look beautiful”
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Oral-B Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Only 2 days left until Nat'l Adm. Assistants Day! Show your appreciation with a gift certificate from Culinary Connectors.
nice songs! Loved them!
Making chocolate/caramel candy apples for Halloween.
ConQuesT is Memorial Day weekend. I'll be on panels most of Saturday and book signing.
:( wahhhhhh I need my little Sam here
Immature fix Toni and Tatiana necklace after this game
IS A GARDEN TOOL!! That is all.
Overgrow the Government
it would be nice if we could change the location based on how we read: L to R or R to L
Been watching since the start. Hooked - you and me both!
(2/2) Come get tips on successful studying and passing National and California Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine exams today.
and I woke up at a -100% because I had a dream my mom bought me this dope ass sweater. I woke up in a great mood.
I feel like a 78 year old grandma for being tired already.
ribeye or gyro?
Relationships Are Pretty Cool...
# Team goofy
Happy New Year tweetie birds!!!!!!
Hi! All of our vinyl banners are created custom, individually. Nothing pre-printed. Email us!
I lose everything. I need to buy a velcro suit.
What did you finally end up doing with the 2TB?
RT “: Had some really bad meat loaf for a late dinner, signing Tonette up 4 cooking classes 1st thing in the AM.”
have a goo show at #nighttown. Can't make it... Got a gig tonight. :(
Happy 16th Birthday!:D I love you so much! You have inspired me with my music... you have no idea!<3
give us a shout out!! We are in the storm listening to yalls moe foe sho!!! Jeannie and Chad Crader
Randy Newman wins #BestOriginalSong for "We Belong Together" in Toy Story 3
yeah, and still resolving teachstreet stuff. plus doing a lot of traveling (wife is in LA)
I'm a little fed up with know-it-alls and one-uppers today.
Haha shaq and chuck crack me up!
LUCKY! Lol RT I'm drinking oneright now:) lol RT : bitch u got feminine ways MIMOSA!
fb ma I blow purp all day
Summer, Can you please come a little faster?
At Work- RED LIGHT SPECIAL - Ben Bailey steps out of the Cash Cab to answer YOUR questions for a change - new emmy as best quiz show host
6 more to go...
Godspeed, little doodle.
you cheeky kunt you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I need new friends. I cannot stand this negativity.
The gym should charge a separate admission just so I can people watch...some of you individuals in the gym are COMEDY
Lol..she scared my nephew.
Beautiful day for golf here at San Diego Country Club!
RT : Today is the LAST CHANCE to see "The Spitfire Grill"! Don't miss it! 2pm
Looking forward to spending the afternoon with the good peeps from the !
how much do you need? Just picked 4 or 5 pounds. Could have gotten 20 w more time.
Academic lectures or popular talks? (E.g. some of CS Lewis' apologetics books began as BBC radio addresses)
fuck da heat imma bulls & thunder fan and i still have faith in da bulls
killer stop by Thomas on Johansson, but that's a whiff by 90 with an open side.
happy to be on that list
's always speaks his mind. Whether or not you agree with his opinon, you have to respect that.
life's tragedy is we get old too soon and wise too late
call when here. Will be out an about.
Only took about 5 hours to check out of cypress. Unfortunately, half of the nail on my thumb is gone but summer is here in its own way. :)
goose this weekend yo!?!?
Yes follow me, it's ClaudiaLeeLive
Dayquill and long islands mix no matter what the package says :p
ashamed of the suburbs?
Gym time biatches!
RIP Cody Bear, you are already missed.
The original Audio Dock had a power switch; it doesn't have a standby mode, just keeps sucking power.
TY for the RT! Please fill me in on how your biz is doing -
will be filming the video for his single "My City" off his "Passion For Perfection" mixtape stay tuned for location info!
Today was one of those days were I just wish I could take a vacation from my life.
how's Mr. Delofagggot's class? ^-^
Live Free Or Die. Some restrictions apply.
I laughed, both because what he said was true, and because IT IS SO OZZIE.
Doomsday interpretations of Dec 2012 are the result of contemporary visions of the apocalypse. But, what were the Maya communicating?
Why do you need a reason? Just do it! :)
Maddie and I just watched landshark ;)
Wow! That's quite impressive!
After all, it's heavily based on a vehicle that Inside Line has praised time and again
PickUpLine: You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way
First day at work went great today! Can't wait for tomorrow :)
Had a great time with family and friends in FL. Good to be back in the Big Apple.
Hot bath& wine! Love being a girl.
"have you not heard? ... God gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak." (Isa 40:31). -- Good night all.
this is rigged ;(
Thanks!! It was fun to make! Now we have to choose the next myth...
Nope NBC's round ball rock (NBA theme) is still king. Man that music brings me back.
that too! ;D its also 's birthday (:
Its raining in Fort Worth!! ;) #finally rain #thank God
Thank you for all the support!
Danke!!! I feel a bit OLD to be wearing such items ;
ask her!
We'd love to chat about how we can help w/ the California college tuition & accessibility challenges.
Happy to hear you love our product! Shipping is pretty cheap, so you shouldn't have a problem. Safe travels!
are you coaching someone working on an app that spits out "funny" jokes that make the table go quiet?
There will never be another 'oldest teenager' not even close.
Can you download torrents? I'll send you the Pimsleur link & have you chatting "do Brasil" in 3 months.
I'm pretty sure robots aren't supposed to swim.... agrees
All this week I was a day ahead. Yesterday I thought it was Sunday, and today I thought it was Monday.
Hehe. I bet you look adorable getting all shy. Smooch :)
#WIFYR. On voice, fantasy doesn't have as distinctive voice as other genres. In fantasy voice is part of setting, in others is is character
Every product w/ an iPod dock will become like those big square wall holes designed 4 old TVs when Apple decides to change the input thingy
Nice work tonight, Brew Crew!
sorry to here that....what's going on?? Is it bad weather there?
Gosh i hate seeing old people cry :(
what up brah?
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
omg I'm so sorry. She's in my prayers. What happened?
thank you so much daisy <3
Yeah xD , girl do you have #FB ?
#IwantSomebody who will be there for me when I need him.
My 3 part #knit a hat series begins this Sunday April 17 I still have a few places left
Show tonight in Manayunk. The Grape Room, 8pm. Be There!
Just copped this new phone... Its too sick
TWEETS TWEETS TWEETS you rock!!! <3
Me? I love them!
I've said that before
Important band meeting tonight
: great cover:) and your guitar skills are brilliant :p
If I can run 11 miles in a sand/windstorm, a half marathon on land should be a piece of cake, right? I'm going with yes.
#imagine Austin In he Shower 0_0
sorry everyone for the wait! had a run with time due to other projects...anyways "the chills" will be released shortly...thanks
hey u should perform in newark and follow mhe plz...i will like to braid ur hair one day lol
oh noes! Now I’m really glad I went with the 77 last night.
Dunkin Donuts mentioned again: - RT oreo milkshakes from dunkin donuts &gt;&gt;&gt;
Sophia Grace and Rosie=CUTEST LITTLE KIDS EVER!
And congratulations to your brother - that's quite an achievement!
Guilty until proven innocent.
for sure the best ecommerce system on the market!!!
Little Rock Central High offers eight world languages!
Wow. RT : #Packers currently have 64 players on their roster. Means under new rules they can add 26 via draft/rookie FA's
hope all you are doing great!
Win a copy of Action Research for Business, Nonprofit & Public Administration! Visit SAGE & Corwin @ #AERA2012, booth 400-411.
Ooh, I love Peter Pan!
Rough day at work. Throwin back a big steak at Harry and Izzy's
Congratulations to you and to all the cast on the Last Friday Night Video! SUCCESS!!!!!
Dont be ashamed. Be flattered. Any girl would be lucky to have you. Yor a very handsome guy.
You use Safari, right? How long has the User Agent menu been there? (Translated: WHERE HAS THIS BEEN ALL MY LIFE??)
I think "crazy" was being used in a derogatory sense.
someone speak spanish? haha i'm from Chile & i speak spanish..my english is bad lol
New video coming out sometime this week guys. Would you like to see a new original song that I've written recently or a cover? :)
“: dear boys, if you don't look like abercrombie models, don't expect us to look like victoria's secret angels.”
Thank you 4 compliment re: #Beertown nom at HHA. Stay tuned 2 ur email in next day or w 4 news about its future.
Whitehead: writers need to run for public office
Everything is resolved
It was so obvious, I could feel the chill! Great acting, great writing!
i lose all my hope , can you hold me ? :') im not strong enough !
Seriously, why do so many conferences happen in May? (CTIA, Streaming Media East, Cable Show...) Couldn't we get one in February? Or July?
Go Juliet!!!!! You need to stay! :D
Love when the office doorman tells me to 'behave myself' hahaha
can't sleep...
and Chad Lucas are 3 strong character men from the '11 #Nighthawks season & continue to make us proud.
You guys were great tonight! Glad I got a CD before you headed out. Will you be back next Tuesday?
Not being able to taste anything cause you're sick<<<<<
Besides Darius Miles, who else is conflicted that All star weekend coinciding with the oscars.
Watching my brothers house for the week now i just have to find something to do well im here
Watched the Summer Girls video by LFO and was given the gift of laughter once again. Those lyrics are the worst!
GET MONEY ! STOP HATING ! " HOOD GENERAL'$ " IN DA STREETS GET AT ME FOR A COPY .
Finally listened to my ambient NPR to find a discussion on life lessons to be learned from RomComs. Talk about noise pollution.
Trees, flowers, grass grow in silence; the stars, the moon and the sun, they move in silence…God is discovered in the quiet moments - CHDyer
They call this guy Bruce Leroy but he looks more like Dwayne from What's Happening!!
Just don't tell us we suck...lol.
You're too kind. Thank YOU!
#bookaday WHITE OWL, BARN OWL by Nicola Davies Now to build an owl box for daughter's Austin backyard.
Omg louis grandma wished me happy birthday on facebook
So glad we DVR'd the Sox opening ceremonies
He who believes is strong; he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.-Louisa May Alcott
IT WAS THE GHOST. everyone said they were sleeping at that time o.o OHMYGOD.
On the road coming b.ck from southwest stomach onn. Full
no bro, i think u did mind fuck me.
Am I the only person who isn't a fan of monkeys in classical art?
Going on writing my Austin story lalaLOL :D
I just shot the tail off a dragon. In exchange, I got a nifty sword. I'd say it's a fair trade.
AMY POEHLER FOR QUEEN OF THE UNIVERSE.
The taste of an ice cold Gatorade when extremely hungover
went to lunch with one of my friends I haven't had lunch with in a while:)
Run away, take my hand and I will never let go.
An alley-oop from Rondo to my boy Stiemsma. Loves it!!
Yeah!! RT : lets get this visual going indigo ! Dm you contact information or email to
Be thankful for the musicians in your life and show them love on #recordstoreday! Head to to celebrate
you know it!
Hey welcome back old pal - From all of us, it's nice to have you "home"!
I say the same thing to my stylist
Harlem World! $1100 1 bed, hit me up to view!
Just rearranged ma room
I'd take a good old-fashioned snowstorm over this sweltering heat any day.
My mouth is semi-numb after going to Jamba Juice. I'm slurring all my speech now.
The sounds good to me! If I were local, I'd love to check it out.
So upset I just wanna scream
Looks like Vegas is trying to people to bet ND, I took both WV and Texas and Pitt which is'nt looking good right now.
We are having a great time @ #NCTM12 today! Stop by #1314 & learn more about #MyLivePD online coaching before the conf. comes to a close.
Does anyone want a christmas wish on christmas? I'll give you a shoutout then I'll send you an ecard on your email. I will only do this...
thats where I need to be!
The horror! Lol
The LORD reigns, let the earth be glad; let the distant shores rejoice. Psalm 97:1
Las Vegas Fire Dept Chief Washington is right. Anyone who'd like to volunteer in any organization should be done at their own time.
A lot of time in one spot today, tons accomplished though....just about back in action
that figures!
waking up early is good for the soul!
The Supreme Court takes up curse words on TV today. Tune in to "The Morning Show" to find out why.
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
Well, I'll be sure to watch!
It's been 3 months since I've last been on twitter! Hope everyone has had a great summer/Labor Day weekend. Great to be back tweeting!
Err, sorry.. who the hell is faith.. I like nemi ?! :O
Winner winner chicken dinner.
Yes I am! I'm just about to switch planes in Atlanta- I'll be in Michigan in a few hours!
I had a blast last night thanks to my lovely girls and
will you please follow me? You are my inspiration & i love you!(:
You never really stop loving someone… you just learn to try to live without them.
Nah I aint going today. I think that nigga Josh up there tho!
Just saw this dude on txcn that was skating and I swear he looked just like chris haslam.
Join us and DJ Jucee Liu from tomorrow at 1pm for our #ProjectStyle kick-off!!'
Irsay sure makes a lot more sense on twitter than he does when he speaks.
"Our love story isn't like the movies... It's better."
Yanni?? Really. Real famous. Check out YouTube.
Im done arguing with people , i just want you to know Jesus . Love on you completly dispite our flaws . Worship him , adore him !
For now.. it does cap his overall marketability and consumer audience I'd think, yes? He can't ever go mainstream like other guys
I cant't find my carmex and its driving me crazy
RT All my girls pretty. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
Same yo, I'm making a sign
Summer Treat RT :Roof is blooming at One South Van Ness that we helped put in w/ ! Check out these pics(by Mark...
haha surprised this picture turned out so well.
In the studio working on the new album. It is really coming together. Keep updated. We will be releasing a new track soon.
i wish i had a gatorade<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Bye dude
ok who paid you ladies to say that? LOL
Thank you. Somebody's got to do it!
I haven't slept good the last few nights <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
The JuJu's will be releasing their first single - stay tuned you are in for a treat!
for some quality social media info.
thanks for the RT and link love!
yea why?
If you want your movie to suck, put Rhianna in it.
It was wear your fur coat to church today at WPC. Wow. The second it gets cold out come the furs.
You gotta tell him! He only listens to the fans! :-) XO
If anyone wants to review ETERNAL SPRING (and my story on Queen Arsinoe II inside it), let me know. I'll get you a copy.
he's prob just having fun he wouldn't be dumb enoough to do anything stupid with such a wonderful wife
Oh shit whats nancy up to now. #futurewife RT : Season 8 of Weeds premieres July 1st. Enjoy your sandwich.
Want to know what the #Tarot says about your Path of Love? Check out www.tarotspeakeasy.com the world's only time-travelling Tarot blog!
The hardest thing in the world to do is go to sleep wen alaysia isn't sleepy :(
did you learn nothing from the blog!?!
I love you but your too damn far.. :/
And you can get alerts for events pushed to your devices, so there are probably ways to get around whatever you need it for.
Wow, just heard the news about Junior Seau's suicide. Sad day for sports
#SignsUrAHoodRatMother Your role model is Yaris Sanchez.
plEase follow me!!!
If you still need a #BrewCityStompDown2012 ticket NOW is the time to get it. Marquette AMU 137... Here until 11pm! $25.08 cash only!!!
Dear stomach,
not sure, wasn't hungry when I got here but now! Thankfully my layover allows time for Coreys
That moment when Google search suggests "Ira Glass divorce" & your heart irrationally leaps.
off from school. it was rubbish. x
tells when Al Franken tells jokes he laughs whether he gets it or not because Sen Franken is sharp n quick
I'm a fake account.
What can you do when your good isnt good enough?
When I read The Lover I remember being angry. People gave me Kerouac like a sacred key. Look! Male alienation! He was a peddler to Duras.
I'm no genius, but I am smart enough to know that there is no ''x'' in the words ''especially'', ''espresso'', or ''ask''...
come on out for that drink anytime.
I left my heart in Indiana
Having a beer, working on forming a book club. Feeling like Broprah.
Lots of stuff happening tonight ! Bingo at 7 and a special spaten stein pint night at 6!
That would be great! That's cool. I'm 26.
Tsh is one of a kind!
Washington University is looking for people to eat all the fast food they want every day for three months. What they'll get is: $3,500
For as much as I loved the season by #Lions Matthew Stafford, I think #49ers QB Alex Smith deserved the AP's comeback player of the yr award
Thanks for the RT!
I'm finna jus duck off tonight....too many mfs tryna go to tha movies. Im good wit my pink moscoto nd' my loud :)
holy shiznit dude you are awesome...ty ty and ty!!! That was supper sweet!
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Mentoring and Membership, Promotion, Diversity and Recruitment. Are you on either of these?
understanding calculus >
Can't wait to be DONE done.
40 wpm is pretty good to start. You might be interested in our app's advanced lessons.
Legs question. Sheer pantyhose black, clear, or no pantyhose?
RT : Sometimes doors close cause its something better coming< one closed is another open. Always gotta have a positive outlook
Right On
Fireworks @ Fort is walking distance from Comfort Inn. Hot breakfast, pool, 32" flat screen TV, pillow top beds. www.vancouverwahotel.com
All praises to the spirit of the Egyptian people!!!
I'm riding with you to the top of the hill
Disney Princess Paper! Take two! Cranking out the rest of this baby while I'm some what sane.
#FridayFightAgainst bullies... I have been bullied before and I hated it:/
Mondays just aren't the same without football!
Scrambled soft down not mean when I get to table my eggs are well done #failure to the cook
#Wisconsin: making national news, but only about the embarrassing stuff we wish wouldn't get out.
Delegations have ended for tonight's Board Meeting.
Halcomb running into a chair
it was good to see you! Next year will be 5, so it'll be definitely BETTER!
Yes! I love Shooter's scripting on these issues.
my dash is perfection right now, i am just reblogging everything !
Thinking about this weekend... It all went so smooth.
Hoping that this rumor is just that.....
I wanna come back for a game over the summer! Is everyone playing again?
Why stop now -bustA chris brown misy elliott.....goes hard asfuhhhhh
“: oml, lol. someone blow up my phone :*”
Hit me up on instagram
Don't think any made it our way.
i think, and then i think about what i'm thinking...just gets into this crazy russian doll situation
awl the lil baybehs, sang uh-round the weerld
are you guys playing moonstruck!?
Sam bradford....whatta joke....the touchdown wasn't even real life...
"Great! Because I have to pee!" "We have been on the road for 38 minutes!"
Practicing my golf game to whoop and ass in a month
You know you're befriends when you stay up all night waiting to unlock the door for your friend to get back from her boyfriend's c;
A successful life doesn't require that we've done the best, but that we've done our best. -H. Jackson Brown
Girl u kno I I I...girl u kno I I I
Hey when are we gonna go to the zoo again!? My pass is almost gonna expire! Haha
Urgent plea for those not wanting to collect sigs to help with data entry at 110 King in Madison. Contact
I have you living life like you should, you never had it
I am potentially looking for another writer for the EntreprenOriole. If interested, DM or Email me at
Why is Square One by the story of my life...
Tired of games, i just want something real.
Young Sinatra...anyone?
so mom and dad said we're gonna get me pet Lovebirds c: <3
yes! and a medium.
I can't help my sexy super powers.
Colorado GOP declares Rick Santorum winner---
pale space shapes <U+25B2> galactic laser show <U+25B2> sparkleprince
Going to see Joe Rogan tonight at Cobbs in San Francisco!
that's true xD but maybe, thats probably why though.
RT : well then get the hell off twitter (sung to the tune of 'take a load off annie') ...
Is it your birthday?
#ItsCrazyHow good french fries taste with a big chocolate milkshake! Yummy=)
#teamfollowback I really need more followers :D
IM SORRY IM TO LAZY TO PUT OF MY PICS FROM FACEBOOK!!! ill do it when i have time.
Sry.. website URL: www.prettylittlethingsthemovie.com
''ima tell little luis to come, then all the hoes will be there, he only got one dick.... the other girls are for me''
I'll try and think of a great story angle for you. Maybe how to have fun in Tahoe without snow.
Thx for the RT ! #pdxplan supports education and partnership w/
Watched a woman slap her man because she dropped her own iced Coffee. I watched him dry off and leave her there! Can I get ur autograph man?
Dear Woody, don't f this up.
RT []: People in the inner city of Milwaukee want jobs and don't want to be ignored between elections.
Thanks Jen! :) But you are too!!!
moving now
The best that anyone has EVER had, ever. And ever.
#TheFiveAt735 is coming up! I have tickets for you to come hang at the #LastSummerEverJam after the number 2 song!
Happy New Years Tweethearts! May 2012 bring you peace, happiness and abundant joy.
Hey! It was so nice to meet you! :) Let's stay in touch. Are you attending any parties tonight?
I want to be the white man’s brother, not his brother-in-law
next time we cater and you're around, we'll be sure to bring a little extra for your bowl! :)
Michelle Obama "keep fighting the good fight"... dang she stole my favorite charge to the blue team. No turning back!
“: curious about ? call the hotline and chat with one of the students now! (877) 817-4190” I just met !
I should get myself ready
My new favorite song! It lives in my head now. And it's not even a full song! Garrrrr!
good tired as hell lol
Wait til I get my money right...
I think May 14th or 15th but I'll make sure for you.
Just 30 bucks for a 1 hour massage at the Relaxation Oasis, only on www.crowdclick.com!
but its important that you understand the contract. I highly recommend understanding how royalties works.
i know so idk sigh
Go Skins!!!
omg. Hell no. That shit was ridiculous. Yes, no accidents. Aghhh
do it! I'll be at the concert! She can come party.
In Leominster chuck chillin on this Beautiful Day <U+2600>
Thx for the Sunday love Big Leo!
Where the fuck is ??
8 weeks out, gonna get down to 145 lbs this week, this weight is slowly gonna come off
Thanks for the RT! Have you had a chance to attend any of our Chicago skill sharing LearnIts?
I bet! Enjoy it!!
By the way Apple documentation and sample projects are really clear and complete.
I'll pretty much watch paint dry in a suite. I'm a casual fan of the band, but I haven't heard a song by them that I don't like ...
:)RT : This Blackhawks fan thanks you for being amazing. #GoKingsGo!
well victim this..*does the harlem shake well shaking all the items (outta your hello kitty bookbag) onto the floor. Muhaha
May i get a follow? Much love. Dr. Spanish
i havent talked to you since the dark ages -__- how you been
Who are you sending your love to today?
awww! You're so sweet
Max payne 3 need 2 hurry up and save me from boredom
3 other MAJOR STAR Strasberg/Adler "Method" patsies also badly lost their minds: Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift, James Dean.
Yankee Candle #GrandOpening this Friday, March 9th
Tommy's ex has more to say. Yes, SHE kept going!!! Hear more from his ex-fiancee NEXT! 222-6000
Just saw the previews from PALOMA's shoot for ATOMICA Magazine. You are going to LOVE.THIS. #film!
seriously. Crazy world we live in.
ok, so i think this whole vegan/teetotaler lifestyle agrees with me.
Anyone going to Columbus Ale Fest this weekend?
“: Apparantly voluntary and mandatory are synonyms....”
lol. :) Yeah, I can tell! #teamNiley :)
with a tie
I hate your nipples. They look like peach-colored mountain tops.
Urgh! I wish today was MY Friday.
Hey Chicago! We're back tonight, with ! $15 manicure + martini, 10pm, punk/r'n'r by Melissa & Lisa, tonight at !!
Thanks ISBA for bringing women judges and lawyers to wonderful Mt. Vernon program, Women in the Judiciary
i love justin bieber
I need a man in my life
Plus, #LilWayne often pushes kids' academic literacy and their concepts of it a lot further than their ELA teachers do.
When I'm asked if I want a copy of my receipt I say "Of course!", then stare the cashier down as I eat it.
(AP) -- Maryland governor signs measure legalizing gay marriage, joining 7 other states and DC
the moon always looks rad!
Doing karaoke with two male alto singers is like ok let's do Adele all night long just don't let me sing.
u look way better than flocka
So if tracking whats up in the US and Asian markets, take a peek at my book on trading the Bond and Futures Markets, big moves happening now
Magic<U+0092>s Fat Guy: Trust Dwight Howard
Like when you cheated on your wife? RT: Faison: NC must not follow other states that have pushed through immoral policies
justin Has Real Talent
Pension protests block Guinea CBG bauxite factory
RT : Common sense is one of #Capricorn most valuable assets
Happy Leap Day! Were you born today? Let us know!
A good margarita, a good red wine, I like expensive alcohol, but not a lot of it. I don't like to throw up. ~ Denise Richards
OK. Godaddy is back. Must have been your magic touch. Thanks!
he didn't & it's bc of how poorly we were treated there. offered to play both in Indy but IU too afraid.
take a walk around Lake of the Isles when the sun comes out.
First day of school for my youngest. Just started 6th grade...and so proud...
Thoughts and prayers to everyone in the Dallas area.
Woah, since when can you edit the transcription in Google Voice. That is handy!
Happy Birthday !!
Hey, Valya, thanks for the RT! I appreciate your support.
love it! Thank you so much ;)
Buy your Mar 25-27 Baltimore Salsa Fest full passes for only $110 on 3/11 @ Salsa Block Party. Details www.baltimoresalsablog.com
Dreams r our fruit of life, its our job to make them alive, once we stop having them we stop living and start dying. Chance your dream
Excited to be at the Chick-fil-A Leadercast! Updates to follow...
That will get her 6,286 new followers...lol..=)
Don't hate haha
I think brownies are meant to be under-baked. Yum.
I'll let you off bro
That IS interesting! My son says it and he's mid 20s so I figured you couldn't be MUCH older...
Decided to add one of my own - #blackpeoplemovies- True shrimp (scrimp) & grits.
Ah--twitter confusion! You're disturbed by my post on T.H. I do like their sweaters, though.
*le roll out door*
had a great night with a good friend - saw Pirates and loved it, dined at the Franklin in SB and loved it, but the company was the best!
is in the building. Money well spent #ringofhonor all day
Listening to a Lunch Marketing webinar with and !
Ok just making sure RT : yes :))) just sayin
Oh em gee Becky! THE NEVER ENDING STORY! xD
Not knowing is part of the adventure!
Getting ready to interview Kidd Kraddick in the NewTek booth at NAB!!!
needs to come get his gift.
RT : Lisa Valentino: Take your Money out of AdNetworks. Most of them will be gone in 12 month.
Good morning Twitter friends!! I hope you all have a wonderful day!! Going to make some tea and get this day started!!!! :)) !!
Seeking real estate agents for San Jose, Ca...expanding our offices please tweet info.....
bc I was blessed ... lol jk I prob. Know who u are talking about though
Less than 7 minutes left in the first half -- Hurtin up 105-32 over
Official oh look out velcro belt coming to a Walgreens near you.
Fuck Wit Me Like Ya Stuck Wit Me
Excited for this Satuday in Cincy!
#Summer2012 is getting closer and closer :))
It was an ugly morning. BUT - SPRING IS COMING! Do you have any Spring traditions that you’re looking forward to?
she's the sweetest taste of sin
Yah, I just followed you.. and this is crazy.. so here's my tweet, so FOLLOW ME MAYBE? ;)
Judging a person does not define who they are, it defines who you are.
What a night at surrender... Make sure to come check us out tomorrow!! Only
Busy with Liz mixing and editing Sometimes Sweetness songs. Shannon busy doing some writing.
Even creepier- I read your tweet the same time that verse came on. For realz. LOL!!
Hit up the #SocialGood folks They may be of assistance. :D
shower + nap.
(jen) My six year old LOVES our latest animation project, so at least it passed THAT test.
Such a shame, not a looker in the bunch
I never went to prom.
Do not get on 205 south. I repeat. Save your sanity and do not take 205 south.
I cant wait for the beach.
Drake did not performed at the grammys he would if kiiled it
a do anybody know if that new teen wolf come on tonight
Agreed... almost everyone at the offices uses them as well.
right u are! Thanks! I checked my commorative teacup
Burk: Civil Society and Media Development program at USAID is a means to spreading community messages, engaging in governance
I'm hoping Inmar announcement will bring some more IT talent to the Triad area. (and drive up some salaries)
it's not my fault the iphone autocorrects :(
Red Dawn, the first movie I ever watched on VHS. The Right Stuff was the second.
..it's Friday.. Just got out, just got paid, my mans out of town.. What kind of trouble can I get into? Lmao! ;) 0:)
I would just embarrass myself in a 5-aside, I bet I would be decent at penalty kicks, tho. CC
no, sir. Not bad.
I'm in the car , you can call me !
Thanks for the promo!
Thanks for your tweet! Just wanted to let you know that 1000memories is a free site... we hope you give it a try!
THAT'S WHAT I ASKED
For the first time in a very very long time, i couldnt fall asleep for my nap.
OMG ...WE can't wait! This SATURDAY is FRUIT OF THE SOUL !!!!! Amazing Food, Drinks, Live Music and MUCHO ART. www.fruitofthesoul.org
I haven't kicked it with anybody fr fr
Austin is not following me o well he still is following my other account :)
CAN YOU PLESE WISH GOOD LUCK AT HER CHEER COMPETITION ON SUNDAY?!?!? I LOVE YOU BABE
hi! They have me trying to do a story on your sister today---do you know if she's around?
Finally decided! Giving up cursing for lent... It's not very lady like anyway +:)
"Threat" can apply to the more traditional thinking organization or individuals.
Beer Brats Tailgating #Brewers all the the best things in life
its cus harry lost his breath in the middle of his solo,last time it happened he got really upset we don't want it to happen again
hi guys. We arent a cult. We own part of the moon. But careful with EP...he is sly about tea.
can't wait to see the pics--& thanks again for the ride it was great to be in your space! #antennahosts!
Good morning!
You did?! Hahaha is he really like that or is he just a good actor? XD Yeah, we all know an old nasty grandma like that! :'D
In a fit of good intentions, I just joined the #OCW Consortium, , and Attracted more by humanities courses than CS.
cool!!! Make sure u post them I would love to see!!!!
Gotta find someone to help me improve my voice or even just sing along.
totally agree! And he's sexy!
As I look over at the beauty laying next to me sleep, my only thoughts is that I am the luckiest man alive. Thank you God for my angel.
thanks for not getting out tho.
HI! FYI - you are always the rockstar known as kgspecial to me. :-) Hope you are great!
Hey guys! Sorry I haven't been tweeting much! whats every gonna be up to today?! ;D
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
i didnt want this kind of icecream but it was good
The "Stand Your Ground" law should be renamed the "Legal Lynching Law."
Twitter, Y U NO SEND ME NOTIFICATIONS ON MY PHONE?
That green cake :p x.x >.<
And a fire!
Strawberries and Nutella in bed; tonight is ending way better than most dates.
they are
RT : #WI Union Chant: Governor Walker is a jerk! Give us our paycheck even though we won't work!
A4b: It's interesting that there are paid staff to monitor online social interaction of visitors but not so much in physical buildings
Hey SamsBeauty Fans!! Be sure to check out our jewelry. We have added new items.
Currently watching a live demo: " business one on #SAPHANA"
The weather lately is even more schizophrenic than usual for Seattle. What's next? Locusts? Fire and brimstone? Actual cats and dogs?
Light snow beginning to fall at on Milwaukee's south side.
Hey what's up guys? If you have a moment, check my friend for some awesome female fronted piano rock. She's a sweetheart.
good. I know! We played phone tag like it was what's hot! Next time though for sure.. You good?
MUCH LOVE TO ALL OCCUPIERS! Stay peaceful. The world is ready and watching!
Thanks for the tips. I'm not as pissed off today...
On the way to Ohio for a minute
CJ Wilson currently trending in the US.
taken just for you!
Bleach>Fullmetal Alchemist (both)>Naruto>Darker Than Black #favanimerightnow (not of all time)
oh damn it :( thanks :D
To the guy in the car infron of me.... You sure as hell know how to spit out a hoker... (However you spell it)
36 days with out a cigarette complete.
#BanzaiLoveYou Went Banzai for the first time yesterday. I am SO in love!
Is this gonna last forever?
Charmander, Squirtle or Bulbasaur? One of life's greatest decisions.
Out of the 5 Philosophies of education, I find myself siding with Social Reconstructionism the most.
Thanks for the #FF woof!! :-)
Thanks for the RT :)
incredible! Thank you so much for all your support!!!!
What happened to DevEatEmRight ?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I have some connections. Email me . Theprecisionagency.com
Yes, but in this alternate universe we also sound exactly like Tune-Yards.
would say tinychat but you said can't :'( sad face
The LimoLiner ride out of NYC is certainly bumpy. On the highway now, and it's relatively smooth sailing.
It's 4:20. Do you know where your Lungs are?
May 13 Amina Figarova sextet at the Bach Society in Half Moon bay, CA
Aww, can we have library outside today?
Concentrating on ya pain ain't helpin u get ova it¡
I don't know why, but I just randomly miss MASC State.
Me? Jealous? Of you? Ohh honey bless your heart<3
Face down, ass up, thats the way,we like to fuck
yea....I've attempted to check for grey hairs ....ha.
Well I'm going to bed. Night
I sent you an email and am waiting for a response. Please email me ASAP at
Best books I read in 2011: Unbroken, These is My Words, Room, Bossypants, Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Hunger Games, & Catching Fire. Yours?
ay shauty, will you go to da bauder senior fashion show wit me
Things don't always go as planned. That's the beauty of science.
Wine with junk food - yea or nay? If yea, what pairings?
awkward wave of jealousy over someone that will never be "yours".
Thanks for calling me sexy your sexy too sister
Thanks for spreading the word!
David Wallace died yesterday
Secret Society
just made a mistake w/ that one. The call was long, but it was fluid.
If it's moving there's a leak. A running toilet can waste 2 gallons a minute. Check by adding food coloring to the tank without flushing.
nah, I was born in Chicago, and raised in North Carolina
One year at #GSU for me!!!
Headed home to get to this game! Go !
what happened? :~(
you lose. Half of y'all showed up.
Are people liking the kinder, gentler Howard Stern on America's Got Talent? Not enough edge, or just right?
It's crazy how we don't realize what's in store for us in the future and it's all up to us.
Be yourself and be heard in your own unique voice
all do it.
Wow--random and interesting
Want to WELCOME Shaunna Baldyga and Rosey Mattson to THE INNOVATIVE FITNESS TEAM!!!! We are so excited to have you!!!!
Do you get annoyed when self-proclaimed Social Media experts don't really "use" social media the "right" way? Just sell their services?
today's payday, and i'm about to get me new license for my 21st.
#3WordsForYou let's talk now :)
rave where
what the hell i thought loki was played by jared leto and now i find out it's tom hiddleston
RT : When your mind says "Give up" Hope whispers "One more try"
”Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.” - Albert Einstein
Why won't Obama do something about the price of Mike & Ike's at this gas station?
"Accept whatever you're doing and just exist or stop talking about what you used to be and do something completely different"
wel, the stuff coming out about concussions is scary, and the economics have always been crappy for schools in general.
The future belongs to those who give the next generation reason for hope. -Pierre T De Chardin
#Meryl Streep just hooted at her make -up artists. So that's when you know it's going to be a good night. --- ale
i swear i stay so throwed, on an hourly basis
Fake Perfection book launch was a huge success! Thanks to everyone who came to the party! W.fakeperfection.com
Zaphod Beeblebrox #andypoll, Fight Club edition: If you could fistfight any figure in literature, who would it be? Answer & RT plz
Heading to GWU to mess with ; if he thinks things are moving too fast, wait until he sees the engagement puppy I got him.
what Columbus hood are you in?
For all the latest breaking #laxgrad2012 news, follow live tweets from
if you need to vacate from hurricanes and earthquakes, I'm down in MS right now with an open guest room!
Yes I use the subway if I can walk the traffic gets too crazy for a taxi
congrats to the Rangers
<U+2764><U+2600> LOVE MY FANS COME VISIT ME<U+2763><U+2600><U+2765>
San Quinn shoulda signed me..typin out loud
Sometimes like Butterflies is a fave of hers that I <3. Dusty Springfield covered it, too.
no thank god, plus I took a vitamin C
What do you want in 2012?
iPic theaters are lame as hell. IMHO. Just walked out in pure frustration.
What a beautiful freaking day
Don't worry you look 20 something. Age is just a number as long as you take care of yourself and don't act like an old fart.
RT thank you. I am flattered. And yes I will “: Follow me back Scott? you're beautiful <U+2665>”
Anyone else notice the frightening giant army guy?
have you heard about our top secret international super star dj at First Night?
Are you familiar with Global Geography? I'm guessing no.
RT : Today in 1866 Pres. Johnson vetoed Civil Rights Act & sent explanatory msg to Senate; Congress overrode veto in Apr.
hardy beat angle with a Swanton from the top of the cage. Gail beat Velvet. Crimson beat morgan. coming up Storm vs. Roode.
Ah… I love March in Colorado. Had morning coffee out on the deck, a warm morning. Now it is sleeting - wait, the sun is out...
Please is all mine!Thanks and enjoy!
yes it's nowhere near as brilliantly acted
No Arbitration / K-Rod is back to pitching / the pre-Axford slot
"Allie stinks. Put it in the stick. Put it in the stick. Yeah!"
Hey there! Right back at ya :D Happy humpday!
#leanonme feeling a change in the weather, a change on the horizon.
thanks bro! I appreciate it
RT Rapper Heavy D Has Died
Wish I could have made it...looking forward to checking it out! RT : Opened up last night for PASIC attendees - great event!
Can you send me the link to triathloner with Lymes, please.
We can help you market those properties locally and globally. Use this code US270911 when listing and it is 100% free.
John P. Kee " Standing in the need of Pray"
sadly, i'm not THAT well-connected. haha! it's young frankenstein, an oldie but a goodie!
when filing
he's here until friday.
ha. But what will we use for the all-access pass?
I feel like someone should do a sexual physics rewrite of sexual healing now
I need a new texting buddy!!(: #number?(;
trying to brainstorm things for my next video called "i love people." this is so hard omfg
Big day for me, all piled up and all done, now i can relax and watch all the Pats hype. Bring it home!
This week took forever. 11 days til schools out. Hallelujah. Hahaha
Wow. When Visual Studio 2008 decides, "It's gonna be funky in the editor," it's *really* going to be funky. Tab key doesn't work? Really?
Well. Watching basketball game, kinda napping and baking. You?
Remind me. Im old I forget shit. RT Dear god Hahahaha I told you a birthday present you can do already ;)
Have you thought about enjoying the lifestyle instead of making a living? If you have a same feeling as i have, please msg me.
:; we're on it Mahesh!! that was an awesome discussion.
How's our #NYC Music Video editing coming along EB?
The life you see me living is not mine, but it is lived by faith in the Son of God, who loved me & gave His himself for me. Galatians 2: 20
Okay, just retweeted a #catvideo, time for some fresh air & the soothing sounds of the Sand Point storage facility
we know your home skips, pick up the phone skips
Thinking about your garden? Do you know which squash has a mostly green exterior - acorn, butternut, or spaghetti?
Happy Holidays from ConnectedMedia www.Connected-LA.com www.Connected-NY.com
Tori Hunter mouthing "wow" after Ibanez's HR is amazing.
My 25 year-old son told me today that he likes Gayle King. That's one thing we have in common! LOL.
You're color deaf.
Seriously?! Snowing again in Denver. Enuf already, God.
Romney: "'Even Jimmy Carter' would have ordered bin Laden attack". Translation: Dems are tough!
Showing the gfriend how to tweet. Yr my fave tweeter.
i just want to get as far away from here as i can
ditto - but happy. LIfe is good on this end. What's going on in yours?
yeah I love cotto followed him since day one -don't really like Floyd - But it is what it is he is the best
where have you been hiding? No love no mas?
fundraiser assembly today at school. im ready to sell those frggin magazines HOLLAAA
what is your favourite line/lyrics of any of their songs?
The soul is entirely more like something always the same than it is like something not always the same-Socrates, Phaedo 79e
Fuck wit me bitches
Some things you can't unsee, but then again,maybe you don't want to either.
Vodafone, Largo End Merger Talks - Wall Street Journal
I kicked the gym's butt this morning!!
Pool people work fast :)
I won't. My gas station is down riht now anyways. System crashed :(
they probably already think you're creepy...
how is this not considered a broken game? Reviewers should give 1's or incompletes.
I'm a sucker for interactive maps with plotted data points...
i can go if you want (:
me too.
Scared money dnt make money
nikkkki looks beautiful!!
Good Morning! It's Friday! What a Fantastic week! What are your plans for the weekend? We have the Werst Halloween Party tomorrow!
My nephew will be 11 tomorrow....I am gonna cry! He's like my own
Lady is rockin a gold lame top at the gym. Power shirt?
if you hit the salary cap in less than 12 players u can only sign d-league players
Thank you Jayhawks for a peaceful night of sleep
Go t-dog we love ya good luck at dance !!!!
Stand up guys! Not #TwitterOutcast RT ": Thanks man. About to walk on stage. I'll try to fill you in ltr."
shin splints <<<<<
Stay up-to-date with the latest Diet & Exercise news, information, community postings with our email newsletter
1 month till the Baltimore invasion!! Are you coming down to the Inner Harbor with us??
Thank you and much love, can't wait for next year!
Find out what's in that mysterious note! Two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
if this is how the brewers whole year goes its gonna be exciting, stressful, and probably but hopefully not disappointing
Today has been a rough day.. Lets hope my second job will he better
I know..you've told me<3(:
Today we commemorate the life of the Holy Martyr Anysia (on Dec.30 old style) and Holy Martyr Tatiana (Jan. 12 new style)
Hey i got my white Iphone4S its so cool :D
- actually I did at first but you have to dive into it to love it.
hungry again..
You too!
I'm mad these niggas dealin right infront of me
:( it's never ending.
Ding ding ding! Less intimidating on a plate. Top of the food chain FTW.
Told you The Chara Jinx was in!!!!! Squeeeeeeeeee! #CAPS!
take an hour to treat your body, mind and soul. I recommend a glass of wine while taking a bath.
that'd be to sick!
Good luck, Eric. RT : Weird and surreal moment seeing myself on the austin city council ballot. I just vote!
That's a great line. I hope you're using this for something more than a tweet.
not watching then...
gettin' ready for school! (:
Enjoying an IPA What is your favorite watering hole in LP?
Welcome to Twitter!
Seriously, why do people pronounce it "Wesconsin"?
I once got "You will be hungry soon. Order take out now."
Ahh thank you!! Very cool to see it on there. Definitely a first for me.
Lmao. I just have one question.... Where did Derek Bieber come from?(:
The reply from Mitt Romney was an
keep telling people about your spouses sex and someone other than you is going to feel it.
wat u been on
time for a glass of milk :)
well its raining
It's the last day of finals today! The library looks and smells lived in. I always forget how horrible finals are.
#thingslongerthankimsmarriage Star Wars
you really need back to break down this Tebow race factor. Nobody breaks it down better.
I scouted that division in 2011 & from discussions thought he was going to Padres with Erlin.
If you think you can do it better than they can, you are probably right. But proving it is the best revenge ever.
Darn it, I think I reinfected myself with a Glee obsession.
Can it be My turn to get Noticed by you? Please? I just want you To know about my Existence.
my dads gonna get in an accident like that.. he needs to stopbeing a bitch.
If you only had a short time left to live, would you change anything about your life?
Why don't you find a cause that helps people, you are closeted? That's what they say about your type.
Ouch.. RT : ohh good comeback loser -_- get the fuck out of here
You need to re-release Beer League in 3D, like Titanic. You'll make millions like James Cameron.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Car fire 94EB 258.5 near Lake Mills. Right lane blocked. Use caution in area.
Thank you. I had no idea...
So excited for you to come over!!!
Do you have songs that you need to have copyright. Contact MEA.
oh cool did ya get it done yet?
I'm bulletproof, nothing to lose
I know lol it's so messed up. If you're a chick liking a guy getting out of a relationship you're a ho.
The only Mexican I know is Mexican food. *hair flip* \(u-u)z RT : I don't speak taco *poker face*
Today is going to be a great day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Interesting - #IWillAlwaysLoveYou on tonight - assuming they didn't edit in this part since Saturday
"RIP Chris Brown" and "Best Valentine's Day Ever" are both Twitter trends. I'm not saying it's a coincidence... but I'm not saying it isn't.
#time2builddaSTACK!!! Let's do this
Convinced that I use LinkedIN correctly by not 'connecting' with people I don't consider to be ACTUAL connections.
Does Victoria Secret have a black model limit? Only 2 in the show?? WTF??
what was that math site again?
Four day weekend begins in 7 minutes...woot!
#birdemic I'm hoping a bird will see my tweet!!LOLOLOL!!
myspace, smoking.
Lawyer found in contempt in court of #SweetGenius . At least he knows love is everywhere.
The myth is strong because the need is strong.
how about the NFL's 'biggest bust?'
THE SHORTEST MATCH IN DANIEL BRYAN'S CAREER!!!
I reserved my ticket! :)
At #uwebc marketing meeting. Nice slide from Shoutlet showing effect of overlaying marketing activities onto results to make decisions.
should be killing Dallas but for crappy decision making.
worth it!
haha I'll be sure to stop by there!
Go follow
nothing punk ass nukka ;)
good morning. No. I did the dishes and laundry this morning though.
Haha, listening to you guys while chillin in computer animation class!
"Oh lord please don let me be misconscrewed." is what she said. I promised I wouldn't.
Wait, is it today? Or yesterday?
Nice meeting you! Thanks for your advice, btw, I used it to go shopping yesterday!
I just told my avid teacher bout my son for the first time im scared of her reaction n how shes qonna take it.! Well see.!
Happy Monday tweeps! **smile**
Hola to my favorite faux scrapbooker!
You know life is good when you're still at work at 11:30pm on a Friday night.
Watching American Idol from last night. Joshua Ledet is my boy. He is my boy!
RT : I will sing to the Lord as long as I live; I will sing praise to my God while I have being. Psalm 104:33
Only two days left to get your $23 tickets to Elitch Gardens. Enter "PINKINTHEPARK" in the promo box at elitchgardens.com
perhaps I oughtn'nt've deterred you from your path.
I want to go to The Avengers tonight. Ok, maybe not the movie but just the red carpet, intro and q&a. I have a cape!
Watching US-Japan in World Baseball Classic semis on ESPN. Sorry, college basketball fans, I love THIS game!
Guy just handed in his final paper and told the professor, "I forgot to save before I printed that out. So... Don't lose that."
why just okay? Lol
#NeverTellAGirl she's fat.
my main people don't want to take shots with me
i think were have a 16u A team and im gonna play for them
Great game!!! Not bad for a BCC team that had never played together.
Great to see you too Emily. Let me know if you try the cress! I'm making spinach quiche today for dinner!
In europe.:)
lamest #yolk tweet ever. Mise well say. Watching paint dry!
Big game tonight for the #FloridaPanthers Hockey! Let's go Cats! #NHL Playoffs
yo bet I will
Just got my order from !! LOVE these sexy workout outfits!
NOBODY PUNCH A FIRE HYDRANT AFTER THE GMAE!!!
It's pretty sad the direction Crossfit went with Reebok. They could have done a lot more to help people but seems to be all about $$ now.
Well, good morning folks!!
Why did they have to update twitter!?
thanks for the tip!
So whats good twitter world
Im ok... lots to say, just not here. Lol Monday?
I definitely need to lay off the coffee, sugar and carbs. My heartburn is back with a vengeance.
typically the -ical would be left off the word; maybe word symmetry with alchemical lead the author to choose the -ical form?
Kneeling Clydesdales? Afraid my sentimentality meter's going to blow today.
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs dudes to busy thinkin with our dicks instead of our heads..women cuz they think about openin their legs.
RT : Dirk on Game 4: "It's basically a must-win situation."
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful moms out there!
REST IN HEAVEN ELIJAH JEROME MATHIS!!
Thanks for the RT Know any #Albuquerque Public Schools that need some fundraising help? ...
can u tell me what is alli's background? i cant see :D
So proud of our Rev Sammy Sam Sam!!! Love You girl!!!
Super awesome to meet you tonight! Good luck with the rest of the tour!!
can't wait for Saturday then <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Come thru the gates 2 his Temple givng thanks to him. Enter his courtyards with songs of praise. Honor him & bless his name. Ps.100:4 (ERV)
Convenient downtown SF locationCall for free phone consultation
Oh my good goodness gracious me oh my!!!! #TheAvengers is frakkin' #AWESOME!!!!!!
It still amazes me to see tens of people in public suddenly stop, look up to the sky with a smile and say "wow!" when the sun appears. Nice!
:( i feel your pain, a-moron
true with slight correction: I know how to properly rest/ unwind so I work even better :)
Rain is beginning to move into Milwaukee County. The severe threat is gone, but still some heavy rain out there.
INVISIBLE BEHAVIOR New Bridges Ballet joins Sylva Dean And Me as a part of Derrick B. Harden's BLK XMAS Oct 10 at Lyons Weir Project Space
i am great actually! im just hungry :p what about you?
Online ordering deadline TODAY for Treasure Box economical food program - 40 locations in San Diego - menus online www.thetreasurebox.org
There should be a trophy for worst tweet of the day.
On the road to
All these girls in my school calling Harry, Henry. LOL.
Phillies can win WorldSeries.If it rains for the next 4 nights,then CliffLee starts Game 6,rain 4 more nights, Lee starts game 7.
That's way too much money for 1 person. But I suppose I can find some stuff to do with it. :-)
Make Extraordinary Desserts a destination for your holiday shopping! Our exclusive cookbook, tablewear, and chocolate bars make great gifts!
if you're in L.A. i could take you to this sushi place in North Hollywood. Its Bumm!!!
23 Straight at home! Go #RedWings!
traditional industry didnt need influence scores. How can u set standard if u dont know the industry
Why isn't there a PHotovine app in the Android Market? I mean, isn't this a Google product???
The jackhammering outside my office window could not be more poorly timed.
Get the wedges! And no, I didn't know about the sunglasses. They're SO cute!
How did I get talked into being a pregnant ninja tonight? What's your #Halloween costume, peeps?
school is def back in session the gym is packed morning seshes from now on
I will be doing the same thing! Michael Buble, wine and decorating my tree ;)
Oh it's a GOOD Friday!
Thanks man, you're a good guy.
Studying educational philosophies and curricula: Reggio Emilia, Montessori, IB, Khan Academy, etc. No one has all the answers.
I was tryin to listen tht's a BS show ppl blaming when we only loose but not giving credit when we win
Both hands!! totally surrendered.
NEW SONG COMING TOMORROW!!!
I gotta pray that I pass this geometry sol today. *cross my fingers*
very cool. An congrats to
As Pinterest grows, more and more brands attempt to find a use for it. Do you think Pinterest will be an effective marketing tool?...
They ask the kids if they want to go to school or come to a game...they said come to the game, that's weather day.
It's fascinating how the art world is just like the world itself; boring and repeating itself infinitely!
You gotta expand on that, my man. Rights aren't deserved, they exist prior to the state. Btw, started my nite w/Laphraoig
nun hoopn n work
Sometimes you have to be clear with people when getting a point across. For example, that butt lift looks stupid.
followed her(:
No idea.
wil lyou please make me very happy and follow me & !!! PLEASE DUDDE!
LOL...see it's not just me AB!
Love it! Thank you
how many times are we going to get yelled at ?? Is this prgrm problems?or tim problems!?
Nothing worse than a nosey ass guy...
I feel horrible! I hate being sick
I got ID at wild wings cuz I asked for a Coca cola.
just moved to Locust from Fells. Where are you??? And yes on drinks!
I know I keep talking about it.. but I'm so ready for this next project, it's not even funny. The shit I didn't say before, I will say now.
Come on let's get it guys
I absolutely love yours too! It's gorgeous<U+2764>
THANK YOU for the FF! XOXOXO J
sure can't! we need more beer dudes in funny hats content! that's what vixens want!
meditation is not my thing.
That was a fun party.
That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on facebook and you look like you’re talking to yourself.
If I walked through your door, where would I be?
Don't charm to harm, unless,you want to!
Lord. I need to put my hair up.
I love how instead of saying "stop talking" my spanish teacher says "stop flapping your gums." Lmaooooo
2.5 hours between VA and OR? If only! ;)
I wouldn't call myself hardcore... but if it runs the risk of hurting her I won't do it.
RT : Wait. Im supposed to shave my legs? ;) Just feeding your CA sterotype, girls. >> ROFLOL
Two years with my baby, in so glad I have you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Comedy is very controlling - you are making people laugh
Thanks for the #FF ! Autumn in #SanDiego is beautiful - it's our second summer!
i am going to watch the movie the stepfather the new movie
How may days im go wait/How long im go wait/before u say we go date/when u go take the bait/but if u dnt take it i bet another girl will/RNS
how I switch sides I ain't said nothing bad bout my baby
Triple axels and shit. Ice skating with
- Wanda, you rocked last night at the Kessler!! Thanx so much 4 greeting the fans afterwards - wonderful 2 C U N concert!!
i want to but i wanna be able to stay in school if a war pop off they gon take my ass out
Follow !!! Why??? He is awesome, he is SWAGG, he will keep you entertained, he is great to talk to, he will be a good friend
oh, and of course the first tweet from you w/TFF and photos from the MCN workshop. :)
I miss so much! Soo lonely without you!
awww. There are a few around, but mine's an OG
Get ready CrossFitters! RT : Heard is stopping by this week!!!
#2ThingsIAppreciate Friends and Loved ones.
Great meeting with our contributors today!
Happy Thanksgiving!
You act all hard on twitter, and at school you ain't shit (;
I know you guy are coming to Indy soon, but that's not close to my house!! So come to either kokomo or Lafayette!!!
Now soldiers, march away and how thou pleasest God, dispose the day.
I hear #pizza #nurse #yogurt #cliffdiving #salsadancing but no #twitterfilming dates/locations =D
What did Rex Huddler just say about Puerto Rico? My goodness. What a dum dum.
China has the world’s oldest calendar. This lunar calendar originated in 2600 B.C. and has 12 zodiac signs. It takes 60 years to complete.
SWOP is doing a similar project to your 'respect' project, just found it today, AWESOME!!! Have you seen the steppingstone.com?
Thanks. You rock!
“We fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like first lovers & protect each other like siblings. We're meant to be. <U+2764>”
I hate negative ppl they always got something negative to say
I will be following everyone back as soon as twitter lets me. This ratio of follwers to how many I'm following is STUPID!
what up ma this ya PARTYBOYDJ DJ KENZO A NIGGA FUXX WIT YA ,SEND ME SOME OF YA TRAXXS TO
The Jets Fail Late, Tebow Leads Broncos to Win
Ramen Noodle you say?
Listen to KBUC - 102.1 in South Texas to hear my interview and a peek listen at my upcoming songs.
Dear Santa, please bring me the contents of my local West Elm store for Christmas - or just a giftcard would be nice too! Not picky! JK :-)
Best chat #reference question so far today: "Can i get my belly button pierced if i have mono?"
We couldn't agree with you more. We understand that it's a terrible inconvenience, but we are continuing to work on it.
Trey songz too fine!
“ If I kiss you in public than you mean something !”
>>>>>> Been great so far. Been off for bout a hour now. Just greeting you Ma'am :)
Kids Safety Day at the Family Fun Center in Wilsonville this weekend... we'll be doing free Safe Assured Kids ID Kits! Starts at Noon!
There's really such thing as National Chocolate Chip Day?
When Al Davis passes, you know it has to be deep. RIP to a true football legend.
And you'll be a better man for not doing it! RT Has never done the Dougie. And don't plan to. And I'm at peace with that.
uh yeah wah iz dat supposed to mean you don't believe me? And thanxxx for making me look dumb foo!!!! Lol
She's a foot dragger
ah the iPad auto-correct is great..
I've broken into our Twitter account and I'm taking you on my adventures with me from now on! P.S. This is Glenn
Following you via Looking forward to your tweets!
My mind will be closed all weekend due to Irene.
The wicked man flees though no one pursues, but the righteous are as bold as a lion.
I was talking about y'all
Hanging out in Queens room- Carl Fisher band-cool! Trumpet player of my band Ernie Hammes joined 4atune-yes,he is a hell of a player.
Stop making me buy every nail polish you use!!
is on campus to deliver pre-ordered regalia and sale of #USF items. LTB Atrium
It sucks waiting for him to text you first because you don't want to be
Absolutely. A mid run review can seriously damage a good show because you begin focusing on the wrong things.
LOL....and one of the few not lip-syncing. ;-)
great post! New to Olioboards, thanks to fb share.
is such a classy boy. I think it's adorable how he is trying to bring back chivalry.
another OT. Here we go!!
RT : So excited about my most recent stop motion project - a sweet Valentine for Check it out here:...
#TheLuckyOnes is my two adorble kids
“: Big news for 4 St. Louis Chefs & James Beard Foundation!! CONGRATS!!
Shake it!! RT : every time you play Super Happy Fun Club I do a little dance XD
Need Business Space For Your Office/Store In Atlanta? Space Starts at $350/mo - Contact Donald 770-702-2044
book that flight asap!
Don't push the elevator button. I am standing here. I already pushed it
Why is upshaw dropping?
Need a 3 night, all inclusive vacay at Club Med Sandpiper bay? What about a new Manduka mat? You can win both!
saw a tweet about a guy's mom making #scrapplemac (Mac & Cheese with #scrapple). Isn't America wonderful?!
Reading Twitter gives me anxiety. Feels like I'm in a room full of people screaming what they are doing & telling me what I should do.
RT ' new freshmen representative is now on Twitter with a perhaps less than super-well-aging name: / <3
The #Packers beat the #Bears four times in 2011.
The key as always for Noesi will be the ability to change speeds & hit 93-94 mph with his fastball..
Suprised to admit it, but there's a strange sense of peace and satisfaction that comes with mowing the lawn on a Sunday.
I never realized how much I spent until today :( and now I wish I didn't lol
Home at last. Been a long week, but a good one!
As are we MT : Amber, super bummed about you having to withdrawl - hope all is well soon!
I am reading your book right now. My mom read it today & passed to me. We knew the Carey side of your family. (Jean/Al etc)
So #proud of my pumpkin :-) YoungandGifted
White and Black blazers just in!!!!!!!
. Look forward to seeing #Cleveland fans
The team hasn't gotten Convey and Zusi's cornerkick memo.
#civilwar FOTD. Born on this day in 1822, CSA Brigadier Generals Leroy Augustus Stafford and William Stephen Walker... (continued)
I cant sleep then you cant sleep. Im workin on yalls logo now so you need to find something productive! Lol
Am I the only one who eats pancakes and cookies for dinner? Lol(:
Exactly. And I'd never do that.
Destiny can eat shit and die.
It's never too late to find a mentor. Even as a CEO you need feedback just as those rising through the ranks need feedback.
I'm so done lol ..
Had an awesome time at Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits holiday party. Love the beer but was super excited to try the gin and whiskey!
bwuahahaaaa!!! omg you're cracking me up today! i actually thought about starting a pocket company! ....
Your back yayyy!!!...I think lols. #CONGRATULATIONS to you!! We have some catching up to do. Can't wait to see you:)
I am a terrible Foursquare user. I never remember to check in until I am on my way out.
I feel there might be in my future too. Om nom nom.
I'm stackin my money muthafucka, You can stack them broke ass bitches if you want to. I only stack rich bitches who give me money
i'm going to bite you.
My sister frinds out my shit.
John Gruden looks like Mrs. Doubtfire.
Bored, just got my laptop fixed, need more followers. Show some love and I'll do the same
Yea Sixers!!!! Come on home baby!!!
Give some luv friends!! Rocks!
Photos photos tears!!
Max, don't be such a tool this week.
same though omg fndskjfndsk i'll hug travoos for you
the internet is so fukin slow!
Seems like some TSA Agents can't be trusted. So much for the safety/security of our skies - stay prayed up!
Silence is golden lol
UGH Me too! Stupid Amazon STILL had not shipped mine! IDK how the hell I'm supposed to get it by Tuesday...
Just passed my dissertation defense! I'm now Dr. Sexton!
no matter how old i get i will still love justin!!!!RT i8f yu wil to!~:)
after spending $30 on stuff at Target, walk out, see a cloud & remember the original thing I had gone for was an umbrella
Went to the pool yesterday. Had a great time, and set for the year on the tan part of things. Ouch. '-.-
Getting schooled (literally) by University of Tulsa football coaches.
Adding you as a friend!
What a weekend! #TheHighlands, #DescansoGardens, and the #GeffenPlayhouse! I'm so ready for the week! Let's go, Month o' May!!
def sitting at my desk eating peanut butter out of the jar with a plastic knife. Classy.
#greysanatomy. Flare gun not working. Wow...didn't see that one coming. (pure sarcasm) I'm done with this show!
- thank you so much for the kind words... and for a fantastic evening!
Everyone looks hotter with a better smile :) 212-265-7150
Charles and I are starting a podcast tomorrow. If it goes well I'll add sex advice to it.
Thank you for unexpected shout out for
RT : "To ya it might seem I'm changing my direction..to me this is all I've been working for..."-A. Lee
Ladies please take care of yourself :) Sincerly- every guy in the world
That run was well needed<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
fuck outta here! RT : The fuckin Knicks SUCK ! I counted on the sorry ass team to override the Heat . Losers .
Thank you!
Feature request for next version of Palantir: bacon mode. cc
Will everyone on Twitter hate me if I say that I think maxi-dresses look like circus tents? I really hate those things.
#LiteraryEvent 5/10 7p (Murder by the Book): Author Kevin O’Brien #reads “Terrified” (Pinnacle)
Getting ready to take a tour of the stadium where the Arizona Cardinals play and where the NY Giants won the Super Bowl a few years ago!
ooh haha can u sent that vid to me?
ahhaha never give up on someone you care about... wat type of shit is that... LOL
i hate those nights when i can't sleep. i'm definitely gonna regret this in the morning. :c
It was a little while back... never mind. :)
I heard that Prince actually had a really terrible New Years Eve in 1999. After all that anticipation and pow! Food poisoning.
hehehe! you're welcome! hehehe! lets have another day like this again. ;)
Go to iTunes or Walmart and buy album "Tabloid Truth" if you don't ur missing out on HOT MUSIC!!!! Get there
Catch tonight on !
Heart breaking. So hard to leave my family. There's no place like home.
Not defending Vilma, but to find through Sportscenter... so wrong! smh
when will i be in justin's following list. -sigh- oh ya. nevurrr.
but he's mad at you.
She kiss u with the mouth she gave me head with... smh
If you follow the crowd you will only go as far as the crowd goes.If you lead then you will go as far as your dreams carry you!!
DM me your email bro. Preciate it
I didn't know Wilford Brimley & Andy Griffith were still alive. How is that possible?
hauptman's outside your window watching you. make sure he doesn't come in when you're sleeping
o i know what this is u wanna know y i names her that dont u???
genocide project with my love <3
Same here... blah. Excuses ;)
I'm telling you, this is the FIRST purchase I've made in since I was old enough to know better! lolz.
Alright if thats what you would prefer calling it
That's a heartbreaking shot of Robert Kraft as the pass falls incomplete in the end zone
Keep looking everyday for my future #library job, #reference or #childrenslibrarian can't wait for the start of this amazing career.
Sometimes I think: Why is so Awesome? PS: You're my Idol, guy !!
MediaProCamp will be at Lawrence Tech. University and held in the Buell Management Building in Room M218. Free parking will be in Lot C.
Cambridge Semantics Wins Best in Show at 2012 BioIT World Conference - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Fear the beard.
Wish i had something to do !!!
Very cute!
Damn Corey threw the ball right to me and it went in and out of my hand!
They have many loyal fans here. Plus they went through a ton last year
I keep wondering why Dora & Boots keep saying, "Swiper, no swiping!"! Just pull a bat out of the Backpack and start crackin' skulls.
RT : #truth “: There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.”
With 12th person given immunity in #WalkerGate criminal probe, will #WalkerFailure answer ?'s about why he has legal defense fund?
MT Chad Gaffield, SSHRC President: 21st century innovation demands "understanding human behavior", not just widgets
Hiya doll! Just leaving, but was going to call you later today - you up for a catch up chat?
This is it...the good Doctor's final hour approaches. Wednesday 8:30pm - we will do our best not to turn anyone away.
ok ya le di MG
What day in Feb are we finding out?
Time for our Friday afternoon nap.. ~via Pleiadian Stars
aw, she had an acceptance speech meltdown
So what you doing :) ?
From school to the Airport from the Airport to D.R. cant wait
Monaco in the semis? What happens when one of the top four bails early.
Does this kid have a fucking name or what? Drop the coy bullshit already.
we're racist, against Hawaiians
45 hard cardio, abs & planks thanks Shaun for the fitness inspiration u rock & Happy bday!!
Johnson = Best sports broadcaster ever!
how are you gonna have an argument and then walk away?
Thanks for this, Paul!!
The medical term for a hiccup is a singultus.
My butt just twitched...
RT : SAG + AFTRA Merger. VOTE YES because it's the ONLY option for the FUTURE.... --> Agreed!
How are you hon? :D
I've been an 11:11 catching demon lately. Got like 30 wishes waiting to come true.
get the purple ice cream :D
Happy birthday beautiful
hey babes. I'm good. How's things at home man? Your daughter must be a proper young woman now boi. Lol
Please do. Love to meet a fellow bikeschooler. I lived in Los Angeles for 7 years also, so I'm sure we could swap stories.
I never got into that whole "planking" thing...but for some reason all my fb friends think it's the most hilarious thing on planet earth.
Whomp whomp<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> Guess its bedtime! Whoa tomorrow is Friday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
FML I have to wake up in 2 hours to get ready for school ._____.
Im a Good Man , just waiting for Wonderful Woman.
I'll have to read it later. But if they only interview dudes I'm gonna be pissed. I SO need to find a skateboard.
I love empanadas! we gotta work it out so that the mayor gets special discounts &
Enjoying discussions at #BT2Duke. Still find there's nt enough dialogue on economies of doing activist/intellectual/digital work...
oh you gotta love #HCO hahaa
Red is the worse!!
Well, there's one plus side ;)
Maybe the drinks slowed down the ceremonies...
Hmm. Someone is threatening legal action for comments on my blog. Anybody have precedents out there?
Women need preventative care!
I love you too beautiful!
Public transportation (especially the bus) is the best for hilarious people watching.
Stretch Marks Pregnancy Answers To Questions - Chad Peterson&#39;s ...
got ya
Canada is looking better by the minute. I like wearing jackets anyway.
A good software professional is an entrepreneur, an effective communicator, an innovator, a leader, a mentor, a student and a
Tech Issues on MomAdvocateTV today; SO SORRY Come see us everyone July 14th LIVE Show Featuring Empty Nest Expert Natalie Caine
giggle... If anyone needs to be Razzed about RT'g you... It should not be me! #I'mAFan :)
LOVE the summer work. Want to hear more. Will indeed catch up! Take care, Max!
easier 2 look like ghetto trash? Then don't wonder why nobody takes the lil white girl that thinks she's a rapper seriously
I am so utterly sad that I have now watched every episode of FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS. Puh-LEAZE make the rumored movie continuation....
I've been told that I look like Snow White way to much.
The Black Keys with
: some years more successfully than others... "Always knew tours controlled the weather."
Toptional is taking Vegas over. Let's get to it!
I think this is so cool. app directly for the idea "keep your friends close and enemies closer"
you bet - is representing ;)
- you're funny. you said non-sucky, facebook and android in the same sentence, implying similar context. now thats funny...
Value the people who sacrifice their something for you, because maybe that something was their everything..
Nope. I want a cat.
watching my favorite childhood movie
thanks Phil ! Sometimes duty calls ! Good meetings at least ?
We kinda feel the same, there is a lot of hype around this IPO.
Next #RedLine flash mob is coming soon...stay tuned!
To be fair to myself, my choices were that, "Breaking Dawn," and Suzanne Somers's "Sexy Forever Recipe Bible."
I miss coffee.
sweet!!!!! Is it cold there
Server overload! Awesome!!! We got a bigger server! Keep going!
thanks and a half!
k dude!
Sorry for my bitch fit twitter
She asked me the weirdest question ever o.o
The moment they low balled the Bucks for Bogut, I knew they were going after Howard or Gasol again.
how long?
I'm on top like the roof is
Wish me luck at my Talent Show TONIGHT?!!?? <333
I know! You think Oosthuizen's going to pull this one out?
recording this wknd & good time to finish those songs that need finishing! also new balkan gypsy tango band in the works stay tuned::
I will have conference realignment and early season event pages up and running at some point tomorrow, though.
good idea!! RT : , , what nxt ? We have to follow ALL states to win the cd?
I just participated in the Baltimore 48 Hour Film Project as an actor. Our screening will be June 22 at the Charles Theatre in Baltimore.
Your so dusty
Super stoked bout the Hip Hop house party this Friday! Hope to see you there!
Thx for the FF! Have a great weekend!
. yes, responding to customers...in the same manner they reached you...is key
I missed you so much -runs and hugs you -
a I'm a need u to not correct me lil ant capital ANN
| Please stop spamming
cool! I love the bird!! "I mixed soil and water then beat it with a whisk. Make sure your mud is not watery."
Queue up your questions now!
-- so happy finally chose a side and publicly stated that he supports gay marriage!
Need sleep O.o
I saw something that reminded me of you.. so I flushed the toilet and washed my hands.
I'll admit that I do have an incredibly large amount of work to do with my house, ha.
I LOVE YOU!!!! You are so talented and amazing, oh i love your accent<3<3 please please please tweet me back?!?!?!<3
Everybody go follow She's AWESOME, bubbly, cute, and OUTGOING! Please retweet this people and
>>> headed back to the lab now..
cmon b lmao RT": Phil Jackson rolling in his grave right now."
America, u suck. You are wretched. You are only going to get more wretched. What a shithole to live in. Heathens. -- Love, Fox debate
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 291
#ifonlyicould get to retweet or follow me my life would be complete
nice pick Cowher!
and gets cut off by exactly the music he was talking about
Hook'Em... Love seeing the Longhorns winning again!
Only create and use content you are passionate about
All New Ladies Night @ Ts Place 2713 E Lake Street ~ 21+ Ladies FREE COVER~DRINKS~PARKING TILL 11PM
Hey ladies please check out my youtube channel if you want to learn how to do makeup :) please subscribe and comment.. more videos to come
Hey “: Lookin for some punk rock. Tatted cool individuals. Men woman for a jean shoot tomorrow. Any takers?"
RT : : A's, Orioles "Most Interested" In Manny Ramirez #mlb Why would any team what him? He is a disgrace.
Mars trines the Sun tomorrow. Big energetic lift off. You start to clear up move aggressively forward in areas ruled by Virgo/Aries
#ThatsWhyYouAreLonely you couldnt pay your house on time, so now you have no home due to foreclosure :( Let me help you!
i'm thinking a kugle-off has to happen
Awesome weather today!
Relationships are overrated .. They have no meaning anymore .. They dont last #WhatsThePoint <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Yahoo health: S.Africa, Swiss firm Lonza in $211 mln drug JV
I want to see more Ed!
School, I don't want to go but I gots to go
New blog post: Why Oklahoma State Will Finally Beat Oklahoma in Norman #oklahoma, #football,
Loki powers: Super strength/durability, genius level intelligence, telepathy, teleportation, flight, shape shifting
Nice! Good luck!!
I didn't know what to say
I'm a horrible friend ! I'll make sure I see next time
Burp then eat more ;)
Yeah braves! Wish I was there tonight.
take em all.
Correction - from "The Crisis" RT These are the times that try men's souls. Thomas Paine
good words
Ok thanks to I am now officially hooked on Downton Abbey.
you know I'm always here if you need me. ya could call or shout me anytime.
i was jk i was drunk hahaha! Jk! Hell yes! Whole lotta chinagins going down!!!
all about that loyalty says alot
I hate Netflix. It keeps rebuffering
oh cool cuz I was like what the hell. glad to hear terrified can be good lol ;)
Brothers soccer game!
In North Carolina, you can marry your first cousin (heterosexually, of course). So, that should tell you something about North Carolinians.
I walked in the house she goes "girl you cute" lmfao
sounds like my dog. What breed is yours?
no. It's only a few. Maybe like 10/15
: I am not
Thanks Oli! Subscribers in the UK can win brand new bestselling Douglas Kennedy titles. You'll see when you get it!
I hope do more than 10 shows now that is back. Fingers crossed they come back here with him. ")
you are so lucky! i wish i was at disneyland! :)
15 working days to go!
When are they going to get rid of the British chick on the office? She is terrible.
come see me new year's eve at king plow arts center!! jamming with Priceless the kid! Going to be dope
are you alright? xx
I have a contact hangover from the guy sitting next to me on the train last night
Angry Birds are now in Chrome. They are trying to destroy productivity as we know it.
dude, ask the guy next to you!!!
We up NY this Saturday for 's event too!
Thanks for the shout-out. Here's hoping that you reached some new people!
What's your address, G? Gonna send out a couple of advance copies to friends today of the new rekkid.
I cannot wait for love, but if it's coming as fast as he did well, shit that's two minutes well spent that she spent with him
send me hate tweets for a video?
Very nice--congrats!
Getting ready for tonights shoot.
I do not feel good... Wish my baby ain't have ta work today..!!
BREAKING NEWS: Steve Jobs RESIGNS as CEO of APPLE!!!
awesome! We're already starting to think about next year.
He left me today.... I miss him.
Don't let anybody tell you that you're not loved. Don't let anybody tell you that you're not enough.
" she's a hoe? ; yes; but dat her business!"
Appetite for dystopia: Gary Ross creates a ruthless world in eagerly awaited 'Hunger Games'
I'm glad the Bulls are out. They play some shitty basketball that, quite frankly, I don't want to watch.
not bad -a little pitchy early on Jesse's noy bad
Come on in and get pierced!
Alright, I don't want to but I guess I'll give back its twitter page... I had so much fun! See you all next year!
Gear store is open today? Not sure what you're looking for exactly. Call me if need be :)
amen, sista! Also, we need another Skype date soon! Miss you mucho xoxoxoxox
<U+265B> Friend us at www.myspace.com/silentbobbandofficial
Fat chicks with tramps stamps << <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Omg!!! Hella crazy excited for the hunger games movie!!! Ah!!!
With my dad gettin ready 2 get dropped off...so bored
I will be on the Morning Blend tomorrow morning, or course talking LinkedIn. Be sure to watch or set your Tivo or VCR, should be fun....
Muldoon Pizza waitress: "Do you guys remember how many beers you had? You drank us out of Michelob light."
": I then been through so much relationship heartache , so excuse me if I have trouble letting my guard down ."
Part of living and growing up is experiencing unexpected troubles in life.
- I think we should all get together and perform something, in that case... #performinggeniuses ;)
Me: "I. Set. FIRE. To the rain! Watched it pour as I.. TOUCHED you face!" Sister: "Don't touch my face"
I know! We figured it was a sign, so we named him Lance :)
Picking the parents up from the airport in a lil bit. I tried and tried but could not convince them to fly into Burbank. Sons of bitches.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow or just in case you're in denial .... YES the Pacers did just beat that ass to go up 2-1
Which Oscar Party to hit up tonight???
Trent Richardson fumbled twice on 2 hand offs from Weeden. Twice. In practice. Lol
": come see me do some fabulous hair! " thx for coming
let me do your Hair
#ireallyhatewhen friends ask out too many guy for me cause it makes me feel stupid.
so i see you haven't followed me yet all i gotta say is whats up with that
Thanks man,appreciate it!
#PremierLeague 2011/2012 season of the racists... what a joke absolute
you can't give me the silent treatment! I give you the silent treatment!
#Blackhawks and Brent Seabrook are trending right now.
follow me please? you are soo pretty ^.< how are you today? :) i hope you have a great day<3
'cause you're there!
Textin' Brandan ((; He's the guy I met yesterday and he's just like me! We're trouble when you get us together ((x
RUN FOREST RUN...I was until I saw the replay. The folks in the stands obviously didn't see all of it.
A limited number of tickets will be available for those who want to participate in ghost investigations onboard the Berkeley + Star of India
But the parity!!..haha..
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know how brave I am
#S1DFest i will grow a beard, wear a flannel with some jeans, take my wife.. i need 2 passes btw. must see NONE MORE BLACK
If your dark skin and say you dnt think your pretty cuz your dark skin.. I cant even pass you these handouts the teacher gave me..
Me too! Dying to see next week's episode.
I'm hitting Starbucks after my last liveshot.
OMG YOU CRIED TOO?!<33
get 4th of July fireworks and support YOURS rt 40 westview shopping center
YOU WENT TO FANTABULOSO ?!
Bob Ryan always said if he had to pick 5 guys in a game to save the world, Bill Walton in his prime would be one of the 5.
Mediocrity is as close to the bottom as it is to the top.
is hoping the weather holds out tomorrow for a wonderful day at the ballpark. Brewers! Brewers! Keep turning up the heat!
Thanks for the great insight. One can definitely understand the importance of a clean energy innovation program.
Bgc didnt come on this week?
As a square jawed, fancy gentleman, this news fills me with unbridled delight!
No. Wondering how it fits into #contraception debate RT : yours specifically?
Peppermint mochas are so December
Can't beliebe how much i think of you and know you..but you don't even know i exist... (:
...I'm Praying for you bro!
is gonna get his ass beat!
This Rangers game is making me unpleasantly anxious...
I really fucking hate like guys.
Tonight is Parents Night Out at Floriana! 10% of our sales will go to benefit our local elementary school ROSS!
Appointment with my doctor Monday- they believe I may have diabetes...very scary
Hmm, thanks. Think I'll check out the local clock guys.
Looks like I may have an extra room to Moon Palace in Cancun for 6 days, 5 nights in August for $599 a person. If interested, DM me.
Lord Creator God, Back then, you warned against worshiping sun/moon/stars. Now, would you warn against worshiping people (self/stars)?
All you have to say is Hairbangers Ball and Nat's in. See you at
you would be nothing without my subliminal motivation...
Jason Kidd will not play tonight for the #Mavericks against the #Blazers. Apparently a scheduled night off.
text me !
Look at the fear!!
In/near #ClvdHts? Watch for 40 new app sites this summer! Join us for an app-enhanced Coventry Village tour May 19.
Hope everyone has an amazing 2012!!!! Its going to hard to top how perfect 2011 was, but I'm sure going to give it a try!!! =)
Chris, you are an inspiration to us all. Both on and off the field. We're all behind you! Stay tough and focused.
yesterday's workout was mild..but, still had 30 min of cardio plus weights..tomorrow going to try and pump it up!!
Ethier deserved it way more!! smh :(
Our caramel is gluten- free. Come visit us at Farragut Square today with DC101!
LinkedIn Tip of the Day-Be sure to add Skills to your profile (up to 50). LinkedIn has tipped their hand on just how important this will be…
This Boy im suppose to be talkin to Been messin with Alecia ._____________. like wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MY LAST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!! #DONE! #BYEKIDS!
the train is cheap, gets you tower city (~20min ride), but you'd have to walk to the hotel from there ~15-20min
Think we might have broken gmail. Our bad.
Lol!! that's a long time!!
“Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'” -
Startup Wizard, you are the lamest wizard ever
Ooh the advantages of #blonde hair and #blue eyes
I need a crochet fairy to come visit my house tonight
RT </3 : That horrible feeling you get when one of your main girls is moving in just a few more weeks.. &lt;"
MT : ... have you been to Di Pasquales? I saw it featured on Food Network, I was curious! :)
Okay so umm yeahh I need some FOLLOWERS.....#HELP Plss!!!
how did slice the movie go?
"what does 11:11 stand for?" "Umm the time?!" THIS KID
i get mad every our. at least twice.
boys are only good for one thing, <------------- Fill in the rest of the sentence, please
Keep Subtweeting The Bitch I'm Going To Go TF Off!!! Like Why Are You Acknowledging The Hoe. You Got 2 Minutes To Erase All Of Them Tweets
no thing is better than a global unified family that has forgiven themselves and each other for all offenses from the past.NOW LIVE IN PEACE
Welcome to Twitter, Dr Block. It was great to see you at the Chapter Advocacy Summit...
damn, I wish I was in Cali
Thank you for all your hard work! I really appreciate it!
its 8:30pm. :) How's your day going?
whats good #cambridge / #boston ?!
I will eat your children - Mike mother fuckin Tyson
You still care. I can see in in you.
Learn more about
Ain't stressing about a damn thing
San Francisco, bro.
Hmmph, maybe?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> Yes! Of course we must!!!!
cvs fucks everything up! Every god damn thing
San Diego has its own vodka? I guess I better check out soon.
I'm having ice cream craveings again uugghh
I am writing up a resume. Any way to see which semesters you have been on the dean's list?
hahahaha, I won't be ther Monday I got baseball banquet
Tonight's action: 7:30pm Houston Dynamo vs Philadelphia Union 8:00pm Quiz Night. 10:00pm Los Angeles Galaxy vs New York Red Bulls
oh well just ignore it and hang out with better people
It's in the neighborhood, yeah.
i'm watching this 1hr&30min show just to see u guys for about 4 minutes. Can't wait to see u guys, btw u were great on icarly
One of my inspirations in this walk of life. Saw your movie this past weekend "Good Deeds" and it had me in tears. #TeamTylerP!
Was struggling with my work and personal life since past many days..Here i am back and improved Vegan..Go Vegan!!!!
Mesa & kitty asked me to send you a Happy Mother's Day tweet. Only the dog said "please" however :)
every soul is worth saveing
did Miller High Life a couple years ago and it was disgusting
Karl Rove is right. Americans should focus on the Economy during this Election cycle. Are we better off than in 2009?
RT : It's such a beautiful day today, I'm giving my car a break and having it towed around the city.
Squeal like a piggy all the way home! *squee* *squee* *squee*
why the sad face?
A husband is someone who after taking the trash out, gives the impression he just cleaned the whole house.
This #survivor is kinda boring so far. I guess I like co-ed tribes better.
My computer is so slow, it doesn't run, it shuffles along.
Why is it only on weekends? Brunch should be 7 days a week
My mama mad cus everybody spoiles me, guurl if u won't evryone else will : )
Proofing the yeast while Simon & Garfunkel do their mellow Sunday morning thing. Off to a good start.
Yup, distance SURE DOES make the heart grow fonder.
So cute!
alright I'll get something going..
or a queen :)
They want 15 minutes of fame even all their gonna get are vicious replies from awesome fans who love their band <3
Prodigy is a BEAST. I LOVE his solo stuff.
We're looking forward to seeing everyone tonight at 8pm for tasting event of new cocktail. Please DM for more info.
RT : What if we could learn to think, act and communicate like those who inspire?
remember, there is plenty for all!!
I got the lovely mesh circle leather pellet top. I love it but don't love the trail of leather circles that fall off wearing it
Coffee and Advil for breakfast. But at least I'm sketching.
The Magnetic Fields.
We want #ICONicBeats by Dre. exclusive headphones. Wireless!!! So u can dance without the wires!
Miami's what i'm reppin'.
ahaha yea which one you watching ?
Coffee. Coffee. Coffee? Coffee!
It does. Only if the tattoos are of trash cans.
If Olivia Pope ran for President I would so vote for her.
Health Robotics Wins Public Tender at National Cancer Institute of Milan, Defeating Former Partner Loccioni
Wish I could say 3 of us :-/ That makes 2 of us! RT : Looking forward to on today's show at 2:25
Just got into a big fight with my brother
just been a little MiA that's all
And that's the Hawks people. Enjoy.
Save some for me!!!
Watching the #NHL all-star game, followed by the #NFL pro bowl with
I model , I act as well Im trying my best to get my name out there its really not much going on in Milwaukee, but I wont stop
I am screwed. But I am fully dysfunctional without her so its par for the course.
I wonder if our female ancestors were on to something: panty hose to avoid shaving. Hmm maybe I should give them another chance....?
I just gave my old boards to a kid from the block whose deck snapped and couldn't afford a new one
Dope is on bullshit. Always playin cut throat
I'm Going
k so what's up
did you run? :)
followed back
So Asian creations right ? #ProudAsian :') You made my day, my mom and my brothers say thank you. Whitey.
Another FREE shaker cup: What is a benefit of taking GNC's Triple Strength Fish Oil?
Thought we was good but you unfollowed:( #BYE(:
lol already done! Tell her loves from me and I hope she gets better fast! Xx
Are you in Indy?
I don't care how the Mets do it... Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good!
Today is splendid...but then again, so is every day. Life rocks.
Whew! Busy, busy. Sometimes we just need more time in the day. I think I need an assistant that knows how program in java, php, or .net. ;)
Have fun!
“: How many famous and high-spirited heroes have lived a day too long? ~ Rousseau” #Colts #PeytonManning ???????????
Some Irrelevant Hater Named iJever Stared Hating On Austin And Calling Him A JB Poser When In Reality He Was
I swear to both o you guys I am moving to new Boston I I was messing I would of stopped it by now
Ok ... Shit we need to Chopp it up then... What u gettin into later, lets meet up for a drink.
will gay marriage ever become legal through out the country?
Old boss told me I look great in a way that suggests it is not really true.
Packers offense was absolutely terrible, thanks to terrible play calling.
on a more serious note, what I've heard of colors is amazing. You guys killed it. -Zach.
Can anyone advise on a good course/workshop to learn to use EP Budgeting? I'm "technologically impaired"
Goodnight twitter!! Goin to bed...see yall in the morn!! :-)
is the most negative #brewers fan I've ever met.
u should Knw me better than that big head
I like it lol , he died ?
Bielema and Hammock gave Gordon 30 carries to see how he responded to the workload; 'he actually got better as the game went on'
Same here !
Does anybody listen to Erik Spoelstra? Players, fellow coaches? Family?
I have nick <3
NO DISRESPECT TO TRAYVON MARTIN...but how can y'all rally for someone y'all don't know...innocent people get killed everyday...
#Shoutout to all my followers I know it seem like im taken foreva but its well worth it Dec 31 2011 11: 59pm Dropn new shit follow me
MALC chairman Trey Martinez Fischer on redistricting challenges: "This is our leave no minority voters behind act."
Oh, new version of the suite. Advanced page layout? More vector shaping tools? Yes pls.
Don't act like you don't know! I told you when I was at your house I was making a new account
Goin to see boys like girls next week!!! OMG i'm soo frikken excited!!! :)
F*** with me ONE MORE TIME. Hahaha
I've been dreaming of sending you cowboy boots to glitter. Wish it were possible on my salary. But Christmas is coming...
omigosh...you are #onmymind too cody :) every minute, every second, every hour of the day....love you lots :)
RT : Dream the dream, and then do the work.
Very cool!
Everybody at school was either high or on crack.... either one same thing! ;)
He doesn't even saw a word! lol
We're at the scrap yard with another 8 TONS!! that is 8 tons diverted from the dump!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> #getbetterGSP RT : It's GSP'S knee.We will sit Carlos to wait .It's looking so far like he could be ready in a couple months.
Managers rely on manuals - LEADERS rely on instinct. www.VelocitySolutionsLLC.com
#MaryJane session with my babe ...ready for #Nas Behind the music to come on
changed my life this weekend! I am in #love with myself!! Ready for big changes! I want to share this gift with all!
I want longer haaaaaaaiiiiiirrrrrr.
Good thinking there Sandy,.... good thinking.
Good to know!
working from home in my jammies.
Heading off to do a photoshoot for HerStory
Awesome! RT : "Transformation is not 5 minutes from now. In this moment you can make a different choice" Jillian M (not...
killed it...
Follow us #Now!!
NOSOA - Sudbury need to present itself as a local city and google map will show Sudbury to the world.
i love you Stinky Daddy! i love your new twitter :). its so cute!! Stinky wanted me to tell you how much she loves it.
Network Software Engineer Position @ Seattle Based A Studio. Ping me -
You might have to stop at to get me a new shirt. The bag situation isn't looking too promising.
Maybe that is why unadulterated love has not found its way to the street. Blessings to those who are spiritually liberated.
GO READ PART TWO OF FAR AWAY!:D
Thank you to all of our guest speakers for visiting the summer program today. We were inspired!
RT : Smile and breatheI All I need now is some pussy!
Last night in Austin! It's been an adventure. Next time I'm bringing running shoes, a canteen and a fanny pack.
O.O Hello ghost of eso407
The power of social media and citizen diplomacy coming together is uncanny
aww. Thanks! It was a great excuse to wear
great but they moved them into the house due to bad weather. I was so excited for him. They won the varsity game too.
Thanks! Share it with your friends =)
Scary..: BREAKING: Virginia Tech reports gunman on campus, tells students, staff to stay inside and secure doors. - BW #breakingnews -BW”
Props to the baseball team sweeping KU this year. The Shox won at Eck last evening 10-2.
Happy Mothers Day ! Send us pictures of you and your mom today, we want to see :)
lol dot get too excited
National Honesty Day??? #Seriously?
Got it! I'm running off to a picnic so I'll have to look at it later, but thanks!
Don't get rained on at Pirates game. Come to Consol for a high action game where you'll stay dry. 8pm start.
can be the model in a video of austin? (: i'm a model
great swim today (but I should have done the math ahead of time) a measly 5 laps short of a mile... #nexttime!!!
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Ask and It Is Given The Four Agreements
Another Happy Customer! Thanks :-)
Do All That Shit You Be Talkin Bout. When You Gone, Shit, Netflix On Yo' Couch.
It's like the more I sleep, the more tired I wake up.
It's the only way to own it.
Come RELAX with me at the Mondrian pool, enjoy some champagne and complimentary messages 1pm be there
What new releases have you been listening to? Shout em out and we'll shout you out!
RT - Miami Dolphins cheerleaders = Best in the NFL
think you're funny!? tg I'm not the one looking like a mushroom everyday.
#TheThingIHateMost is dey love you when your doing good, but no where around when your doing bad.
- HA... We're in mourning over here.
well maybe if you werent mad at me we could oovoo lbs
Just woke up. Had 2 Hours of sleep.
no my momma won't let me leave I just had surgery :( :( :(
If you like reading, and sharing, check out It's such a nice experience.
thanks! i didnt think about that! I'll keep that in mind when planning things.
Aren't cooked worms just "extra yummy protein"?
hell yeah! A nigga gets tired of always coming out of pocket.
It was an honor! See you in a few weeks, buddy. Glad I could help.
Pretty sure I wanna fuck forever love
Happy Easter all
sure you did.
Do you know why New Yorkers are always so depressed? Because the light at the end of the tunnel is in New Jersey.
Thanks for stopping by! Quote coming soon.
Who else is excited to watch Barca take on Milan!? Champions League is heating up!
Trying to find the perfect balance between "super fit chic life" and "super fun world traveller mama chic life" Not as easy as I'd hoped :(
good girl. Send me one tonight! Haha.
We've posted a few things on the website and facebook - more to be added tomorrow. Sleep well!
Me, josh, and Eytan are at Dave and busters with some chicas. I miss this place. It should be a requirement to have one in every town. -T
When your alarm goes off an hour early
If this was my first time ever seeing Harrison barnes, I'm not agreeing that he's a lottery pick. His game is lost.
have a great day Kyle.
Hey Ed, Jay Roach also directed Game Change, so political docudramas are his thing. You'll be great!
People that hate on the heat <<<
I would jump off a bridge for them. I WOULD KILL MY PARENTS FOR THEM, owait.. then i wouldn't have money.
HA! Even if they dont win any games the intro will be fire!
can you post it. I didn't get to hear it :(
Bed bed bed bed bed bed bed
Thanks for the link! I'll have to add it to my listening list, too!
Afternoon folks...long a** night
I think the Gorilla once backed into a corner, comes out fighting and thrashes the Lion. I should check Utube for a Vid?
we love you back... and let it be known, we are good lovers.
Just started The Help. Already on page 50. I am greatly enjoying this book.
At practice gonna be a fun night!
Woah, Drew. That's no good. Shoot us an email to and we'll see what we can do to help.
I'm hoping that there is a refigured ending for #GunHillRoad, a beautifully gritty film. One that might help achieve wider distribution.
: welcome to twitterverse. Guess what? I'm moving to Seattle in September!!
Whew....busy Monday here at the warehouse. Chat with us live again tomorrow morning starting at 8am with any questions.
Omg I love and and and and more:)
**HOT** "NOTICE" -ruff mix.mp3 by BIG RHINO BROWN. "We Blast Ent." we make muzik for mutha phukas like you!
I be so high and that bullshit bothered me
followed :D
How did it go? RT : Thnx to all who showed up for the #nafsa11 Tech MIG events!
Hungover though I'm not sure I deserve it.
Come by the tonight to check out MONDAY NITE ESCAPE w and get $30 Virgo Party Tix! #VIRGO2K11 with
Start your weekend off right, stop by for a scone and a tea or coffee before you close up shop!
“: My mind was blown when I realized "OK" is a sideways person.” HOLY SHIT
there was a line of cars!
Everyone needs a petty tyrant in their life. If you don't have one, get one.
My kids r playing school while I finish up work 4 the day. I love it that they r currently on a field trip 2a Museum w/their pretend school!
RT <U+2766> "When the POWER OF LOVE overcomes the Love of Power, the World will know... P E A C E" ~Jimi Hendrix
Excellent #Raw Supershow tonight. If you didn't see, make sure you don't miss this show.
amen RT: "Gods grace is the only reason u are what u are today. Be quick to ascribe glory 2 Him & not yourself."
RT Did global warming destroy Joplin, MO, 's hometown? Great piece in , with stunningly angry comments.
yep//“: Mike Gundy: "I think people need to decide whether they want to see a 9-6 game or a 39-36 game."”
Just voted
I already told you
No Mr. Zimmerman, being "hispanic" does not exempt anyone from being a racist. Justice for Trayvon Martin Now!
Agreement in the room that #CompletionArch data is essential to shaping the discussion about the role of #communitycollege in our country.
3 New Photos up! Woo!
WTF with them misses all those free throws?! #Knicks U gotta make those. Its the
clearly southwest Chuy texted me from a plane to complain about leg room. How close can those seats be? He doesn't need much
I like that one, because Gary & I were able to find some common ground, even if we disagree on other stuff.
faster than my landline. upload is > download speed interesting
Oklahoma Joes BBQ in KC. Best Q in The home of BBQ. It's in a gas station. You come to KC, I buy. PSneon trees blow
Hurting. Ah lol
we need to work on the kick off party you down??
Judge Smith explaining ruling now...
Hungry... Guess I'll cook something..
I hear that! They CANNOT lose this game or else the season is in jeopardy!
TY 4 the RT. Hopefully Renee's pain will give other women strength. I could tell u some stories "Musician's Wives" LOL! :0)
good stuff little Jen need that leg gotta kick through the ball
Buzz grows w/tentative date of Oct.8th slated for the private screening. Look4official announcement at Privacythemovie.com
Foo What you doing?
haha good job...
Got lost three times trying to find tonight! I found it, all was tasty, but pls update the address on your website, Malarkey!
For serious. So ugly.
FAT FAT YOU'RE FAT
How do you solve a problem like Princess Beatrice?: The princess can't find a job and Peter Phillips no longer h..
The #horriblemoment when you're laying down and you #realize that you have to drop the kids off at the pool!
Amen!!!!! ": You Cant Hold On To The Past But You Can Destroy Your Future By Not Dealing With It"
Thanks for the follow! Let's connect. - Purp
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us. Without their music this would not be possible!
New topic - Olympus OM-D E-M5 and Star-Lapse or Astro Photography
Hope everyone has a great St. Patrick's day! If you are thinking about drinking too much green beer,plan your detox Monday here 713-623-0866
I started playing #Bridingthenet from bc my 6yo loves birds. We can't wait 2 go 2 the Lab in 2 weeks with her!
ay doe Im sure nobody could top them bland kendama skills
yeah, that's because the respect wasn't all there. Sad face.
you're an OLD, UGLY, FAT, BITTER BITCH...good luck!!....not.
its been two years since "one time"happy anniversary baby<U+2665>
What's so Messed up is that ma celebrates tweet ma ppl but that never happen to me that's so much head !!! So messed up urg !!!
over 600 volunteers will pack over 100k meals at celebration town hall on Sunday. Hope you can make it!
Cats need love-have you hugged your cat friend today? Meow!
naw but you trying be down ?!
hahaha! I'm sorry, I <3 you!
I just would have no idea what to get. Isiah 41:10 is a really good verse.
washington just tied it!
Cooking channel has exciting programing for fun and easy meals. COOK WITH US alton brown
and there was about 15 girls
will it result in my being a certified prezi specialist? I need some kind of reward!
Headed to airport in PAP, amazing time here, but ready to get home to the rest of team Moore!
It just keeps repeating. I'm not doing this shit. I'm not.
ok i need to know what is the song valarie that was used in glee from
Can you feel it? Nothing can save ya.
Finally it's over
Welcome to my newest upgraded member Zeeshan Perzan
He plays bass trombone with Colorado Symphony I'm with the band, ha. Gorgeous music hall too.
why not?xD
someone should text me :) ask fo the numbaa.
On the way to kings island
i think i may have missed one of those emails about running ProPresenter... ;-)
Aw so sad but you had to do what was best for you. College is top of the priority list.
Anyone have good elementary science prof. dev. resources? Classroom gardening/greenhouse especially welcome
thank you Amy! You are the best! :-)
I dont believe this ed system of its own will is going 2 change. If local control is so great y isnt it working asks Spellings
cute is for a puppy , i want respond to that shit .
Your a daimond short of perfect :)
#CoSign RT : Harolds and Head: 2 things I am never not in the mood for.
writers block
Current weather in Orlando: 70°F · (°C) Wind: 3 mph Humidity: 73% HIGH 84 LOW 66
Taking myself on a dinner and a movie date. I think people in general get scared of a little alone time but I really like it.
and this Sunday in SF!!!
They're descending into Kai Tak airport on Pan Am ... ahahah trying to land into the crowd of buildings ... "designed by Satan."
uh oh
#Knicks and #Yanks lets win tonight!
i got it
Bowling with my beautiful girlfriend and her awesome brother ...
That last tweet felt way too
Most damaging words in network marketing? "I don't know that many people." Randy Gage
New ideas percolating in [Instructional Ideas and Technology Tools for Online Success]
Had a rough day with my dad in the hospital. All is good now. He's recovering and I'm content!!
No matter what hole, I'ma make it splatter.
good, besides drama.
haha yeah they definitely didnt on that february night
We would get breakfast where every cute baby in Cville is.
hearing yourself sing in the shower and wondering why you haven't made an album yet ;)
“: I really don't know how to handle all of these white women.” If I had a nickel...
Rain and wind in the forecast! Stay posted on the status of Saturday's practice.
That's like.. an entire gubernatorial recall campaign worth!
": Didn't get a chance to give a goodbye kiss ??" i just couldnt take the sadness of leaving you
the test wasn't hard at all
Waking up at 4:30AM and not falling back asleep was not part of today's plan… :(
thanks Ann!!
Oye! will be performing at Pecan Street fest at 4PM today at the Red River Stage #Pecan Street Festival
Thanks for the #FF love! Have a great weekend!
Lord grant me the strength to climb out of the YouTube trance I'm in.
when and where is the Jags NFL draft party?
well g`night twitter
i put my head against the speaker singing blow my mind dj blow my mind x
Congrats Leah! It will be nice to see you on TV again doing what you do best:-)
Bears on the clock
Watching on the dvr again!!! Love this show...
- where you at ?
something must be wrong with me im listening to aventura
Any thing on how to hide and not look all emo? lol
yes, upgraded from a 3GS. Am totally devoted. :) <3
You would think money could make ppl classy smh
I haven't even showed that to Lolly because I bawl
and why was I not mentioned in that Tweet?
66 games in 120 days. That's way too much basketball in way too short of a time frame. The constant injuries should be no surprise
I use my custard powers for good though don't you think?
RT if u are a true rusher <3
Iz happy to be home after a very long travelz in da big car. Ize lovez my own bed!
Washington street church has been packed the last 2 performances at First Night Alexandria!!! Happy Musical New Year!
Ask them is they want to hold one - we can still add it in for this summer's programs.
loving that my hairstylist will be styling the season finale of #projectrunway season 8!!! Carla at Tysons www.pratpartners.com
Upset Alert: #UMass leads 75-71 with two fts coming, 14 seconds to play over #21 #Temple. Huge win for Minutemen
am i weird cause i like to do laundry?
Jesse & Anthony...both smokin'!
2-2 one more thing i just wanted to tell you that every year at my school we all get unicef boxes and we donate! and get $1,000
I found you! :) great audition on friday!!! our class is amazing!!!!
Quick to bust a tear
Off to bed, goodnight :)
Thanks for the follow! Miss You!!!
MyLincoln will allow drivers and passengers to control virtually every aspect of the MKX's climate, entertainment and interfacing system
I don't know about you guys, but I have the effin' coolest boyfriend in the world. He never fights with me and rubs my back all the time c:
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
I don't think so. That wasn't my point.
Girls you need to pierce your ears once and stretch them and not pierce each ear like 8 times.
R u working full time this summer?
Probably gunna gain at least 10 lbs tomorrow..
So bored
My #fridayreads is To Kill a Mockingbird. It's been years since I've read it. It's even better than I remembered.
Tygas voice is sexy
Placed 4th at Miami open ibjjf tournament
Interesting to note 4 out of the top 10 are Hilton products. This list is also based on size of property.
just make sure you aren't doing anything this Sunday ;)
As the days pass, we're losing the people we remembered for greatness.
We deliver! Area of delivery NW Expressway & Reno to north & south, Santa Fe to Villa east to west. Call 521-9800!
The international conference is coming to Denver soon! We are excited to meet you all!
Three Stooges movie time. This is going to be therapeutic.
If Kansas wins the championship, I can die happy
Spotify or Pandora? What's your preference?
yes, it's a classic. Got any other favorites?
On stage - drive on stage on a rocket bike.
Great time last night with Numi Tea. Great party. Great location at the SF Chronicle Building!
There needs to be a place for people to donate to people in love to fly them where ever they need to go.
SMH. White girls.
going to hang out tonight at CV to hear dj's moma, stimulas,flavien& liondub put the roof on fire;)
Would you believe my phone did not know the word "kabuki"?
Tebow's a rolling...time for the to pull big ben for Charlie Batch?
Yes I did direct it :)
Looking forward to Columbia City Coffee Forch on Your Porch tonight at 6pm! Hope to see you there!
Coffee is a broadly consumed drink prepared from the roasted seeds commonly called "beans" of the coffee plant.
#Reasonstoohatepublictransportation Because they just let anyone on
hope I get that teacher next year!!
My parents are the most annoying people my god
hi dolls!follow shes an awsome ARTIST!!!
yup and I am going to hit the 4 0 in less than a month
hahaha better be
Hell yes... totally dig. Blissing out now. Thanks for the introduction.
Naaaaa you know my situation
: Darn :( all I want it for you to Tweet me lol good luck!
I need a good April fools joke for tomorrow...any ideas?!
OMG I DMED YOU ITS SO IMPORTANT LIKE REALLY PLEASE ANSWER OR ILL CRY<U+E023>
Also should probably note that my issues with have been resolved...since I DID tweet about them, I feel I should update things.
yeah half of it is going to Schafer now :P
A quote from Lincoln who died on this day in 1865. "Whatever you are, be a good one."
no l seed some one
What out has a iphone =]
lol I know I know
Preparing for a very big day!
Sounds like all the parents are getting used to the sounds of school being back in session
Damn Sir, it looks like only 9,999 tags there. We owe you 1!
So is it true or not?
God reveals Himself to a seeking mind.
Will I ever see You smiling back at me How will I know If I let you go
YES we did see a spike for Black Friday AN even more for Cyber Monday. Better than dealing with the crowds by shopping online
Lots of interesting questions in this discussion about LMNL and XML about interaction between models and tools/workflows
. That's tough 1. They'll announce close to 18K, but will be closer to 17K. Pacers didn't help themselves by laying an egg Sat.
Thanks.... that really means a lot to me... You are truly a ray of sunshine.. :)
RT : You could go straight to DHWI from MLA. There is no chance that you would spontaneously combust after a few days.
Buy buy buy RT : It's Monday and we are offering 20% off your entire order all day long. Hurry! this deal is Today Only!
RT - #Jacksonville #Jaguars placed CB David Jones (undisclosed) on injured reserve, ending his season.
#Dubstep fatigue makes a return to #DnB that much sweeter.
damn peas E....that only lasted like 48 hours. Smh
next time I buy a house, i'll just pay cash.
I got 1,828,295 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run... catchin up
Rant rant rant! I hate waking up early after sleeping til 11 every day over break
People respond to people, not paper. Don't just build your resume--network
I keep waiting for the rain to come. But it's not cloudy, just getting dark.
#TEFL chat in 10 minutes! Bring your questions! If you don't have questions, bring your expertise for those that do!
#GiveObamaCreditfor... liberals being intolerant... The liberals I know are . Intolerant to opposition of their opinions.
I love Adventure Time. It's amazing. xD
Sorry! We're planning our tweets for this webinar. Got a little trigger happy and posted it early. Plan to join us 1/30!
Drink too much last night? Go to and keep drinking with a Hi-C and eggs benedict for breakfast. You'll feel much better!
I'm G for gangsta, you G for
No problem! Following, complete.
$20 minimum order though, guys
#FF because they are total pros and I've been lucky enough to work with them.
sounds good!
lol just don't tell me when were eating
One of my favorite lines from Pynchon's VINELAND: "Watch the paranoia, please!" #totalassaultontheculture!
in balmy Barbados!
haha I talk to my mom an average of 5-6 times a day LOL
God, there are so many ugly people in here. I should really get out of the house of mirrors.
My Top5 Ky Derby: Union Rags, Creative Cause, Gemologist, Hansen, Bodemeister - Honorable Men. Went the Day Well, Dullihan, Take Charge Indy
I love scheduling out my tweets!
Can't call it a relationship if you feel single
no evil!!
Agreed!! Big improvement. ": car looks great team 10!"
I just wrote a song to my cat.
ANY BUSINESS OWNERS LOOKING FOR ADVERTISING ON THE HOT RADIO SHOW #FORTHELOVEOFMUSIC W/ CONTACT
Hi Marty! Great meeting you at Blueglass. What brings you to SF?
he wants me to ask out Michael but he doesn't know that i want to ask him out
x-man to the next man,people who cheat end up alone,old and horny in the future
do your legs hurt from running through my dreams?
Had a wonderful (Mega Camp-ish) Short Sale Mastermind Session today at Keller Williams Realty Atlanta Classic. Great questions and answers!
Is really tweeting himself right now..
#ThatHappyMoment when you're hungry and you realize you still have leftovers from your favorite restaurant
hey college flys by. Keep smiling they are tears of joy
I signed it #VerifyBrandonRoach :)
But when you defend yourself against your abusive husband...there is nothing to discuss...smh
Hey bros thanks for wondering if I survived last night. I did btw #freerides where can I find yall?
Bored. Bout to go to school. I repersent ECMS RAMS Baby. We be rocking ova hea.So if u think bout moving to dewy rose or elberton! RAMS BOO
What did the earwig say as it fell down the stairs? Ear we go!
Seriously, there is nothing worse than reading the self-referential narrative of someone who is writing about writers block.
Only 3 people can be in the delivery room with me. I feel bad for them and my mommy.
Erica and this baby lol
thanks for the Retweets!
Everybody pays for sh*t they don't want ... Send me my reimbursement for the Iraq war brilliant as usual
hey in need of photos call me.
Have taken shit to a whole new level!
lol its what ric flair would say to the groupies back in the day. "You don't have to be in florida to ride space mountain". Lmao
it was probably the best PR move he could've pulled
This + Supermoon=#nodriving today! RT Hope everyone has a fun Cinco de Derby day!
Kirwan testimony is complete. Gov on deck.
actually, it's "LEGENDARY!!!"
Captain Crunch Berries flow! Lol
Waking up horny and knowing you can't get none is the worst!! Lol
Thanks! We love the super-soft no-feel too!
Somewhat. I was sort of tired though...
super excited to see what you bring for the youth sizes...my daughter has already requested 2 pair
Thai lunch with Meris.
damn y'all are lucky
i spend usually an hr or something on twitter. being a complete dumbass xD
I'll go check them out. This must be very exciting for you!. Dreams coming to fruition. Wonderful!
damn oomf's avi look like trey songs with a beat up face .
Seriously, between Crumble & Flake, , and , it's a day of epic awesomeness - and exhaustion.
You're welcome!
I can be anything I want with sacrifice, hard work and perseverance!
The #rocknrollsocial is tonight. See you there in 10 mins local bands!
Maybe I'm not remembering it all that well, but it certainly seems like February was warmer than April this year. Strange times.
How are you tonight, Ken? Did you see "The Avengers" Movie yet? I plan on seeing it.
Boarding the ferry for #Catalina in a couple of hours! Happy 30th birthday...to myself!
Ewwwww. lol Hm...maybe they see it as flying the friendly skies? :)
ah! Not sure but condos might be creepy!
Jessica Sanchez you 16 year old beast. I am jealous of your being.
I'll stop covering him once he stops smoking pot on the course and pissing on the crowd.
no lolol I'm mad at myself for not getting myself a dang ticket LOL
Join with us as we continue to pray for families across the nation who have been devastated by the recent natural disasters.
S/O to for the avi design
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous. - Ingrid Bergman
BALLS DEEP
Bil Hall hits a home run in his first game with the #Orioles. 5-3 in the eighth over #Rays. First homer since May 14, 2011.
I've done alot of wrong, i try to apologize subliminally a ton.
That lady just did the worst Oprah impression ever.
so a super boring day............grocery shopping and oil change for my nitro..love that thing!
im there
So nice to meet you too! no offense about the germaphobe thing, wish I could've stayed but for sure next time!
My grandma talking about get that just in case Chayce wanna spend the night & watch the baby. Chayce watching who baby? Not mine. lol
Thanks friends!
that awkward moment when your english teacher makes a spelling/grammar error, you correct them, & they give you detention for it..
That was not Raspberry Beret, that was 1999. Come on now.
Can All Shall perish & Black Dahlia get here already! In need of some ventilation.
I had a great Reuben at today. I should have instagramed how cool it was. But I was too hungry. So I ate it.
What would it look like if the #Brewers actually tried to lose to the Cardinals every time they played?
Never say sex. sex
Sarcasm tweet RT : Bucks blow a 4th quarter lead. I have never seen this before...
Tomorrow night head out to BRINK ORLANDO for Foreplay Fridays! I'll be spinning and free drinks will be available 11-12!...
I have seen the work you've done Mr. Crowe, and it amazing. I was wondering if you could help me just this once, thank you
Sometimes, I really miss Joe Garagiola.
Planning our senior cruise with
More business friendly term for "composer"... aural affect consultant?
Superdraft is taking over Vegas!
I totally agree
Being a responsible adult isn't all I thought it would be before I was an adult
To achieve results that exceed what you are currently experiencing you must change your actions
now it's afternoon! Cheer up;)
#happymonday guys! What'd you do this weekend? Try out ? 6_6
“: Congratulations Don! What an honor....well done for sure! #” // Thanks!!! Now on to selling the next book!
Getting a good workout in.
Wishing you a bless and wonderful birthday weekend!
that is an "...oh" moment. Haha! Is your hair still purple? It didn't look it when I saw you today.
your mom is awesome. (: SWS is the bomb.
The rest don't even matter because you are drunk by that point...then you get the bill when you sober up, haha.
yes it does. I told my mom to go this past weekend since we were close but we didn't really have time for anything.
There's a box in my van with a bag of chips and a bunch of tortillas. Yeah, I'm snackin' tonight and ganking some Mexican turtle shells.
and the bandwagon just got light again.
what's wrong? :(
You don't half get some strange conversations in waiting rooms. Today's: Knee Pads in trousers!
what can I say? I like threats. ;)
Rainy Saturday afternoon. Enjoying a glass of wine. La Traviata plays, fresh baked bread cools. I believe I was Italian in a former life.
If you register by 9 tonight you'll be good. After 9 there is a late fee. Do it!
LMAO! You are funny!
Stand-By Alert !! Reconvergence with Undergrowth -- Saturday
lol Mine too but my family is a little bit crazy! lol so what are you doing now?!!
So far the Trivial League of Trivia is in first place
Loved your article on making your own skincare products. Going to rub a potato on my face tomorrow, and honey it up tonight!
Translator had difficulty telling Koji he's been traded to Texas - which may explain why he bought me a cowboy hat and Chuck Norris poster.
BIG WIN for the DEMOCRATS. If the person that wrote the PLAN say it is wrong for this day and TIME, PAUL RYAN is bent on being DESTRUCTIVE.
My colleagues and I are literally playing with hotwheels tracks; and #expowest in just days away. Must be Friday!
stupid kids with no direction or purpose in life. I wonder where they will end up 5 years from now? (jail)
some consolation: great parties 2 go 2 Sat & Sun
Dreaming of the Osaka sun
Me too!
Fantastic discussion at Brooklyn heights synagogue this p.m. About the midlife
At least neither of us is an action item
hopefully elwood staffing can find me a job. got an interview on tuesday!
Anyone know how to get a ticket to the Tweet Up at #mlanet12 ??
Fuck the shit im done nobody will ever see me again im leaving my phone on the side of the road love you bye
Where exactly are you going?!
Personally, I liked this recall much more when we discussed the issues that caused the recall to begin with.
Only 16 more days to Fashion's Night Out!! Stay tuned to all the latest news and events www.fashionsnightout.com and follow
it's actually tomorrow :)<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+270C><U+2764>
The #FreshCoastClassic has the best fans, period! Thanks for continuing to spread the word about the biggest & best tourney to hit...
I hate watching those disgusting replays in a game.
You ain't trying if you ain't cheating. #Wings win another one...
What do you wish your business site would do that it's not doing?
Blinds are 40 minutes long
When I wake up it always looks like I was attacked in my sleep.
Any images of AFC North Champion apparel yet?
Don't say you miss me when it's your fault I'm gone ...
I dont wanna beg or something. But I need to go to my party soon. So One of my last chances to get follows:)
Awesome movie!
You already know *winks*
I love talking to new people. (:
I bet Joe Lando's even older
Do your students buy ebooks? Cheaper option, already available. Would that fly? (Harder to annotate, share, and/or re-sell.)
welcome to the monsters of the midway, brandon!
what u up to tomorrow nite boo
Wow, Vandy didn't do nothing in the last few minutes of the game, Richmond wins 69-66
Congrats on your 6-month anniversary!
Squirrel!! Lmao...that gets me every single time. Anyone who's ever seen the movie UP knows what I'm talking about.
ah ok. glad to know you're ok!
I'm pulling for Ben.
Set up the #slackline at midnight in the #snow with and friends in #vanwa; good times followed
Thanks, Emily! I know, I can't wait either!
Getting excited
A: Bases are dark, generators are loud, doors don't lock on bases. Not a good situation
#nowplaying your call-Secondhand Serenade
So much so that I don't even want shit to do with y'all on a personal or musical level. This shit is so sad.
There is a lot of talk of Jason Booher to Holmes.
Another day to please your customers
I would too xD pfff... small Asian penises <U+314B><U+314B><U+314B>
Haha. Your sense of humor does not concern me. We all have bad days :) Tomorrow will be better.
Yes! win!!!!! Bring on the #devs. Victory is sweet!
Happy Opening Day!
Ugh I have chicken legs ! How do make ur legs grow fat?
Everytime I'm in a metropolis I feel like Brooks after leaving Shawshank
thank you for RTing Ashley!! :)
You know it's going to be a great vacation when the pilot comes on and says "Welcome aboard, this is Captain Morgan..."
Just got done hooping at la fitness
Matt and Nick argue with the referee when he won't hand over the title belts. Matt and Nick roll out of the ring and attack the Ants.
I would appreciate it if you didn't blow up my twitter feed during your 21st, I know it is fun but please control yourself
Go to sleep at 2, wake up at 7, look like Alice Cooper - Welcome to my Nightmare style.
and I will be the official taste testers for and !!!
Looks like Mario Salducci
I haven't but thanks(:
Seems like time has flown by. Getting back to planning the Parlor Series. The ideas are flowing like coffee on a Monday morning!
aww hope you feel better
"I lost all respect for 50 cent when he hated on Justin. Really. And now 50 cent and Justin Bieber are hanging out together? ok."
Finally on spring break! LEGGOOO
:) he goes by the name Milkshakes Finnegan.
So crushed right now!!!
idk we never actually talk. Best guess.....
Friday the 13th? I hope you're not superstitious...
OH DON'T MIND ME! I'M JUST BLOWING UP YOUR NOTIFICATIONS!
and he, once again, makes me question why he's on the site--or why he replies to things...
So #LukeBryan on #ACM - it's getting hot in here!
Note to morning self - not everyone else in the world is a douchebag
happy birthday Ellen! I heart you.
I am working on a new project and want to talk to people in LA who changed their life in a big way @ 47 yrs or older. Just me.
It's a false issue. It's not like Ohio State or anyone else knew about the guy.
Mom said she could see me being an attorney!
this doesn't surprise me. My 2 year old nephew can work my iPhone better than I can...but, I wouldn't give in just yet :)
Band camp, then German camp (u missed out there, Anne!), then U of M PsTL classes..what next?! Can it get better?
SCSU Wrestling is ranked #1 in the country for the NCAA division 2!
This test tweet goes out to all the python scripts watching my status updates.
part two of the movie tomorrow?!
Yeah, I dunno, think this track is kind of a mess! Like the beat, Ye's verse, and 2 Chainz, but the rest doesn't do it for me.
Ohmygod. I can't imagine. Hugs to you both.
Just need to remember to cancel netflix on the 25th
Am *very* interested. Thank you!
Burning steam at the ARC after a ridiculous Laker loss.
No one cares.
sleep then what's stopping you
although its going to be tough, it's going to be worth it.
Profs wnt bks they own digitized but don't want to use thr copy: makes sense if they're teaching a course w/that bk rght now
Okay I start crying when I see lightning.. Like I'm terrified.... I start shaking.
If they don't perform 'Moments' for their world tour next year, someone will get hurt.
When buying tickets for the festival be sure to buy a ticket for the Awards Ceremony and Brunch on Sunday! It's gonna be great!
"It is the sweet and simple things that really matter." -Laura Engles Wilder
I honestly don't think, in your destructive zeal, you understand why America just turned against you
I need profile pictures....but self-portraits take so much time. I'll put it on my To-Do List.
#Burn. RT : I suspect I'll do more blocking today than the Broncos' offensive line.
finocchio, tarocco, san marinese cappaletti, panettone, listening to records on the phonograph = perfect italian christmas with the fam.
I was fixing your grammar. But use a back-scratcher.
If this was drug case, everything may well be answered rationally: Z-man thought Martin was suspicious for drug purchasing, hot pursuit
2012 Chicago Bears Draft Picks: Fan&#39;s Reaction
Tebow has Jesus but GOD IS A PACKER FAN
Curious about organizational patterns imposed by the editors. Are there any? or always open to reader remix?
Just received notification that OHC's Let's Talk about It, Oklahoma! will be funded by Inasmuch Foundation for next three years!
Experience simple truce "I know you". Endless possibilities & #power<U+2600>
That is an offensive foul or nothing
Social represents a revolution in the industry matched only by stone tablet, printing press & the internet.
You can get a recycled yellow bike for $10. How badly do you want to pedal past the suckers in the bus stuck in traffic?
how does it begin to become possible to visualize a writing in which the economic is not the dominant value?
Hello everybody why does it still like 2011 like i keep thinking it is until 3 months into this year
P.S. I don't recommend anyone look up what that word means, if you don't already know or can't figure it out root word analysis. Yeah.
and it came to me then, that every plan is a tiny prayer to father time
I'm too uptight
Doc Rivers: "[KG] clearly was not the only one [moving on the picks]. ... We put ourselves in that position."
If designers feel challenged by Agile, they are not yet fully engaged in the collaborative process.
When are you finally going to the mountains? I had to massacre like 30 last night bc I've developed an irrational fear of moths
Parked in spot 187. Spice 1 and Snoop Dogg would be proud.
The attack was in retaliation for the February killing of their leader, Wowinchapuncke.
Beer, Sweet Beer.
Too intelligent for our country.Lock'em up, scar them w a felony & tell them get a good job & don't come back
If not mistaken, all-numbers are old streetcar routes and letter-number is old bus lines. And yes, before
Preach T.Dot RT Never let a bad situation from your past hinder your current blessing(s).
So are you hitting outside lands this year, bsue?
Porcelain comes in many different styles and finding one that will suit your needs won't be hard.
Took this long?
no way...what phone
A renewal even? Well if you two crazy kids can make it work, there's hope for me yet.
Voice over for Captain America promo today at The Refinery. Thank you Hasbro! The next voice your child hears on TV could be mine..
Buy a Meal Get a Meal Free! Buy $20 in Pizza Shuttle Gift Certificates & get 1 Sm 1-top Pizza-online or in-store. 99¢ za slices 10a-4p M-Th.
"Rest oh my soul in Christ alone," by Cindy Ratcliff-Cruise love this song i think i'll listen to it before i go to sleep. Have a goodnite!
endgame will just lead to defan and being brothers but from what the writers and people are implying I dunno :/
At my lil brothers soccer practice, and thy say he's cute lol
your startup story (the day the website went dark) was great! Thanks for sharing!
Dadventures with pops all month.
True. And the #Twins are having a spectacularly awful year. Maybe this will lead to a Brewers resurgence.
IN THE MIX!!! www.ustream.tv/channel/djjohnnyd LIVE! from 508 downtown Minneapolis.
Free Prime content is def limited but still worth $80/yr for free shipping if u ever order stuff. w/a KindleFire & Roku2 I dig it.
I know I'm nothing but skin and bones but I sure think your beautiful
"even smiling makes my face ache"
is it so hard to get country artists to play in Portland, OR?
I hate saying goodbye! :'(
u can call me to ;)
Just one more week until episode 2 of Super Duper is released.
miracle |'mirik<U+0259>l| a highly improbable or extraordinary event, development, or accomplishment that brings very welcome consequences.
Same wavelength. ;) lmao
RT : For all matters #WW1 & #WW2 the gentleman who knows is Join me in following him & visit his excellent site
You know what's funny is seeing a girl wearing Shape-ups, but what's even funnier is seeing a guy wearing Shape-ups...
thanks for sharing - that's a great writeup!
Thanks for the #FF shoutout - have a great weekend
5 days left!
- But do you remember your old friends?
Wow... Awesome they didn't grab the expensive items, but lame that they got the books. Poor resale value, but expensive to buy!
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
I just started a new Facebook page. I plan to populate it with ideas and conversations about change. I'd appreciate it if you'd visit it an…
Then you may need a lawyer if understanding it is important or necessary.
aww!! THANK YOU!
that is pretty funny Come on Bon Iver
Every time I crave popcorn, we don't have any!
Opening night of Debussy's "Le Martyre de Saint Sebastien" in San Francisco! So excited to be a part of it!
still cant move my hips......
Really stoked to finally see tonight at bigup for this one!
Orlando airport needs tech disruption! Its so slow...
Commission on Sustainability meeting today from 4-6 pm, 417 E. Fayette St., 8th Fl. Join us! It is open to the public!
/ morn crew!!
Tomorrow is awesome Friday not just good or better.. !!! :P.
I just figured out what you meant!
To be connected from MySpace of the table of images contact tables for MySpace of drawing regards Friendster Xanga or to b :-)
your very welcome and good night <3
Well I did. AND I watched their wedding video.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
u shoullda seen ur face before...bright red lmao
let me know! I had to make a quick stop, should be there by 2!
Ford is an acronym for First On Race Day!
"popoed" ...so you with the feds now?
now darlene cavalier is talking about engaging citizens in society. Outreach to public. Sciencecheerleader.com
Hey guys thank you so much to everyoen who gave me shoutouts i love you all xx
How many of you have made amends with someone recently? If you haven't is there anyone that you would like to with?
Johnny Madonia: For lack & limitation to be removed from our thinking, we must...move to our creative side, where our true selves live...
i counted mine last week and i'm up to 45
Saints wins because we have better backup quarterbacks and we just are better...
Is Keith Morrison real? Ooohhh my
What's that gear on back of Lewis's car? Looks like a narrow strip of grill.
in reference to my last tweet.... never mind.
really! Celaith is coming here and we can all ride together
Bummer. season is over. Swarm win playoff game 14-10. Still had so much fun... such a great time for the kids!
they still turned out great! probably the best recipe i've made by far!
I'm so excited for you!!:) your dreams are coming true!:) you'll seriously love it!
Casey Anthony has been found... NOT GUILTY for first degree murder and aggravated child abuse by the jury!!
nice!!! RT S/O to #HNITH being the number 1 banger in Colorado & thus RAW freestyles were born
My girlfriend gets clearance to the air force base but not me? That's fucking gay. This is why I hate the military.
Praying for world peace.
Need to get back on my twitter game
Me and my nanny, getting our SVU marathon on.
Brassow story is a bit disappointing. Too much build up.
#oomf don't have to trip about anything I got this <3 deserve better.
Also a huge thank you to from NCISLA who came to support the short film she was in tu & eu by Eddie Sheih
Kids these days I wish my friends would get shot or something like fuck you guys.
OMG they should make a law that people who lost their voice should not b allowed to sing until its back!!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
Thank you mother nature for such a beautiful day.
Point of Clarity: Don't take on other peoples issues. Decipher what needs to be worked on and whats just nonsence. I'm complete as is!!!
Absolutely! RT : "We're moving away from wisdom of crowds and moving toward wisdom of friends," sez
Why can't you just answer my question....?!:(
Steaks on the grill tonight, baked tater and a salad
Its been fun! RT : looking good, feel like I am there
done, good looking out.
Softy, can you call your boy Jim Mora and tell him to STOP TALKING! he's awful...
Happy #OpeningDay Milwaukee! Enjoy the beautiful weather and great baseball!
I really wonder about the intelligence level of the those media members voting for the "MVP"
Ok kool... I will try to touch base later with you to get you some more details.... Looking forward to you rockin the stage!!!
Happy 21st to my best friend!!
hey boo. Go on dj tq page. She asked if anyone wants to make the campus live intro song.
hi. love you
RT Lol i`m watching MB videos yo ! Acapellas, interviews & MBCams. DANG I MISS THOSE. *fans watery eyes*
RT : Q4 What challenges to education equity still remain today? Please use Q4 to respond & remember the #BVBchat hashtag.
You know what's also yummy? Your face.
Not gonna lie, Don Rickles made me cry.
Are you gonna trim your pubes? or just suprise the lucky lady? HA!
Now that Breezy N Songz start rappin' groupie loves start diggin...Tha fuck outta here hoes, you HIP HOP from scratch or you not.
Another chapter in the books. GM :)
oh.u got so weed
my 11:11 wish is for you to follow me Austin <3
what are the details for #TxLA12 Battledecks?
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
I need coffee. But I'd settle for wine.
HEY! congrats :) how many tickets did you win?
LOLOL @ THE VIDEO.
Don’t run too many miles too slow. Running slow, teaches your body to...run slow! Instead run fewer, faster miles.
I wonder if would do anything to get me some phones that work on LTE. 4g is a joke in Phoenix. I want LTE. Wife wants an iPhone.
I really hate when a woman aint self sufficient.... a man don't owe u anything, take care of ur household...
saying no is a very important skill!
omfg you idiot.
Okay now your Putting tape in my hair?
They only make it for Beers of the World.
If an actor finds his or her rhythm, they start booking jobs.
Jon Anderson's in my kitchen looking for snacks. Squire moved into my shed. Bruford owes me $50 for breaking my lawn mower.
o! I love nappo... she is so great. glad you got to meet her!
IT LITERALLY JUST HIT ME! AND IDK WHERE MY PARENTS ARE.
Thanks for the follows!
wow so when you get back u only have 2 weeks left !
Success! I finally have WordPress installed correctly. Thank goodness. That only took six hours...
I love how someone says.. Your son is not having a good week. uhm, lady it is only Tuesday.
u know it! The big three can suck it!
I unfollowed it and kayden still is. Oh & they very first followed me for idk why but I think they're trying to frame me.:/
" Accomplishments have no color "
Take care of the rock Kansas, thanks
Get your free chicken meal from kfc at unthinkfc.com
I would, but surely anyone not up on Ian Fleming's children's work doesn't deserve a merciful death.
Well I just woke up at 12 but it is Sunday and I would normally be napping by now... So nap time here I come!
thank you!!! It's the 2 glasses of wine I've had!!! :-D
peanut butter and crack? Lol
Gulick coming up fast
Really is, check it out!
Yesterday was GROUND HOGS DAY!! I saw my shadow, but I guess Phil the Ground Hog didn't, so SPRING IS NEAR!!!
don't think that would last too long. Money dries up real quick when starting a new family.
There's only one way to truly dispel any incorrect notions you may have about New Mexico: You have to come visit.
Yikes - rendering issues with site using IE7 .. Believe I have it somewhat functional at the moment.. Sorry about that!
Lots of frantic students this week trying to cram in research for their papers... It's nice to be on this side of the homework fence!
Thanks my brotha....hope you're dominating the dance floor my friend!
Watching the Human Centipede :(
Joel-E-oly, I do have a few friends at the Royals... I'm trying to find them on twitter so I can put you in touch.
RT : If cleanliness is close to godliness then my closet is burning in hell
“: get ready to ball when I get back” just kno I'm taking no Ls at the Rec
I need another
same with Montero. Liked that single he hit. looked like pujols for a sec.
#NP Jaheim - Put That Women First >>
Bk frm d doc.. My fat fat done cried his self yo slp mad cause he couldn't talk on d phone poor bby nobody wanted 2 ans d phone #its all gud
Watch hw yo try carry it
is Facebook and LinkedIn combined.. It looks 100% identical.
Gonna Have A Great Day Today.
Learned so much from at dinner tonight!
I swear it aint enough hours in the day
If I'm VT, I take a hard look at him. Coached under Dean w/Roy at UNC. DIII titles. HS experience at Episcopal in NoVa.
Enjoy every bit of your fucking youth.
Watching #TanishaGetsMarried it's hilarious!!! Make room 4 the
FROSTY PURPLE FIRE LSD Bubba is back to melt your pains away by VERY popular demand! SFV OG is in, sssoo strong! Full Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com
Big upset or another win by the best team $$ can buy? BSM over Edina...
congrats, that's really cool :)
It be like that ": Getting high just to balance out the lows"
why not work for yourself?
see that why i dont want to go to jail because some doods gonna turn into something crazy
umm... yeah, i got 2 hours of sleep last night. #imanidiot #bigregrets Excuse me, while I go cry my eyes out.
...agree completely, including the necklace....
your beautiful!!! Lol
:(( Anywho, what you been up to?
The spring season of trivia is starting at my bar. Team name ideas tweeps?
#UpAllNightMusic in full effect.
You love it. Get ready to get tweetified!
not excluding the possibility that an answer in the affirmative only gives more reason to accept disorientation.
Two / researchers featured in the newest I Wonder... episode: and Thanks for being on the show!
My feet are wet
The comments sections of news websites is infuriating. Keep up the great work
Watching The Lost Boys on G4. Hecks yeah!
So you ain't got to give my loving away So all my gentlemen's say hey hey hey daddy <3 love this song :) SINGLE HMU
wuzup i need u on a song
well, it's the company trip, but I have no obligations so I plan on eating, sleeping, and sunning. Jeff's mom is already here
#Obsessions Tonight Mykko Montana Live! #FWM ((t
I buy my bitches fishes.
My sister's family is wack. Except for the niece. She's a sweetie...
I gotta get out of this house
whoa whoa! I'll look it up!! Woop.
Heading to Frys to buy food for the hungry Drobo.
you didn't tell her that?
Northern Westchester Hospital Designated a Center of Excellence for Weighloss Surgery
Working on and Rod's engagement pics from yesterday at the flower fields. They turned out amazing. Can't wait to share
-I was listenin to Ova Here then i thought bout "Ova Here A Gennis Love Story"
The quad is like a Fellini film just now: juggling, chalk drawings, George is covered in sweatbands & Celine Dion is blaring for no reason.
I agree. Idk what's gonna happen with the finale.
No doubt.
We Some Dream Chasers
Already starting to freak out for tomorrow...Gahh I don't wanna do a speech!! Lol
Tune into every Wednesday for their awesome TV show! Meet them 12/30 at our donor dinner for VIPs!
This live-tweeting of the BOS-->LAX temper tantrum in the row behind me is brought to you by wifi.
Malcolm Forbes~ By the time weve made it weve had it.
hey boy let me tlk to u haha
lol it was online
Suffice to say J. Kaplan + A. Winslow finished off the Freud Explosion by reading from a ridiculous adaptation of.. you guessed it..
Strong sensation - Music can provide deep, thrilling emotional experiences, particularly while performing.
Really starting to cultivate some pauper quirks. Lately I've been stealing napkins from... everywhere.
Spreadsheet shmreadsheet. It's all about the colors. And the longshots.
How often is the CPO stock refreshed on the vzw website? I'm looking specifically for a cpo thunderbolt. Can you help?
Inside she cried outside she lied
I remember the days when sent you out your next disc when the one sent to you was damaged. Guess customer service is dead.
one side note. It's very quiet there supporter groups walked out at the 16th minute
you only rentin that hoe for the time being
lol thank you :)
Hey everyone! Go #Follow my band members!
Yo I'm mad tired O.o
yes yes yes!!(: that would be awesome!!
Closed LONG $AUDUSD for +10 pips profit; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 72% SHORT
why are you so perfect? i love you<3
u right
Welcome to twitter and congrats on being named to new roster of Dancing With The Stars
Thanks for the retweet!
fuckkkkkk. and are playing a show together on sunday. and i cant go. i hate life.
die in a hole
thanks papa!
thanks :-) ialways appreciate new music :-)
im hungry but dont wanna get for food
Its snowin like cray cray outside & its cold a boul of soup for dinner would be nice :)
Taking a break to enjoy SF/Fantasy panel w/ and
Oh no, this is going to take awhile to get out of my head!
Thanks for the #Follow shoutout. Enjoy your weekend.
that's a better image.
10 minutes could change your life forever-it did for Cameron Foster.
theohgroup Looking for a sales person for an interactive and marketing. Contact www.theohgroup.us/214-405-5597
At work ready to get off and get high ahahahah smoke gang
he said he dont care
you have no idea how excited we are!!! cc
Settling for less should NEVER be an option.
Nice! RT : Boy's and Girl's Freshman Basketball teams won tonight in their games at Cathedral!! Go Giants!!"
Eating my first golden beet ever at Bluegrass Kitchen. I must admit - I'm a fan.
Looks like it is going to be a perfect weekend for camping! I can't wait to get away and drink beer around a campfire.
Fellow Forteans - any idea as to the possible relationship between the underground booms, the strange flashes of light and the weird sounds?
that's my little sis.
Tia's is NOW HIRING for all positions! Accepting applications 10am to 4pm. Must apply in person! 200 Atlantic ave. Boston, MA.
Last night's opener Fair Game was riveting material. I hope it gets widely seen. Remember how there were no WMDs?
love the draped bed!
Twitter needs a "like" button - I used to get so much done on insurance claims at home
I love h babe :(
This bitch says reprogram his number so we can go on a road trip. All four of us. Lmao man I'm Gucci. I spoke to you you didn't answer...
LT up next
About Us Page is done!
SFE in ATL YOU ALREADY KNOW
Is it possible to quit ur godparents & request & to take the vacated positions. They r adorable
Idon't hate you. If you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
On my way to see Seth Godin. Very excited.
Our Prayers are with you. Treat yourself well, remember to breathe. Love and light to you!
Xavier Avery triples. Just a home run and single away from cycle. Did I #jinx it?
the more keys to type the better, keep on typing, who needs to swim anymore not mee. lmao how do i have friends
Old Colorado City.
Headline: liberals/Dems block democracy in Wisconsin while calling majority fascists. Wow, what hypocrisy!!
I will take a picture of the REAL Jurassic park for you today haha
#allin GAME ON
yeah, well, me either.
HEARTS BLO DRY BAR!
o i c. Lol
where I'd te
there are people in the world that go to bed hungry, but there are people in America that exclude certain food from their diet.must be nice
that is so awesome, congrats!
Tweet w/ me or 1 of the other hosts ( etc) about our tweets, RT things we tweet or answer our ?'s.
Can't wait to see what kind of porky goodness comes out of it!
nope I unlocked my car tho but it may lock bk plus Kay just had a shit party in his pamper
Goodnight all!!
Aren't #tmobile and #ATandT are historically the worst cell phone companies anyway?
How much sleep do you get?
Also Ruben pierces today till 9pm and Currently we have tattoo openings after 3pm with Dag, Thomas and Gustavo!
` Just wishing things could go back to normal ...
Highly productive rehearsal with lots of script and character analysis. These actors are ready to go!!!
Patron wanted books on camp games.
Today @ 3pm on the Legends of Rock: There's Always somebody pulling a scam. Steely Dan sings about an 1896 scam gone wrong.
But i guess it gives me something to tweet about
If ACC gives FSU any special deal ($$), look no farther than OU/UT in Big12 to see how that will play out. Let 'em leave.
• BTW, you should set your goals higher. I know blogs with more followers than 4000.
' It's cool I'll get a cute one lol
Awh! I have a niece too! :)
How do all of you like "One of a Kind" !? We wanna gear YOUR thoughts on it! honorsocietymusic.com FREE DOWNLOAD
Damn I feel old. One of the contestants on the #bacheloretter is Arie Luyendyk JR. I used to crush on his FATHER. *sigh*
:( that's just culinary violence- like Nic Cage Crazy style
Grateful to be ALIVE!
Volkswagen Beetle Envy Spurs Pursuit of 10 Million Via Up: Cars - BusinessWeek
omg temple run is so addicting!! its like the new angry birds:) loll
I agree 100%
Did you know?! " The first typewriter was called the "literary piano" YOU'RE WELCOME!
RT : "I never think of stories as made things; I think of them as found things." --Stephen King
agreed. modeling helps in so many ways.
P.S. The winner will be announced next week and may attend any of the last 3 shows!
Going to watch UP-W Metras in the 5pm hour today. I wonder if #132's going to pull an OB train on this line during that hour. Oh boy!
Anyone's office building HOT this week cause the summer cooling system hasn't kicked in yet? Pls let me know for my noon weather story! Thx!
are you going to the KState game on the 17th?
there's like an hour wait at endless summer and I knew 90% of the people in there
And i never had a job you know i had to sell Yae. Bitch ima boss I call the shots, Im with the murda team call the cops
bro miss you, how are you? Evrything is ok?
RETWEET If you love yourself ! :-)) <3
Yup! “: So your reward for getting into the Brooklyn Half is having to race a half-marathon? Runners are cRaZy people”
green beans, and neck
I am positively DYING to see/hear these things on video. Keep us all posted if you find any :)
don't mention this Tuesday thing to lucroy....
Something must be going on. Kinda weird
sounds riveting for that over 65 crowd.
technology... :) problem solved // we need to get you boys in the mag!
i can't wait to graduate.
Those halftime concerts are dumb
My bro just came home from jail... And he is so ANNOYING now
Landshark=new favorite beer. Merry christmas to me!
Hey crazy bitch (;
can you tell Bro G, I wont make it, didnt have his #. Sent you and him an email.
Thank God i'm amazing and can get ready in less than 30 minutes...but with that said, does anyone know of an alarm clock attached to a light
Yesterday I learned a lesson that's sinking in: Sometimes you can't redeem yourself you just have to let go. I'm becoming a grownup!
#Bestpartofmyweek is seeing :)
She just saved $600 on her stuff...
tomatoes want full sun and regular water. but you'll want to put a tomato cage around them, which usually discourages the dog.
God. Yes.
I like it! Paris?
#nerdland trending...just love me some
#mlanet12 ToDo list: Move docs to cloud, test G+, buy iPad, pack MIS brains, order #drinkingsig shirt,
thanks. Are they spicy? I like wings so hot they melt my face.
Golden #Birthday officially over.
jon is awake from his twitter nap
See you boys at the yard tonight. Time for us fans to do our part in this season!
With budget cuts schools are facing & the added accountability we are going to be like a farmer who has more sheep but fewer sheepdogs.
oh snap!
you mean great? lol yea it is!!!
BRT applauds Jbs Council report. Check it put www.jobs-council.com
Glad to see you like our sense of fun. We are doing what we can to add some fun back to flying here at MKE. Happy travels!
Roger that, Captain! Sometimes you gotta do what's best for the books! Thanks for your support; ROYGBIV all the way.
Truth yo. RT Turns out Boston is the shit
#ifonlyicould go back to the way it used to be between me & #oomf ..
Btw: Happy 4th of July everyone!!! Can't wait to see the fireworks tonight :)
Big ass house to myself, no one here, all weekend,...# EVERY TEENAGER'S DREAM
ditto kiddo .
Wasn't prepared for the Easter egg hunt to find my meeting room this morning.
Reading about Latino Day at the Capitol in MN - great to see energized political activity in the community!
you watch TVD? :O
Today we feature something light and refreshing: Lemon-Herb Roasted Chicken. (it just isn't ready yet so we don't have a picture.)
The last good thing i have left and you had to go. Perfect!
but it is sometimes fun to get on with a lot of people.
I highly recommend the smoked turkey at
time to amp up my swaqq XP
I went indoor rock climbing this weekend with my wife! Thats an awesome workout...and a lot of fun!
thank you guys i enjoyed my birthday despite my terrible sickness.haha.rap loves you
that's awesome I wish I had a dude for that !!!
#TaxReform Drop Corp. rates to 25%. Eliminate all business deductions except payroll incentives and Cap Ex for co with revs over $500MM
why the switch?
20yrs ago the ability to listen to your customers' conversations would've been priceless. Today it's pretty much FREE
That was a fair block
Don't Cry for Me: Madonna Parties on in Wake of Pirated Demo
“: Im bored..... Who wants to talk to me??? :)) lol”i feel da same ways right nw wea erbody at
I feel like im getting sick :(
If you want to feel good, you have to go out and do some good. -Oprah
come on dude,
Woww is all I can say.. R.I.P Whitney Houston
Something about that was stated in a WISN article that wasn't in the JS article.
Change and growth take place when a person has risked himself and dares to become involved with experimenting with his own life.
The Weeknd go hard .
I think I have drag Momma ...
Chinese musicians sound off at copyright changes
While a somewhat rhetorical question, we have folks in both camps: those keen quash the new: how many hrs/wk are you ready to "tolerate."
thank you. <3
wasted time wasted skills wasted energy making a living by doing a job i am not meant to do like so many others displaced from their field
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. But don’t make her fall if you don’t plan to catch her.
Then she told me it has Christian Slater in it. OK, I'LL WATCH IT, BUT ONLY CAUSE I'M FREAKING IN LOVE WITH THAT GUY.
I had K+ to giveaway. No idea what they do, but thought it would be nice. We can't go tonight. I am 2 sick.
Just landed in Vegas, will be sporting #Packers gear during my poker tourney!
Perfect thing for my sick day. Thanks!
there is another one in July, August, and October.
alright!! I'm still scared though..
4 Days and 21 hours until ! Make sure you stop by the for some fun family activities, we are open daily
#kids Head for the Cure 5K - North Texas at Granite Park I, Sat, May 12 8:00a: Join us as we celebrate the lives & legacies of those...
Great coffee this afternoon with Art Alliance's M. Powell!
sounds good. We make hits
RT : "New record! 126,000 Erlang processes on Raspberry Pi. Who said working wasn't fun :-)" <- Fun! My backorder is killing me.
WE MAKING HISTORY OVA HERE DON'T SLEEP ON US
How was the Refectory?
Everything cost alots of money here!!!! my rent is over 1,000$
Happy New Year Everyone!!!!!!!
why did you stop uploading your videos to Youtube?
Also, didn't forget about the autograph... Like I said; I'll get it to you when EAU's finally out :)
Just heard giving a statement about the street car on 5 days after swearing in, she's already working for Arlington!
The Construction Zone tonight! SRO available, but otherwise sold out. Take your chances - it sounds like a great play by Cori Thomas!
things are going well!
I can't get my bacon to come out the way it does at the diner.
your hair is perfect in your twitter icon #yesinoticethesethings #quaffedtoperfection #actorsproblems haha
will do!
I have 135gb of video I need to burn to DVD. Whats the most efficient way? Anyone have an article? I have access to Final cut and Premiere.
Did you know the Davie Shorty's has been open for 25 years?! Time flies when you're eating good BBQ!
Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max "The Body"
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 33
"I believe the road to hell is paved with adverbs..." #StephenKing On Writing.
BJ Raji is the best! Did you name his name was on the table for potential kitty names?
I was just sorting through my pins on Pinterest. I had accumluated over 1,000 and only used maybe a fraction of them!
#muse2012 Matthew, my sentiments exactly. I calendared a registr reminder for Feb 1 2013 for
Not cool. def. feel stupid. lol :)
they are ticketing in Dudley - actively
appreciate the love
thank you :)
sweet! I'll send you a note about dates, etc.
I have the knees of a 60 year old man.
"We be All Around the World"
I was SO mad at my mom, then she gave me her IPod touch
Random men telling me to smile is so annoying. I truly can't think of anything that is less effective in getting me to smile.
#Teamfollowback I want more followers
might be getting the other side of my nose pierced tomorow
It is our pride and joy to make it as easy as possible for you to plan for future by organizing your affairs.
“The public wants to understand and learn in a single day, in a single minute, what the artist has spent years learning.” -- Paul Gauguin
Ask and you shall receive. Maybe not when you want it, but definitely when you need it.
RIP to the Queen Of Disco Donna Summer.
Getting ready to go to the Dentist =( everytime I go its nothing but bad news and very painful.
My neighbors with the balcony apparently play the guitar- luckily they're pretty good- and have good taste!
Flying home from LA.... 17 days on vacation...back at it tomorrow morning! I love what I do...so I'm really excited about getting back!
attention mixing engineers and producers, The legend himself Dave"Hard Drive"Pensado has a new weekly webcast. CHECK IT OUT!
Maybe Movie night~!:)
#WeLiveInAWorldWhere Americans don't know what America stands for any more.
Q: What shoes are you craving these days?
Mr Dentist, why would you schedule me at 1:15 if you knew I'd still be in the waiting room 20 minutes later?
This summer all I'm gonna eat is pineapple sherbet! I'm gonna be really skinny . Loll(;
sorry, i wasn't clear. that initial link works fine. it's the "listen to it here" link that doesn't work for me.
“: the Raine is back! Cloudy skies? Nah maybe night .... SMH!!!
I hope you guys have been watching Magic City. Last night's episode was the best so far.
is very excited to be serving tomorrow.hope to see you there!!!
I Cant wait till da playoffs start
“And all at once it gets hard to take/It gets hard to fake what I won’t be"
I think I listen to it at least twice a week on the Sirius 90's station....love it!
Ppl just dont understand when its over, its over.
keep digging marco!
#Nf my boy
We want to do a show about dating tips. We just need to set up phone lines so you can call in and give them to us.
Bike ride w 8 yr old done. Now onto to a walk w neighbor followed by a glass of red. Thankful before t weekend is over that t sun came out
I have no problems with GIRL on GIRL as long as they let me watch!!!!
We never gave up...through it all..never.
wish I was in your lunch
All the guys are playing baseball while the girls are looking through my grandmothers clothes
if you guys played better you guys would have swept us
After eating bad 4 a month I'm lucky I didn't gain not 1 lb. Its running! I'm stuck at 116 forever so I'm not gonna stress over it anymore!
Utility customer electronic payments = 37%. All other industries = 60%. Work to do!
argggg. I meant = ( on the #cbmore front...
What happens when your will to live no longer takes center stage ??
Time to face a new week. Whats ur thought on dangerous children?, hunger games? More than meets the eye...
Agree. RT : Military sponsoring Carrier Classic makes little sense. Event is on aircraft carrier, do story in military every 2 sec.
#IfYouKnowMeWell , then you'll understand my situations.
hahahaha yeah, probably just gonna get people angry with me.
Actual ad for seminar: "Account Management for Marketing Communications Firms Like Your's is Getting Tougher." Next seminar: spelling.
that's exactly something I think I need! Thanks so much for your generosity
it won't be the same without you! :-(
back at UCF. had a good Thanksgiving break.
the only god thing about today is the weather.
What law, what reason can deny that gift so sweet, so natural that God has given a stream, a fish, a beast, a bird?
You can't get to heaven half off the ground.
Is there a 5th floor of Sardis?!?
Homecoming tailgate on 3 hours sleep? Sign me up.
& leggings with no panties or thongs underneath I c that a lot
Hey Can You Follow Me??? Please :)
Working the rest of the day, Fairs & Festivals coachin with me starts This Sat!
Oh great, "Titanic" is on for the rest of the day. Guess I'm not going outside today. Thanks a lot James Cameron! Sigh.
Atta way! See you soon
Congrats to for winning some of favorite tea. We hope you love it #AB17. DM us what kind of tea you want.
stop cutting up all day then u will have some juice lol
Loose lips sink ships
Even if I fall in love again with someone new, it could never be the way I loved you..<3
Happy April 1 You looked gorgeous last night!
did you know about the free #black slaves that assisted in the #warof1812? tells their story in her new book!
Tony Pietrantonio Knockout: The Brutal Art of the Perfect Knockout Punch [SLIDESHOW]
RIP Junior Seau
Es you here?
Damnn bass cant get a bucket
uhhhhhm hahaha I'm an idiot looks away
I like 's pedicure.
I think we are last, but I don't know about the rest of the schedule. I am letting Greg, the owner, decide.
Do the stinky leg lmao. The things that's used to be popular
ohh that is so cool do u go to the same school as him?
My bro did said something random. That's a first lol
But you see how both sides get out the big guns for this? "linguistically bankrupt"? That's what puts me off.
Dude you're such a twi-stalker
Welcome to my world! RT Seriously, I love the Internet but I'm suffering from info overload!
"Most Annoying" and "Worst Human Beings On Earth" is what that gaggle of retards on that show were saying. Mohr is a dope.
clapping Summerfest fan lady b-roll! I love it!!!
: Hey Bez, I was suppose 2 be there - had a personal ma
lol i guess
Just make sure you write every day. It's the hardest part, but it let's me get work done and drafts out.
Bill = super trooper. RT : lol - that is great. Bill did so good!
Great win for the good guys. GO MAVS.
yes, haha. actually like an hour :-)
#chemtrails Feeling weird for a month.Now after 2 weeks of high doses of organic metal detox erbs am I feeling a little better.
am learning to embrace Halloween; does not come naturally!
Thank YOU Jocelyn! You rock :)
True elegance & stellar service today
Website is up and live.. Go check it out!! www.nwboatsports.com big thanks to the Miller family on getting this site up and rocking!!
I forgot my money for that stupid library book . I hate Ms. Lynch ... -___-
Is it really bad to eat raw cookie dough? I think that's unrealistic.
Puppy mills have been a big discussion on the past couple days. How come no one complains about kitty mills?
The Celtics are on a roll! Come by for dinner before the Celtics vs. Cavaliers game! Gametime 6pm!
Traveling is the vehicle which allows the soul to soar beyond physical understanding.
It's Cyber Monday! Watch The Morning Show on for how you can get your gifts without putting your personal info out there
it needs more Bacon! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Excellent! But if you are in Madison, perhaps we can meet before November. :)
I'm getting sick of how buggy Hulu Plus is on Roku. Anyone else having problems?
I've called my mom 18 times and she hasn't answer >.<
I got rejected by Ben Relles.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Yesterday was the 97th 35-5-5 gm of LeBron's career, tops among active players. (Kobe has 78, T-Mac 63, Wade 39.)
I gotta step it up 10x na
who's ready to go see project x tomorrow? >=]
You were so great at #WPPI I felt like a groupie at the Sony booth but that's ok it was worth it!!
With all this practice I'm getting with Draw Something, you'd think I wouldn't still draw like a 5-year-old.
All I want is to have Justin hug me. To feel his arms around me. It'll make me feel like everything is gonna be okay.
and have a sextape
I REALLY WANT TO HUG YOU. *Cyber Hug*
gonna start my day off by watching #NeverSayNever :) I <3 you :)
Eagles,,,Hotel California
Just tried the Vein Viewer at #ASCO11 www.veinviewer.com it's awesome I Love it !!!
Good night boo :)<3
IF WE SELL 700 COUPONS THEN I'M DRAWING FOR FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! TELL YOUR FRIENDS, FAMILY, CO-WORKERS, NEIGHBORS, SPOUSE, BF, GF!!!!!!
It'd be awesome if Chelsea next faced & defeated Barca only eventually lose to Mourinho's Madrid. Best of bad possibilities
Don't you just hate it when Twitter is down? It feels like you've lost touch with everything that's going on.
love that guy! You need to get him on the twitter train I guess!
oo that's a toughie! I'd say stylist recommendation because I'm more concerned about it complementing my face shape!
*squeezez u all ryte back* RT : hey gals *group hug* love you my vamp sistas *squeezes tyt*
is patient with us.
I've gone w/ free,safe&fun~ ArtsnCrafts,snacks,games&exercise summer mornings in June planned! 3-5pm park-a-day afternoons.
You're brave!
I have no idea which sport it is tonight, but Go Green!! RT : Let's go Spartans tonight!
Only 3 more days to go......I hope to see every one at the Magic Bag on Thursday night to celebrate during the holiday season.
I don't know. Think your boys are in big trouble. KG wants this one bad.
what are we doing up at 4:40?
RT : I realize I don't believe anything I read in the media anymore. Except you guys. I believe everything you say.
Happy Friday!
SO READY FOR #BOYFRIENDvideo WORDS CAN'T EVEN DESCRIBE HOW READY I AM!
run the regret through a sepia filter
Power outage in the Engineering Building
I just added Like buttons for her on each one. Go Like away :)
Thanks for the plug, Jackie!! Love the song (and that you dig Dragonette!)! ;) xoxo
Anyone up for getting lunch?
Although there are, or used to be, a higher end line of true religions that werent so tacky.
What's goodie my G
hyper bundled
NICE!! Improve your strength and biking endurance through strength intervals. You'll be
it was weird! i havent seen or heard about that guy in forever and he was just a person in my dream!
Did you know that bigfoot is also known as Skunk Ape? Why? They can emit strong odors like skunks when spooked. Not all bigfoots smell bad.
Our open house showcasing our green roofs, living walls & rainwater tanks was extremely successful. Thank you to all who attended & helped!
Who the hell told everyone in Hyde Park, West Campus & Clarksville to go grocery shopping tonight?!?
What's your gut telling you today on the nuggets/lakers game 7? You were right for game 5.
Late night fridge raid. Aged Gouda, melon, hazelnuts and leeks spread on crackers. M.
April is National #Volunteer Month, so we are super #thankful for our thousands of volunteers across the valley!
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
I could use some company.
Woot! we love to hear that! :) : still wet hair but loving what has done!! Fun changes!!!
“: Rush is such an expert on marriage, having had 4 of them.”
ma friends say I'm selfish, especially Gabriela Gil .. she tells me dat lot of times. :/
"ENOUGH: Support For Afghanistan War Hits New Low" #huffpost Now they want $3 billion for their army. Can we pay them in Euros?
exactly my point!
RT : We raised over $184,000 last night at our #PartnersforLife Gala!!! Over 3,000 kits will be processed!
you should be on Man vs Food : slushie edition
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/17/2012
WOW #DeadIsland is really fun! You guys should deff pick it up!!
Dear Guys, Cheating Is Not An Accident, Falling Off A Bike Is An Accident..You Don't Trip And Fall Into A Vagina "/
A gossip is someone with a great sense of rumour
Ha I could say the same replacing drupal with manuscript!
It's so pathetic smh
Today I had a science test and it took like all period. We had 15 minutes left and I didnt do 5 problems. I was like im tired nap time! lol
thank God for friends & blessings (:
Thx for tweeting the quote. Your post inspired an expansion of the thought. Check it out in my feed.
uh hi. How are you?
aww well happy holidays atleast you working
Tammy got adopted yesterday! She is a lucky greyhound!! I will mix her
Wow! #Meganwade is amazing. Playing at Sherwood at BBC now.
Ugh what to watch, new episode of #DeadliestCatch or #LayerCake FML
R.i.p. Whitney Houston. Way too young to die
Rates of condom usage are low among adults aged 50 and higher, with approximately 2/3 reporting they did not use a condom during their la...
cheer up lexx! Hope everything works out for you
I hear ya! That is outrageous!!! How am I supposed to survive with a pack of Newports costing me $5.49!
Add me on xbox live! my gamer tag is AtTheSkylines92
lets make a toast! It only has 160 calories! !! Who:-)
what a gloomy day just makes me want to sleep
that's great, I'm the same way. It's progressive metal. Somewhere between #A7X, Killswitch, etc...what r u into?
thanks I guess lol
I did cry a little. Hahahaha.
I've been so busy lately that I can't even tweet.. :(
Never waste a minute of your precious life by squandering it thinking about people you don't like.
hi David, will take a look in a minute. Thanks.
I agree completely! Also, I'm a junior right now. Do the intern positions need to have completed degree upon hire? Thanks! :-)
Happy Wednesday! Today we'll be closed 4-5pm to set up for a FREE PLAY Party! Just $5 at the door for gaming all night. Doors at 5pm, 21+!
Kicking off production on our (my) first iPad app content. Yeee, EXCITEMENT. Also #tonsofwork. Should be worth it. #ohboy,
your birthday is in 1 hour and 27 minutes!!(:
I really like everything you've put together. Keep It Up!
So irritated
“: Javelle got real nasty on the lob..”that fool ain't playin tonight
Excited to start another kitchen update...a small one...still waiting to finish up last bits of the larger one I've been working on!
Watching Lord of the Rings. I love those movies,
Can't Mali just have their election and make my globalization project easy?
We saw what happened tonite. Its what his problem has been for years. Its not changing because of Petco or Black
RT : Blues will begin practice soon! You won't miss them!
Hoole Library LOVES smart, energetic, and engaged work study students! Looking for a great work study assignment? Call or email us!
good news! I never crashed and burned of tiredness today!
your new single 'Know How To Dance' ?
Documentaries of whites calling Black people Ni**a/Ni**er,movies and real news reports.So WHY do Black people embrace the word?
Just in: Jared solo set at Googie's Lounge (Living Room upstairs) Sat. 2/26 at 7:30!
RT "90% of Inmates will serve sentences &be released Then what?" -- That's a good question...
*to do. to homework sounds like a dance.
I need a new car!!!
Huh? Did I miss something?
Totally busted my toes up in Aikido yesterday (about time, rly). I go to the foot doctor on Wed but until then it's a lot of hobbling about.
please come back on twitter...we miss your sweet, and funny tweets.....i'm lost without you :(
Why cheat that makes u look weak... I stole this ^.^ but its the truth .
RT : Analytical software needed to analyze dataset is a critical component of the discussion of intellectual rights related to data
Hollywood hasn't aggressively pursued me. Neither have I aggressively pursued Hollywood. --- Colin Firth
Shy person
& marketing $$$ RT : I think #RBNY is more or less past the point of needing names for attendance. They need wins
I have no idea what's going on what did E! news say?!?!?! Did anyone record it or know where I can see it?!?!
Respect goes along way.. Remember that?!
how do politicians/government officials lie/hide truths as much as they do and still sleep at night? Maybe I should buy some ambien stock
haha those were definitely good times
Missed the fast train. On the sluggy straggler. All dudes. Not one female on this car.
Gwen you look different !!
not sure. It's between 45th and 40th. Perhaps the road work there? Counted 9 cops in 5 blocks, no joke.
What a long day!!!
New Katy Perry video is just amazing!
Had a great show in NYC!Big thanks to Houseman,Wild Magnolias, HSIB and evryone in NYC who came out to Sullivan Hall!
Not even over my crotch? No, you're right. Those are so not my colors.
When God is taken out of the U.S. your unalienable rights, granted by God (what are now left of them), will have been completely eliminated.
Sorry. ;) RT “: Damn you got me all excited. RT : GUESS WHAT? I don't know.”
#Factory tonight with the girls
Meet clients at our regular place where they know our name and treat us with affection and respect. This speaks volumes to the client
#wov12 kara swisher says she is not inspirational, rather confrontational.
You're welcome. Looking forward to
Good morning. What a beautiful day for a Knicks win.
I do believe #marketdays will be done again if not
Niggas b on twitter talking some sad shit...I enjoy my life 2 much 4 all that
Photoshoot at the shop for new flyers and ads...photos by nuvi
a beautiful day in Kaunakakai, Molokai!!!! Aloha and Happy Thanksgiving!!
heyy did u know Dynamic Duo is coming to seattle and im looking for a date. How you been?
right on thanks: )
where in Texas?
yeah I will!
Absolutely. Send your contact information to . Looking forward to hearing from you!
is as soothing in real life as in Reading Rainbow. Doing well by doing good are not mutually exclusive
For revision I'm just recopying notes atm for a few sections to refresh my memory and then maybe some xtra readings frm syllabus
Rest easy I have a switch to my light now. No more 24/7 live wire!!!!
-____- ppl must think im sweet or something.
compulsive liar.. smh u don't have to make up big stories to impress me (Key; just be YOURself)
Oklahoma: University Oklahoma Sweatshirt
I would love to see a cam focused on Cena during this.
playing last game of season tonight after working morning shift that started at 2am. This should be interesting...
If you go into the #Big10Expo knowing what job you are applying for/interested in cover letter is a great idea. If not, follow up online!
Facebook is being such a negative noun today.
you would not! At the very least you would take her to the loop.
up watching this law & order #community episode... lmao.
Glad I'm a Packers fan and not a Jets fan.
There's always that one song that reminds me of you
It's lizbeth on lenny's twitter shhhh don't tell her
Is the little foam puzzle piece for #1 backwards? For a school board mailer? I could be wrong.
Listening to Chief Flynn and Margaret Henningsen speak at the MANDI Awards. Great MC picks.
At #tff Mr. B slams the DoE for not allowing his chorus to sing for the #president of the united states.
dunno. Just don't love it; doesn't resonate.
One of the best things that happened to me this year is the books I read. Many opened my eyes and gave me a paradymn shift.
Expresso to the face
Hey guys :3. Just passing by to show some love (myspace status, lol). Stay Mindless. -Arlene <U+2665>.
"You know what it's alright b/c my boo probably has fed exed me a new pair of shoes!"
Good Day to You! :-) Announcement #1 I have exceeded Twitter's following 2k limit. Please excuse my inability to follow You for now!!
Need some mind numbing TV!
I'll try to make it out brother!
: You are correct about why Amazon should be taxed.
One track mind...... Can't keep up with mine.
thank you! :) & even thouqh i'm not a mother, thanks! ;) haha.
Changing people's lives!
8 days & counting people.
You might be the most prolific tweeter ever!
I love the boys that dont ask whats wrong, they just put their arm around you and say "Im here for you"
#lux fire is out.
#DesignedToDivideBlackPeople White people
I cant even begin to tell you how much I don't want to be up right now.
cnt wait 4 2morrow so excited *smiling really hard*
Really who?!
thanks! Would be much appreciated if you would give use a retweet and/ or a facebook share
big city life !
You Good over there?
Happy Monday soccer lovers. How will you enjoy the sunshine today? Know of one pickup game @ Wallace Park at noon. Any others?
Good luck to the '96 Ladies of in the Nevada State Cup Final! Dare to be different. Rise above. Create a legacy!
You are as cute as an Easter Bunny. Hahaha.
- That's it next year I'm getting on that cruise!, it always seems like an absolute joy and fun time like no other.
I wish I could go to Too bad I don't live close to there.....
“: Mariano Rivera has a torn ACL. Excuse me, while I go walk into oncoming traffic.” gotta be fucking kidding me.
I just checked it out! Its nice. I was looking at the models etc...too
The issue I was having in my last tweet must have been a special character. Note to self: DON'T COPY AND PASTE FROM WIKIPEDIA! ...erg
I once sprayed my hair with Lysol. :)
Everyone enjoying the streaming live show?
Just got my yearbook! We worked so hard on it and it looks great! Yerd for life!!!
Thanks for sharing David -
This has been a long but blessed day, back in bama! Can't wait to see the fam tomorrow
bring some tonight
Now fans just being rude and stupid
God made me stronger today the devil tried make me forget my oath to The Great God but he failed my love is stronger the Devils power
If you like an item, don’t wait to buy it because it may not be there next time.
dish dropped sny, yes, and msg. No local ny sports on them. No cable line into house, no fios, n 2 yr contract still.
if you come to UK there will be no sitting on the bench. You be in the starting 5. Guaranteed!! Now bring home #9!
wow ...holiday! woke up at noon ...now if i can do that everyday!!!
yo bitch kno she doin dick we call that hoe Double D'
yeah I got something in the works. I'll let you know as it develops.
yea bay am bout to now
- The We-Vibe 3 is getting some great play on set today!
Thanks for the follow! Following back. BTW you're up to 101.
Gotta love the old school brotha!!! RT : Jon Daniels do what he do
#Reading Serres's The Five Senses. Brain is broken. Text saturated with interrobangs, wtf's, and "Ah!"'s ... and yet...
": LOL at the girls with their butts on the sink ! :D" got to love those :)
i just noticed natural video has over 2million views :D
He is feeling much better and drinking water out of the faucet as usual. Thanks for asking.
Not only is it #ThirstyThursday but we also got #NFL!! Who are you guys rooting for?
Black and white with straps or navy blue and white with sleeves?
I ain't got it like that pimp lol
COM Theory and Visual COM. Just lots and lots of info...
That was a bit of a reach on my part. I guess I'm just anxious to crush you;) I'll be ready for ya' matey!
You've become a regular King addict! Do you have a fav yet?
bbyyyy i fuuckiing missing u wanna talk ?
The noise of the wheels does not measure the load in the wagon.
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
#TonyParker along with the rest of the Spurs are the reason the Spurs get 5 this year
Traveling for a week and half straight eating 3 course meals and not exercising. I feel like a marshmellow.
I go whenever one of my friends update their fb profile to the timeline format. Yes...Chris Brown is a verb
...and maybe even hold your hand...just for a little
It's 2012 grow up and get it together, NOW!
INDEED!!! ;-) Have an awesome Cali weekend, babes!!!
Swagger on a Hundred Thousand Million and BEYOND!!!!:} GIRLS Talking Bout
By failing 2 prepare, U R preparing 2 fail. ~ Benjamin Franklin
Twitter is distracting me i have to do my SPANISH.
LOL! Nice one.
Ok, the new diamondiscaudio.com server should be fully functional now. New server, hopefully a lot faster...
I use Waze bc the iPhone lacks a native turn by turn GPS. Don't use gamification much. it's interesting when they have themes
If I taught a class in being a fan (" Fandom 101"), yelling "stop sucking, Danny!" would be an automatic FAIL.
Going out and letting off some steam
finally got our keyboard and headset for the xbox and ma babychu got his year live gold membership! <3 cuz i bub him.(:
I'm ready to see "Think Like A Man"
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
no dr Pepper today lol
It was good seeing you the other day Robert! RT : Time to get my float on cc:
Fortune favors the brave
Thanks for following Ol' Floppy Arms! I think that means I can announce: "Scott Lee Cohen endorses Ol' Floppy for mayor!!!!"
no I didn't. We walked in during the middle of ur matches agianst naperville north. You played them first right?
Girls will purposely make you jealous to see if you care
I'm just a drama queen :)
Sometimes you have to forget how you feel and remember what you deserve.
Surkin at hard? ha haunted or summer though? summer right?
Is there a way for me to get beer out of this?
Let a nigga come trippin i wish
lately brides have been asking if we can play with singers or trumpeters- the answer is YES! have a question? send it our way!
I wonder if is at the Cubs/Cards game today. #goodluckcharm :)
save the pizza boxes to waft out the pot smoke.
Last weekend had talkbacks on prep fashion, on feminism, + w/ the cast. Don't miss "Meet Pete" with A.R. Gurney after Friday's performance!
Pretty nice
Sorry your Mom has not discovered the joys of the internet. You just keep calling her. cc:
Thx for your kind remarks about my #ASTD2012 #Learning Transfer session! We were blessed with a highly interactive audience.
please follow she is you biggest fan!96
Fish sandwiches at arbys.
Play ball! The Albuquerque Isotopes' first homestand of the 2012 season kicks off on Friday at Isotopes Park. Who's going to the game?
Me and Jordan Benker :) i wish it was Me and Jordan Benker r friends :D
"Many, many times, the kids with less talent become the better athletes because they're more dedicated to achieving their full potential"
I bet it looks very sexii !!<U+E105>
I didn't think it was possible but I think its making me love Excel even more now (I am Ruler of the Spreadsheets around here)
Been listening to for the part 2 days at least 10 times a day. :)
My products will be all natural I am using pure shea butter and castile soap with the healing properties of the oils they will be the hit
NEW CITY ART FAIR will have an opening reception from 5pm-9pm tonight! We're looking forward to seeing you all!!
We paid for Iraq by spending Social Security surplus. where we're those opposing SS tax holiday then?
Just started laundry to force myself to stay up working until 2.
can't wait for the video game
Good Afternoon Warriors, just a couple more days till Spring Break!
No follows today?
lemme do it. It's easy
Happy effin' Easter, bros. :S
I desperately need to grow taller!!!!! If not next year I'm officially a nobadi as compared to the scary Vball giants <U+E403>...
Just so ya know are gonna be X factor judges!
That Moment When wont follow me );
cute. recommend they cultivate an arrogant sneer as well.
WOW!!! What a comeback by Dallas!!!
“: Aww, I always knew you were smart. Yay for #RonPaul love!” lol
Beer helping a migraine, is that natural medicine or foolish medicine?
NIGHT SWEATS Rehearsal ... puttin' the pieces together
"I was fine til 7:05 til she walked out my door and right out of my life." Happy Jonas Day!
Don't get this Greg Williams witch hunt! What is a NFL coach supposed to say "hm make sure you tackle him slowly!" it's a damn contact sport
White Sox's, A's are coming!!!
I beat the pussy up up up up up up up up
If you make a girl laugh, she likes you, but if you make her cry, she loves you.
Tim Duncan is playing like the old Twin Towers days! One of my all time favorites.
Tlkingg To Heather :* me and her are going to be dance buddies if imma be dane major<3
I keep telling myself "No More Freelance"... Then some opportunity pops up and I cant say no! Good thing I love what I do lol
Don't you understand? you mean more to me than anything in this entire world
ha not at all
spending time in Austin for work. ready to go home and be back to normal. HOw about you?
RT "Trade & Tryon closed" #charlotte Looks like BOA protesters marching down Tryon now, w/ police escort
ohh! hah(: i live in PA! :( Im trying to get him to cm. To Washington DC, cuz i live 2 hrs away!
Homecoming! i look great! (what other ppl say)
Can't wait to get back to SD for the tennis. I've hit way too much off a wall.
Whose going w me and the Cowboys to Super Bowl this year?
Good luck to the Bills rookies at minicamp today
It was the only emoji I could think of using.:(
follow back please?
I will recycle when done. Had no clue it would be that long. What else can I do to make up for this? Plant a tree?
Excited to be listening to the I Heart My Biz call today!
Got this drink in my cup
thanks bro
Have cooling or A/C questions? Send us a post or a DM for helpful answers from our team of the "coolest" experts in town.
And now I discover we're not just randomly being mean. I still stand by my remarks however.
aight bro im bout to right now
said to call you JOEY.... cool?
Awesome! Good Luck!
need some advice, ran across your profile and thought you might be able to help. Follow me and get back to me when you can.
Things could always be worse! Actually wait...things are pretty bad in Indy right now. At least your not Tim Wymer! Haha.
I want see The Avengers, but Chicago movie ticket prices are <<<<
Bynum's 7'0 foot ass is out of shape!...quit jogging and get back in D!
you are confusing the jim nabors character with the HeeHaw character, MRLeaver. AP has it correct.
Everybody go follow Very intriguing little short film, whose makers are wishing to flush out into a feature.
Sorry to hear that! Hope things get better Gigi. I still need to give you the gift I got for you a while back..
Awww never that! I'll be back soon!
you are one hott man in that suit.....good luck on finishing the race babe!!
Thank you Rachel! You will receive your next single session half off!
Currently listening to: Rickey Lee Watson - Somethin That I Drank
What someone wrote on their Canisius transferring notice: HATE it here. Students are stuck up and annoying
All lanes close I-64 East Bound just west of exit 167 (Oilville Road/rt. 671) Drivers should exit at 159/ Gum Spring and use RT 250 East.
Should we bring snorkel gear in case of rain tonight at #Bernays?
Heat wave.
I'm thinking most likely the Antigua & Barbuda matchup but I would love to see it earlier
Just saw #countrystrong for the first time. What an inspirational flick! Makes me wanna get this #countrymusic career started sooner!
oh i thought he was cuz i went on his list of following and you were on it
We'd love to do a reality show on !
Tonight's Drink Special: The Reigning Blood! Fresh lemonade mixed w/ Stoli Raz & Strawberry puree, served over ice for only $6. Hell Awaits!
absolutely that'd be awesome I have that in my bracket
Vote for who is incredibly hot
sigh. it would make me happier if you wake up to it and reply. missing someone is crazy and no god. :'(
If you follow me, I think I will suddenly not be sick anymore. I'll be, like, PERFECTLY HAPPY :)
lol that pic is too creepy
Aww now I miss u!
#Bulls stagnant on offense. Guys standing around, waiting for 8 seconds on the clock then pick/roll.
And why are you tweeting this?
Those who love peace must learn to organize as effectively as those who love war.” <U+2015> Martin Luther King Jr.
God has BIG plans for Ms. Victoria! :-)
Thinking I'm not going to make it into work tomorrow morning
About to watch the season premiere of Khloe and Lamar season 2!
if you can have a big rock and have a man as your rock vice versa >>>>
thanks for the suggestions! for some reason never considered a govt site :)
please follow me
Pissed at Jets loss to Tebow now have to have lunch with former Cowboy Bill Bates today who also coached Tebow in High School
What is your level of obedience towards God and His requests?
the NBA experience!
Looking to form volunteer #Tornado Warning Assessment Group in #Madison WI. Analyze current process advice changes. Contacts?
Ah, thought there was some significance e.g. bookworms. Night owls read books through the night maybe :)
so i guess you aint got nothin else to do but talk about me lol have fun sayin stuff to people cuase in the end its gonna hurt you more
Free big macs until 8pm today all the fat hoes bout to be der ahah .
T2: #mHealth is used to quickly respond to information needs on the spot. In CLM meetings, grand rounds, etc.
Thank you so much! <33
Soon it will be hot! RT : I have mixed feelings about this week's cold spell.....Our Georgia summer is just around the corner.
Giffords a reality check in chamber of politics
nice job tonight in the anchor chair.
Decorating my parents car tomorrow! #NeedTheseTickets!
Second! RT : Shout out to and at #HHAwards!
#sushi with
#bellarinos and are so proud of you congratualtions!!! : )
we sure are! rt is following me... true #bachelor #bachelorette #bachelorpad fan.
Thanks for lunch today fellers! Get me your shirt size & i'll drop some off next time in
twitter on the web is acting up again. anyone else ?
Recommend The Last Place on Earth by Huntford (BBC movie, too) to really understand 20 mi. march concept
Arkansas got what it deserved for hiring Petrino in the first place.
mine do to smh
still awaiting your first tweet dude.
No dinner for me. I ate all the grapes.-andrew pytlik
Get your Basketball on at Ocean Beach Recreation Center this evening from 5PM to 7PM!
call me
Hi Twitterites!!! How are you all this morning? Work, funeral, 4 soccer games this weekend and of course #NFLKickoff!!!
Thx for the RT! Create a fantastic Friday! #RecoveryWarriors!
Flopped mid set vs pair and a flush draw and he gets there on the river. 30k pot. Have 15k now.
i just want to kiss you.
Id explain it to you, but I don't have any crayons with me.
Making up a whole story in your head, Hoping one day it will happen :)
I hope so, I wana feel like that some day!
The wedge? I need a tuba translation.
aha thank you. Your to hot to be a lesbian even though I don't think being a lesbian is bad lol
...and Bone Crusher with all his Mama's side and some. Poor thing was icing along on an old-man came. Looked sad too. Hope my smile helps...
Bouffant salon is open Monday-Saturday 5032244099.
Bron hasn't done that bad recently in the 4th
better: would you rather watch a porn with your parents OR starring your parents? (told to me by a mom)
My gym routine IS my marketing strategy - but why am I not seeing any lift?
Almost to 700!!
take lots of notes, ill have loys of questions
tonight i'm making a photo album for my two-year-old nephew's bday. :)
#libchat ISBN, title, author, cover art & subject School Librarian in VA from NY.
I'm starving, I can't wait to see you. Yo tengo comida ahora.
Get Robert & Alex on Ellen!! <3
5 hours of vodka...what was I thinking? Happy 21st haha. RT : hahahahha enjoyed the party a bit too much :)
Love umps this season. Its a subjective zone but be consistent. Strikes in the1st 3 innings should still be called strike in the last 3.
Thx for RT. Your website is down? Can't click it from your twitter profile
RT : Live chats: 4pm Sat; 6pm Sat Sun; + slew of bloggers @ 8pm Sat
Story of my life. RT : I WANT A FUCKING ROOT BEER FLOAT
Sometimes #oomf gives me no hope.
Getting Ready to Shoot Another Scene for Guidance Web Series <U+E324>
yes... And I have apple care, that means something, right?
If you're scared go to church WKU don't want none! Haha
“I did not have three thousand pairs of shoes. I had one thousand and sixty.” Imelda Marcos
ladies going to your boyfriend or mans or potential mans sports game, show, or any event gets u mad cool points lol jus saying
:D Love your tweet!
that puppy is so cute!
I don't think I've told you yet...BUT I LOVE YOU!
I've been so confused all morning .
Kelly's/Kincaids!
Black Mamba aka "Living Legend" Time go get them!!!!!!
Sad that this has become the definition of 'vintage Zito.'
you're way behind on approving posterous items. Shake a leg.
Thanks! We will keep you in mind.
I dont believe so...
Having respect for EVERYONE & YOURSELF.
I want an Arduino lilypad based sensor gauntlet now
Just got done hanging my fangs in some great smoked pork....:)
Hard at work writing new songs...
Insanity started today. This Fit Test and I have a lot of work to do...
Love and miss you too. See ya in a month!
The quickest way to a persons heart is.... Thru their rib cage.
a girl at my church
he must be really cool.
Pooping in a rich person's house. Priceless.
Happy Sunday, good afternoon! How is everyone?
now i have to go get gas and fail this dumb AP test with a bruised ankle
Missed you today! And you missed my delicious, buttery scones. Hope you are off the couch soon!
What was one, was destined to be continued in slotitude.
Good Morning! We can only learn to love by loving.-Iris Murdoch Have a great day!
thx for coming out- just finished up
Strasburg is damn good... but striking out Pirates batters really isn't anything to brag about., That said, I couldn't do it.
Back from Hawaii. The trip was major!
can I be a grouppie??(:
Avoid reading magazines that reinforce skinny body image. Be realistic and healthy.
Welcome and best wishes!
I LOVE THIS TEAM, LOVE U GUYS <3
This game has gone on so long that I can recite all the Verizon Center ice dasherboard sponsors... In alphabetical order. Now that's ROI !
Sounds like a plan!!
85 bus is officially unreliable- minimum 10 minutes late daily, anything being done to fix?
Seeking an app developer.
this is some bullshit right here
Among many reasons I quit the academia 'ladder'--fixation on who is 'right' rather than what works.
Today will separate the men from the boys. We are clearly standing on the boys side.
It was a good perdormance! I might be the only one on ur timeline that liked it. RT : Oh no, I missed Nicki Minaj!
#SHOUTOUT: they follow back!!!!
Anarchy, My Dear.
prom night which shows that nothing they do is ever enough. Just be careful and have a good prom! :)
Love to Bill Cosby need his help.
Porridge and chapati
Thanks for the follow! Nice curation. Have you read 's Net Smart?
very similiar questions i'm discussing on my FB wall.
coming up in the bottom of the Jackie, 8-9-1 for the Jackies. Jackie, Jackie, Jackie. Call to bullpen, looks like #JackieRobinson will enter
I'm ready for some #Mets baseball. :)
Proverbs 13 1A wise son heareth his father's instruction: but a scorner heareth not rebuke.
what's on your mind??
bc it looks funny lmao!!! Love ya
I've changed. I'm not the same girl you used to know a couple months ago.. So when you come back don't think I'll take you back again.
BEST KIDS SHOW EVER! Yo Gabba Gabba Live! My daughter even rocked out!
Congrats! I hope you enjoy!
are you going home?! Or staying there?
Tomorrow, The Avengers opens in the US. I've been geeking out over it since it was first announced...
Today is Snagajob's 12th birthday!
My TL not refreshing so I guess that's my que to go to bed...
So, Valverde needs to go work his magic for another team. Thanks for dicking up a solid pitching performance by JV.
She is ideed :) RT : r u the real Emily procter
OnlineRehabClinic.com now offers luxury alcohol and drug virtual rehab - 30 days use only $195. Don't Let Them Die, Family can sign on now
oh nvm I just saw the other one! haha I disagree he's awesome!!
Our season is slowly coming to a close! :( Just a few more weddings and then we will see you all next year!
The GAME rules for today. Don't break the law. Don't jack the clues. Call GAME Control before going to a new location.
Oh yeah? Is your whole family from West Michigan?
My beautiful twin boys turned 25 yesterday:)
Right back at cha!! Keep blazing those trails, baby!!!
we love this already! We're already counting down the days till the soap box derby in Atlanta. Thank you RB for amazing ideas!
Dallas Cowboys in the house!
“: You understand me my friend ..” ~ Yes on a deep level. You get me naked in my dreams with your wiles & will
almost perfect night: layin up in bed, listenin 2 music, writin w/e comes out my head, n chillin... jus missin a down ass chick
RT : Ack. I have a cold. Phlegm everywhere. Everything I say sounds Welsh.
You get the award for the best line at the office today: "try and get through my lysol gauntlet".
or does that sound too much like you'll be studying digital objects and activities
How the f does one get tickets to this movie? I WANT. And in walking distance from arclight! Woo!
what ya Coming to NJ or by for=)
Successfully reached over 4600 followers!
In the past hour, we have two new friends...keep it going!
yeah it will be. I'm headed into ballroom F for the influncers talk. Probably will try for a quick bite after.
Hey don't you worry none, is safe warm and dry.
Matchmaker for sure!
A even better question is why are you surprised? So what's the deal
"...which, frankly, is a little like opening up Guns & Ammo and finding a profile of Noam Chomsky..." This is why I read
Diane Keaton Kisses!
Tonight 12pm on we have Anton Bass and & shocking through airwaves...catch you in the mix!
Joe Pa or Ugga the Dog....who had more influence on the their teams over the past few years?
I'm doing bobby brown jodeci and r. Kelly
Hey Arlington - now opens at 6 a.m. weekdays
just sent a link to your aol e-mail acct re: earlier conversation.
Pimp Coffee
My timeline has been blown up by and haha!(:
Such an exhausting weekend. Feel like I never wanna leave my apt again. EVER.
Also, big thanks to our #Nicktastic assistants, and Morgan.
yea you're still on there. This micro test is gonna be brutal!
#realized I have a love/hate relationship with shoes, love to buy them, hate to wear them
Alien 1: Did the humans get our message? Alien 2: Yes, But they named it Dubstep and they dance to it
If work starts on "Easter Basket" flavor now (featuring Cadbury Eggs), it would be ready it time for next Easter, right? Yum!
Hey! I need an update! Been thinking of you guys alot. Be safe! How are you and your princess getting aquainted? loveuz
stoked for the show tonight
Forecast for tonight | A great party with at with a myriad of Ace and Dom. Contact me for info.
it was SO NICE to meet you too! It was a pleasure chatting with you! Yes please I would love to work with you!!!!!
And on that note, I do. And use incognito browsing. Because if the rest of the world is anything like me, beware!
Finally done with Waverly.
I wanna be someones superhero. <3
those are sweet, what they sound like on the pavement though lol
I have just been informed that I will be going to a strip club tonight. Stay tuned, this should get interesting.
New Thumball Catalogs have arrived. Visit www.thumball.com to view. New designs & fresh ideas for Thumball Fun and Learning
Up moving a little. Hailey Anne had A rough night but MUCH better thus morning .
Mondo Cane
I wouldn't be surprised if Kobe injected himself with the Flu in attempt to be more Jordan-like.
listening 2 "Never Would Have Made It" this morn - "And I was at a Crossroads at that red light, trying to get my head right"
#Kman has gotten to the point where he won't let Mrs. GL get him out of bed without a hassle
RT : : "If i'm not leading people to Jesus, chances are i'm leading them to myself."
I've been carbo-loading for the last 30 years or so in case I ever need to go on a 5,000 mile run
both & will present "Web Accessibility in Large Organization's" on June 21. bit.ly/jpExM2
11:11 make a wish! #SaySomethin to me, austin! ;)
Omg am I really watching hockey and they pissing me off kinda reminds me of a redskins game lmao!!!!
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
Hahaha dam i aint shit doe i c where yo heart at
I'm in love with a fairytale... Cause I don't care if I lose my mind, I'm already cursed. <U+2665>
Presenting on how to stop bullying through Twitter! Followers, send me your messages for my students!
DOING THIS
The Arizona #GOP debate: 4 millionaires, each proclaiming omniscience + omnicompetence, thereby exposing fundamental ignorance of the world
About to go hang out and clear my mind.
How long does a flash mob practice before they perform?
Love friendships built on honesty
Someone was on my account -___- I'm pretty sure it was my sister or something but yeah I already changed my password
I wonder who UL hates more Willis or Teague?
RT : Can't wait for the ColumBEST Awards Party tomorrow at !! First 300 people get FREE Patron cocktails on us!
Off to London! Will hit the Tate Modern and British Museum. Any recommendations for can't miss arts scenes in the UK?
great use of symbaloo and nice picture books! Thx let me know if we can help for other conferences!
#MoneyTeam #moolaboys at the same damn time<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
"Don't let your happiness depend on something you may lose." -C.S. Lewis
It's like an angel came by and took me to heaven <3
More #FF Fight for Air Climb friends
Follow me? loved the performance. wish it could be every thursday like old times:)
RT Have camera phones encouraged unethical behaviour at the site of breaking news events? DM answer, please RT (Masters Research)
Just saw a girl sobbing because she heard Nate Dogg died. Really?
Sometimes i wish you can put people on mute forever that way you wont have to hear their bullshit!
Thanks for joining, and for spreading the word!
retweet this post if you like watching the
chocolate with a good cup of coffee is the best remedy:)
The A's sign Manny Ramirez, which proves that Jonah Hill is ACTUALLY running their team now.
Omg I never saw these tweets. Rofl rofl
Woke up wit a headache. Not a good sign for my day!!!
have to be followed also for DM
#HappyBirthdayJustinBieber ! <U+2665> Our kidrauhl is 18 ^,^ You are an inspiration to all of us.
it was nice talking to you guys! :D Have a good day :)
first time evar
come back to pcola I'm bored already.. :(
Very impressed by CUNY Games Network session -- last session of day kept me totally interested and awake!
Haha not your fault!
imagine if Niall knocked on your door and asked you out on date to the beach :')
so everybody going to get that nasty ass popeyes ugh
OEL is one of the best prospects in the league and miele has a lot of potential, hobey baker winner. winnipeg fans are clueless
Busy trying to block out the quality pitching tonight. Let's groove fastballs to Pujols and see what happens! Good plan!
Oomf keeps me happy.... Its weird in a good way :-)
is it going to happen for sure??
Q: What do you call cattle with a sense of humor? A: Laughing stock.
FUCK MY LIFE :(
RT : Digital Marketing Agency, Social Media, Mobile Marketing, Web 3.0, SEO, PPC, Reputation, Video Internet Marketing is...
The true test of inner strength is finding both stalls occupied."
God Damn it.
Friends' Thanksgiving dinner tonight. Should be delicious as long as I can stay awake til 7pm.
“If you´re lucky enough to be different from everyone else, don’t change.”- Taylor Swift
that feeling when you turn up and forget about everything else.
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!
agreed. My Android is down to 65 percent battery . It's only 11:45
Consults on how to write the "moidah's" realistically? Seriously, if I write it I'll keep that edit/consult in mind.
Cya later Dayton!
I Want A Hippopotomus For Christmas, Only A Hippopotomus Will Do Not A Alligator Or Rinocorusis. #Np I Love Christmas(:
Tiger expressed every sentiment that we have in our Inside/Out line of greeting cards.
#bruins game 2 tonight.. Got to have this one
That's the best part of parenting. I can make her hate who I hate.
at #ces #kap2012 - "Half the Sky" Facebook game - micro transactions fund real life NGOs. Buy a virtual goat; give a real one.
Speaking of bad syfy movies: did by any chance did you see Moby Dick 2010. It was beyond horrible,yet I couldn't stop watching
It's hot outside! <U+2764>
Imagine the whole world naked. >> Lmaoo
Turnpike I go! Cedes not playing on this road.
“Danger of hardening your heart is that you cannot hear His voice anymore. God doesn't speak to your ear, He speaks to your heart." -Cymbala
I've never tweeted like this before :O
Can't lie. i am a bit disappointed
word, let us know! One of the craziest and best nights ever! I'm still trying to gather my thoughts from being mind fucked
Hey pastry world at 1500 followers we have another giveaway lets get to that mark!!!!!
You're so fucking bipolar I swear.!
Lech Walesa and Mikhail Gorbachev reached out across the stage and shook hands #nobel summit 2012
It bothers me so bad when people blow their nose. With a passion!!! -_-
J Montero HR to RCF. Wind's blowing out, but he crushed it. 7-1
Susan has officially lost her mind
no shit bro. When Choo got hit, Hannahan got right in Sanchez's face and Moose pushed him back like a sled lol
Apparently U have not read the Pearl of Great Price. Walking with Christ costs me everything - gains me so much more.
If Jesus saw how working people were treated in this country by those filthy poors, he'd be so embarrassed. He'd occupy THEM.
When Vin left i cried every night for a week...It is gonna be sad watching them dance on abdc without Vin but its gonna cool to see Julian(:
Hm looks like in addition to #scandal #CommonLaw with will be a new fav of mine also.
So many kids receiving free swimming lessons today- and USA Swimming Foundation gave Chula Vista $5,000 to educate more instructors
There's a pigeon outside eating someone's street barf.
i didnt say i was bad!!
Time to sleep after everyth being arranged and confirmed I Need my #Power #Energy #GoodHealth ....
SHdc will be launching at the end of this month. Your poker source for all things poker!
Question: Do you prefer: CD/DVD or Digital Download? Can't decide? Check out www.cfnmusic.com for CFN Music CD/DVD, Dropcards, and Mp3s!!!
not all homeless people are poor , they're just too stingy too buy a home
Damn secondary! Step it up!
DON'T LEAVE ME!
I Love My Freakin House dude.
American Apparel men's line makes me wish I had a boy to shop for!
I have the best girlfriend in the world
Josh Hamilton is no joke. O's ran into a buzz saw the last two nights. Still a long seasons.
Can't wait to see u guys tomorrow 1-4-3
God i love the hawks! But i cant wait for baseball
i dont know where to get them.you could look for them on google or something.i have some saved on my computer.
Check out in #MKE's Latin Quarter tonight 4 great food, drinks, and #foursquare check-in deals
A menu from one our fine school lunches: "Fillet flounder, scalloped potatoes, buttered spinach, buttered bread, stewed prunes, milk" [1944]
I'm getting them as well.
It's so calming ^.^
I don't even know what the fuck Spanish is. RT : My Spanish is so bad
I did the 'let it snow' thing on Google; Maybe I'm dense, but what is the big excitement?
RT : Your move, Mitt.
Shower time!
Faizan here from DC, Learning Architect with a focus on informal learning and performance support #lrnchat #amidoingthisright?
I will haha there's no timetable on when my page will change but it will happen.....eventually :D
All Time Low was awesome last night!!!!
Hope everyone had a good thanksgiving!:D
waiting for you to follow me ;) it's 1:10AM pretty pleasee?
I find it fascinating that a lot of folks organize their holidays with greater care than they do their lives.
I have always wanted to go on a cruise and do the jack and rose scene from Titanic ;)
wondering how well twitter and facebook will play together
Ready in 10 minutes?
Set-up stage for new client's social media is done. Just waiting for her business logo and post to complete the process.
Ron Artest needa change his name from World Peace to World War, dang that mighta been corny but i'm up n its late, wateva lol
Buraka was the best on Holy Ship. Can't walk coz danced so hard :). Nice meeting Burakas on the beach!
Samuel Smith: Always a good decision!
One Union.
Thanks man! But if I'm an old dinosaur, the you must be dirt!
Word!RT #Leo's are human lie detectors.
what are the broncos real chances of landing peyton?
We are getting close! Still need some of the printed materials and volunteers organized. :)
#WeWontWork if we can't come to mutual agreements
yes!!! We're now in the final next week the country is happy
If you have a child, cussing every other word is probably not smart
Can we get Rock and BA? I hate the Cardinals announcers.
oh you tease!!! Lol so Friday, bay cafe happy hour?! Then Saturday there is something called wine in the woods. Think about itt
Chase has alerted me that my acct may have been compromised so they're sending me a new card. AKA I go hard shopping for the Kentucky Derby.
Currently driving a big ugly green mini van until theses people fix my car. Argh.......
Funny how you all for getting money yet you ain't got two cents to rub together
. Ew. Don't leave your Kindle unattended around him, LOL.
No crown more glorious than that thorn one she's wearing in that diatribe.
Not yet. I probably won't hear anything for another week or two, at the earliest.
it's cause she practices for me. <U+2665>
Matt: "I'm at Nicolatrtolis right now and uh...I'm over hearing some interesting convos."
#wwhl question for joe You guys all talk about family but it seems like you always throw your sister under the bus
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT YU! SHE OPENED FOR CODY NOV. 19TH 2011
#Libra #Libra #Libra #Libra #Libra #Lbra #teamfollowback :-)
Fuck I'm solo again
i barwly no what happened n found it quite amusing
& others, missed earlier convo abt B/5yr freeze. Yes in q. Equal q to me is savings assumptn of no rtn to mean after 5 yrs.
happy related birthday
"In Barbados, a loud cricket means money is coming in"-Wish I was in Barbados! There is a loud cricket outside/9:30am!! LOL
rue was supposed to be black! In the book it said so... Wtf. Forreal these people need to stfu >:/ that makes me angry.
#DearFollowers Ya'll are the best and ya'll are so nice and sweet! (:
Check out link to My Visual Tours.......click and view visual property of my listings. Have a great day!
Not feeling to great .
Do you know what proportions are?
lol look it up. Y'all known for being humanitarians and passionate about things they love. Gemini duality leads to great debate.
people in my house always fighting and just starting drama just shut up theres kids in the house
Follow Back >?
Y'all Up But Not Mentioning Me.? I'm So Fed Up With My Followers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Tomorrow is the start of a week of discounts! Each day there will be a great product with an even greater discount!
Writing more of my story I'm on page 12, I love writing
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
I am sure I would be. Luckily, you aren't reliant solely on your writing...
Awesome, felder is the man.
thanks for the RT and happy Friday!
dont wanna get out of bed! but have to gotta get my day started pray the lord i get a job soon
Thank you sir! and thank you for your continued support!
S/o to he needs 400 followers he'll follow back and he played in the little league world series
Beale Street, Mayweather fight, Cinco de Mayo....So many things going on today!
The free video conferencing software are nor advisable for companies as they may not give clear audio and video clarity.
Combined ERA of 22.50 tonight, looking sharp, you dicks!!!
My headphones don't work so omw to school in silence </3
Stick with it--- you can do it! :) #HCG #weightloss RT This hcg/low calorie diet thing will be the death of me.
thank you :) its my favorite cut by far! It's so easy :)
#funkkateers follow new list
"I'm going to the supply room, do you guys need anything?" "I THINK YOU KNOW WHAT I NEED."
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE
II timonthy 2:15, study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not be ashamed, righty dividing the word of truth
ah I love
HARDWORK BEATS TALENT IF TALENT DOESN'T WORK HARD. Repeat!
im mader then a blind man at a silent movie
I weep for our future. Such is the state of basic science education. Sigh.
ESPN first take is always best when Stephen A is on. #TeamDazzy!
&status quo always resists RT : Just bc this is a time of transformation doesn't mean its easy to sell transformational ideas
Thank you for supporting marriage equality!
my fish better not die
Sorry we've been gone--it was admissions season for us and things have been BUSY. But we managed so get some great photos...stay tuned.
New Link for Next Monday afternoon in DC Live AllerTrain Class. #FoodAllergies, #GlutenFree Training,
Wanna Enjoy ur Bday With Good Music, Good Food, & Drink Specials? Join Me On Thurs from 6p-11 @ PEJUS
“I’ve entered the x #StonedImmaculate contest
Happy Birthday Lucy! I hope you love your 'Gabba' cake!!! :)
Will we see you at tonight for Kansas City Moving Images - a selection of short films by local and regional film makers?
TY RT : Farmers & Artisan Market will be at from 8-1PM. Stop by for your week's fresh produce.
Poetry Slam, wazzup.
Let's hope my hack is over. I apologize for the messages sent your way. I'd say it individually but I'm maxed out thanks to my hacker.
Thanks to for the loan of an excellent playa bike!
Im so tired :O i was on the phone forever last night.........
Greg Anthony's shirt and tie combo will haunt my dreams
LOL I DIDN'T THINK WASHINGTON HAD VERY MANY ICONiacz. I WAS WRONG.
BigH Mantra: Accomplishment trumps fear. Every grain of accomplishment allows me to discard a grain of fear.
Top floor, dog.
for me ATLiens was called the "naked lady cd" between me and my brother. I never let my parents see it lol.
you and the damn Kings LOL
thanks, I'm already a co-sponsor!
When someone gets to the microwave with their Lean Cuisine seconds before me, it's like we all lose.
plenty, lol though not me. The most famous i have ever met was Dennis Washington
"It's not even my birthday" but it will be tonight!!! :)
miss you too friend ! Let's hangout next week ?
my bday is tomarrow and it would meen alot if you would follow me plzz!!
Baby show me what it is.
The #OurTime slogan might be the best marketing job ever. They made us actually believe that these guys were good.
just starting on twitter and glad i got "plaintxt" as a user name
Never say you know a man till you have divided an inheritance with him.
": I DON'T HAVE TO BE SKINNY TO BE BEAUTIFUL ..."
I like the way you think!
Haha! Me too!
yep blue with white sleeves and the sash across the front!
I vote Uncommon Grounds.
It never seems to fail... the more popular, the less insight.
I am intrigued by a delightful dish called CARROT CRUST pizza. Carrot pulp blended into the dough, only a Californian would think of this!
lol u u got ur guy now I need Coples to fall in the Monstas cave
“Never accept to be second to someone, when you can be first to someone else."
Hey Vince, Many thanks for following me on Twitter.
Why is everyone mad at me? Shouldn't I be mad at you?
Wow. 3 tries to park my car correctly to get gas. Now I know how tired I truly am. Gas cap has been on drivers side for years. Impressive.
Just tried a piece of React 5 gum and I did not feel like I was tied down to a grid of iron while being pelted by fruit.
This new twitter app I got is much better then the one they give you.
Most likely.
You are too kind you Central Park Home Owner! Love my New Yorker's and the "spotlight" to those with property on the WORLDS park!
Whos down to play some poker tonight?
Relationships are about give and give, not give and take. You know you are with the right person, when they give as much as you.
What about the ending of Newhart? Can I like that?
Thanks for the RT ladies!
thanks :) I love it! Thanks for the encouragement. BOOM
u know its like i post a tweet and then like 20 different messages come after and its kinda wierd
thank you! haha
You guys have to make hard decisions and you often look like the bad guys but I think you do a great job.
USA Network talking social with One of the best networks in the social space today.
i actually have a reason to live
well thanks but shout it out...tell ALL of Decatur to listen to it...tell the teacher to play it in class
Outpost for Contemporary Art hosts temp installation of work by Bowers & Koumoundouros starts in a bit, 6-9 PM TONIGHT Come check it out!
i've completely lost my motivation to work out and it makes me feel terrible! Wish u lived close too! We'll motivate here :)
Dear Sir, I'm enclosing a drawing of a spider. Hopefully this explains how bar graphs work.
You just made the state of minnesota so angry.
Thanks for the follow, see you at your open house.
There are a few slow episodes, but some of them are absolutely hilarious. I definitely think it's worth it.
This should be interesting RT : ALA Meets w/ MacMillan, Simon & Schuster, & Penguin Execs on Ebook Lending...
Just found witstream.com thanks to
Good morning to all of my faithful followers. I hope that today you set your goals even higher and dream even bigger!
yea hopefully u do they literally didn't want to stop talkin to me and my friend
Sex is just another form of talk, where you act the words instead of saying them.
Haters will say what they want, but their hate will never stop you from chasing your dream.
RT That commercial (Avion) make me wants to have some shots Lol already there;)
I guess I'm not nice. Oh well lol
A True Blood, B Negative, please.
haha! I remember that. "A little diamond dry and it'll be playable..."
Wrote some music, without even thinking about it. My hands had a mind of their own. End result? Not that badd!
Worth noting that we (surprisingly) managed to enforce 2-day social media embargo; proposal happened on Fri!
i think that shits awesome
I was born without you so guess what? I can live without you.
The 90s alt station is awesome until they play Jane's Addiction and your dogs won't stop barking at the "music dogs."
So first some boy tried to kiss me in school today then some other boy tried to put his # in my phone #ImAwesome (:
Was it you who I was talking about seeing some hot pitcher at the opening day ceremony?? lol.
these are the selections for the NCAA tournament. Don't worry about what round it is. Just that it's Thursday in Portland.
When y'all leaving 4 Florida
"If I had one day to vacation on Anna Maria, I would spend it _______ "
I'm a little short on time tomorrow night, but will certainly try to come out for a bit.
300 people 'googled' us to find our website in Nov. If they made a donation they'd get a keyboard calendar with our web address on it!
Been bout it since I was 12 gotta let me do some #promo #art for the
Nice to see at
enough with the digging into the crack of dirty politics - we know what's there
PTL for an amazing #INCgiving event - tune in, INCMEDIA.org! And now, amazing post-shoot meal ! w/ Cruz & Buenavistas
Loving the focus on fashion and its place in Detroit.
A blast it's so nice to get away, and Lake Sweetwater down in Brown County I love it here, have you been in SC all break?
I still support my team...only now I know how you've been feeling all these years staying loyal to a sucky team....
Got free tickets to a early screening of "Battleship" >>>>
the fatigue will eventually I promise. :) Give it until about week 12-14 and all of a sudden you will feel better
Uncanny, wasn't it? Nice that they still hit it out of the park occasionally.
and t swift, from what i know of
Niggas be lazy in the trap always grabbing my shit
We all have a family member who think they're a professional photographer.
All sorts of cheating on today. :) SE/A this morning, now it's NLM Drug Info with
Finish this sentence: I feel most beautiful when I....
Haaaww! *Tear drop* I miss you too!
I just earned the 'Live To Dance Hokey Pokey' badge on CBS.com!
It's my day off and I have nothing to do :/... I guess I'm gonna go workout.
“: Who's all goin to whim?” that's what I was askin
Thanks for following!
out of all the books I think the prisoner of azkaban was my favorite of the hp books
Why do people add their twitter url as their website link on twitter? To top it off, that is the only information they provide.
Oh Lord, touch this little child with healing...prayers going up for your family.
Late Checkout!!
This anti-immigrant movement is a coordinated nat'l movemnt started by Kansas' anti-immigrant sec. of state,
nice ! Must be all thats great sausage some of you guys are having! Lol. Congratulations!
lmao apparently I thought y'all were rebels! mym! “: "never have i ever....ran away from home..." [crickets] lol ”
Filming in CANO's upcoming music video tomorrow in the lead role of the Club Owner! Look out for it soon!
Omg today is #ADay <3 cant wait to see who "A" is (:
Yeah. You got a problem?
.Thank you,stay in touch!!
GM FB! This is the day that the LORD has made, so I am rejoicing and being glad in it! Who's gonna magnify the LORD with me today???
: is the new Anna Quindlan in stock yet? Is the ' in? The new NF re: Grant? Random wants.
Cant wait for #ChasingTheSunDay !!!!!
thanks love bug, not as cute as u
Dude where's my car?
Basketball game
Ladies and gentlemen I got bad news. #beastieboys adam "mca" yauch. Died from a long battle with cancer. He was 47 years old.
I think Smackdown is overrated, the matches are very predictable, too much talking and in the end, the faces always win
E, if it's any consolation I was very close to not meeting Patrick. I was just walking away until he appeared
Yep, walked all the way to the lobby with no shoes on. What Powers of observations I have.
DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH MONEY U HAVE ,THEN UR BROKE LET ME SHOW U HOW TO GET PAID 5 TO 10,000 A MONTH BUT NOT IF UR LAZY
And here we go!
Just told my mom we sat at table next to Mitt Romney's family/political friends this Sat. at Bye, Bye Liver comedy show. Didn't believe me.
hopes to make community sharing easier, more accessible and safer. Pitching now at
Captain Jax making love to pressure! #GoSpursGo!!!
Good stuff! RT : I usually drink hot water and lemon in the morning to flush out my system. Makes me feel fully energized!
More importantly, we does Gallardo suck bad vs them? “: Why do you think the Brewers continue to struggle against the Cardinals?”
The fucked up part is no one talked shit and no one started negative and he just went off on twitter afterwards
Here we go!!
Leaving Las
Thank god I live over a Starbucks
Become a member today for free and receive amazing deals and savings. Check it out. www.dealohhh.com
Not getting what i wish for
I HATE YOU, THIRD DIMENSION!
Applications to audition for #LastComicStanding are due TODAY at 4pm!
RT : it was a honor to be on the panel with you, btw follow to fill your bookshelves! Wow! GRACIAS!
... is this rain for real right now?
kickback tonight <U+270C>
blessings always come back! Good for you!
glad to know I'm not alone :)
why thank you my dear!
I'm a girls dream guy! Easter Sunday = sitting at local pub watching golf and baseball! Go
I don't get how people have time to take pictures during class? Don't you have more important things to do? Like WORK?
iits the Mrs.
What a long day. Ah, ready to take a nap.
Wondering which #beer pairs best with your #NewMexicanSoulFood? Ask your server. We hired them because they're smart!
flirting with their bf they go Crazy!! And start Cussing! & glad you didn't. You have Class (: but that's not a question!
IM ADDICTED TO YOU (;
I loove youu;) I absolutly love your videos and ur amazingly hot;). Ill give you a cookie! If you follow me;D-Savannah Carter;
Your suffering is not punishment. It is development. He is making me market place ready! It is a light affliction!
I wonder what is up to. Probably being #twilightlicious :)
It is reaaalllly hard to work so close MSG when #cuse is playing in the big east tourney and I have no tix!!
Lol but by junior year, that shit is normal..
No Hudler for the 2nd day in a row! Things are lookin up.
for sure
. #Capitol4th tribute to the troops - War at Home - just made me cry.
I have nightmares sometimes about my thesis just saying
agreed. If ur not excited about Prometheus, you're letting the terrorists win.
The Bexar County Casual's watch party is at Alamo Heightsn
Heading to Cheyenne to see and in concert. Should be AWESOME!!
appreciate that
But you shouldnt have..
good luck and enjoy!
2nd worst sleeping experience of my life, 1st being box city. Oh MRHS!
I can't wait to see it :) x
. Hope you enjoy INUKSHUK!
We believe live calls provide users a better service - only 7% of incidents logged by email are resolved in first contact.
Seeing Chimpanzee with and later.
lol, nope, creating a profile for my S.O...&then I get to the actual application&first thing it asks for is SSN...duh?
oh goodness<333333 i think i just died .__.
got a most-valuable twitterer? Twitter him or her with the tag
": Wow FLOTUS! #scandal" She is an evil, evil woman it appears.
Best currently-known concepts/things: 1. sports bloopers; 2. various kinds of justice, social & economic; etc.
Yeah, they always had them in the new cafeteria. I'm pretty sure that's what they are. I would always get 'em
Texas D1 Morse knocks off mighty Minnesota PumpNRun 65-62 in Best Buy Denver semis. Team play and composure to overcome a late deficit for W
The Large Endangered Birds
The film is a good debut with a good lead performance ... and that's all
can't wait to see it super excited!!:)
Slowly realizing u cant rely on ppl all the time
The car has gone to the garage with car flu. Better get some serious mileage on that writing treadmill before quote comes back.
Today in Blues: Blues harmonica player Sonny Boy Williamson II was born Dec 5, 1912, (uncertain) in Tallahatchie County, Mississippi.
um wait ... is that a good thing?
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another. ~George Elliot
I want pictures
You have to be better than everybody else by doing something both dynamic and unique.
is mildly afraid after grad speeches, and the Star Wars theme, her mother may make her repay her education cost.
Had so much fun last night! Rachel is super sexy and sweet and the music dominates heavily! Thanks again guys
Early #BdayShoutOut to me!!! 12min until my #bday. Yeah buddy!
OMG <3 lol aww i told u everything would get better! :D
The best present ever....is to be present!...Thank God!
We'll be seeing you in Mequon tomorrow ;)
we have it reeeallly good in msn - Steve, food not pretty at the show... unless you think bags are pretty...
Congratulations grads!
what happened to today?
Happy to help!
On my way to the marketing analytics summit by
Newest HUD numbers are out: 636,017 people experience homelessness on any given night in America, down 2.1% from 2010.
There has gotta be a better way
We will have it sent Monday Thanxs
GO BEARS
true, we did indeed.
Steve Williams said of splitting with Tiger: "Needless to say this came as a shock." Going full-time with A. Scott
I am determined to go to Priscilla and get a picture with you before it closes!! xo
estupid r u gonna stay awake late today :D and yesh ik we have a special bestfriends relantionship.
words can hurt a lot more than most people let on.
hey r u guys home yet? :)
got a twitter !
Friend: *Shares a bag of chips* ..Best friends: *Eats them all, then gives you the empty bag* "You can have the rest."
We Love Selena is trending worldwide awesome :)
Thanks, Andy!
Loving the sheep's milk ricotta & pear ravioli at Telepan
Dont lie to me , i already know the truth !.
Aww thank you! :)
I can't say anything with this chick around!
Feeling unwanted.. <<
Twitter is way too quiet when isn't tweeting :)
go pix mix!
Need some retail therapy to cure the rainy-day blues? Come see us! Lots of fab new clothing & accessories in store.
I Made it to Paris News!!!!
Feeling a little slow after yesterday's Cinco de Mayo fun? A little hair of the dog at Happy Hour may be in order!
People ask me, "R. L. What makes what you have to say different from the rest?" Well, I have the credentials, the potential, & the influence
Ugh I hate when I can't sleep in
Monday 12/5: Join Board Member Jon Kean for a members only event on "Hollywood and the Holocaust" 7pm at the
Our new twitter spot, watch for cool promotions here!
How many states are embarrassed to be part of this same country as North Carolina tonight?
Mediocrity happens when you stay around "yes men". Get around people who not only speak truth but live the truth.
“: Church <<<<” you going to hell
From a 3rd year guy. Jennings on Leuer: "Rook came in and did great job. might have to give him the day off tomorrow."
Ron Paul wins Idaho Straw Poll!
All the good shows, their Finale are this week & next week =( wa. I hope Revenge isn't on it's finale =O I'd go Crazy.
when I tweeted that I wanted cookies last week, that didn't happen to me. cc
It's downtown
At least you are now on the bus.
I can't believe Brandon Marshall was traded to the dolphins for only two 2nd roud pics one this year and one next year
Watch my Film " Enemies Among Us" on Showtime yall!
$11 bucks to watch the bucks game? On TV? Really?
I'm on now - was away from the net for the weekend... what's up?
fast-forward through ALL the commercials! :P
Will Plax have any fantasy value this season?
Friend asks how can avoid becoming president. Easy: he's ineligible, having been born on Krypton.
Tear the roof off the sucker
The gap in thoughtfulness between a typical essay and its comments is one of the widest conceptual chasms in the known universe.
you should be the first janoskian to follow me
Stay on your grind no matter what. The ends always justify the means.
What’s Up with Bloggers?
Sometimes..I just want to line people up..point my finger at each of them...and say, "Fuck you...and fuck you...oh, yes...and def fuck you."
"This song goes out to my wife, it's her first mothers day, it's called 'Belly Full of Blood!'" just now at #CIP2012 HAHaHA!!
There's something magical about sleeping until 2 on a Sunday.
haha imma throw that in there for ya!
Preference Poll: Microsoft Powerpoint or Apple Keynote?
herself, confident and just an all around nice and smart person.
Great workshop today. Inspired by the talent and commitment! A great Sunday in the theater...
lol Jk jk. U know I lahh you. :) Edgar does the dick slapping round there. Lol
Playing the tower bar tonight (sunset towers), in duo with Gordon Bash. 7:30.
Yay its over!!!!
When you read a lot of their Wither The Mountain Towns of Colorado coverage in one sitting, it becomes really obvious
Ive found premature tweeting doesnt jinx soo- I potentially just got free tix to 2 nights of Jack White and Alabama Shakes in Nashville :-|
Its true, but I'll take it. Its also somewhat comforting to see them alive in a dream than none at all...
text me i have a question lol
wow I was only in there for a week, then i went back for 3 days...then back for two days...and now just a check up every two months
looks awesome! I might see you there on the 21st.
*goes back to the room, falls across the bed, rolling onto my back. Rubs my eyes, yawning* wonder if there's any pills? Maybe just a nap
Well, I voted 4 Karina and Derek, but either way Karina Best have that dance
He felt now that he was not simply close to her, but that he did not know where he ended and she began.
Excited to play with the AllStar Alum Band 2nite! Equally excited to be returning to the at 8:30pm. #Free &
It' National Kissing Day. KISS AWAY! Oh, wait...I'm single!
You said it, I didn't...even though I may agree that such a thing is open to debate.
rt Nehra drops Ravi Teja off his own bowling, and the next ball is scooped fine for four. On such things do matches turn.
Kids get a day off from school and what do they do? Play school. Go figure.
it's like you took the words right outta my mouth...
Song of the day.. Hm must choose a good one.. Lol
Before reaching for snack food, drink some water or decaf green tea. Green tea suppresses appetite.
think Biden forced the President to make a commercial in favor of gay marriage before his 'gaffe' too?
Think we got everyone, but let us know if you didn't hear either way from #thatcamp Austin - we're here to help!
what am I doing?? I'm twittering, what you think? Happy mothers day...
RT "10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope and Johnny Cash – Now we have no Jobs, no Hope and no Cash."
pink hat crew! They cant get enough of our hats!
. celebrates National Roller Coaster Day on 8/16 by offering thrill seekers free rides on The Desperado roller coaster!
Im sleepy but ima try to stay up till my brother come from prom
Eric Chavez has been cleared to participate in baseball activities. He's just awaiting word on being cleared by
I was born ready!!...lol I need another new project 2work on anyway!
Just killed it at the gym heavy sets today.
Have a great week everyone!
Come to Texas, you stupid nincumpoops.
Just Happy This Is Going To Court": Special prosecutor Angela Corey: she says her prosecutors have won and lost Stand Your
to the random chick in the avi, when u awake. Good Morning Haha<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
So how do we RETHINK Detroit? Can we RETHINK it ? Is there a solution, a vision?Where do we go from here?
lol your hash tag!
Working out, then teaching guitar lesson
The old Vermes is back...hope the 7-0 one comes back soon.
No. A natural born citizen is one who is born in one of the 50 US states. PS, Hawaii is a US state.
if u carry all that bass, quarters etc then you are a bad bitvh then
I have a weird feeling about today :/
LET'S. GO. DEVILS.
"You're killing me smalls!"
worked out doing Pilates (pick your level weight loss pilates video on netflix)for 30 minutes
Hey ! For the month of March we are saving you $15 off ! Bring your $30 and get registered in March!
Compromise has never worked. It only advantages the uber rich, so fuck you.
YAY for band practice.
thanks 4 the tweet 4 the non-profit class #hispz it was great!
im sorry :( I actually did knock on his door&call his name but he didnt answer so i was like fotget it :-\
Ouch! Boo Beckett! RT RED SOX: Boston radio guy noted that Pats have won more home games (9) since Sept than Sox (8)
Damn I know I dnt got it all up there but what I'm scared for is Me going crazy on bitches and waking up in jail not knowing what happen!!!!
"Through all the hard times in my life those nights kept me alive."
I like that that line also describes suburban America's collective 11th grade experience.
do they shuffle themselves and predict the future?
That nap killed my headache. Hallelujah glory days.
I would love the opportunity to share my work with you. I am a green sculptor based in Chicago. JeffreyBreslow,com
love you DONUT! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>
well thats no way to say hi.
Tired dealing with grumps....lol
Oh you made a chain of cheeze itz at lunch? Tell me how cool you are.
Aww, once again medium brown dog, you know exactly when to put your head on my lap
Hear, hear!
good thing our panels are over cuz we'll be hoarse tomorrow. So much fun!
Congrats to for taking the TLA Cult Award! Fan-Tastic!
Ah, reconnected after wifi and data deprived in Ottawa! Cool to see what Canadian colleagues are doing with web, mobile & social at
Hi! Thanks for stopping by #TwSIG. I like sharing your work with others. What's your next paper on Twitter use? Let us know!
#Hates #when my #stomic #hurts CieraMariexoxo
I can get you on the list. I have juice.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Barbour County until 02:00 PM
Wonderful to know!!! RT : awesome! Our team ended up raising over $5k selling funnel cakes and the event raised about $250k...
while everyones packing for spring break , I'll be at home looking out the window .
Come and join us for a nice and cozy Saturday night! When the weather is doubtful remember that Salute it the coziest spot in town!
i will be streaming later on today with the gas mask challenge please to come on by when I do go online thanks all
At the High Museum
Presumably thinking twice before signing aging, declining starters and players uniquely unsuited to Fenway.
just a typical giant's decorating scheme! there's always room for more with the new album and tour, right?
did you get the package that was emailed
No, not really for me. lol
no more NFL pro bowl.
Did you know the Seattle Human Services Department funds 16 food bank sites across Seattle?
The Drew Petterson movie is amazing with KaleyCouco<3
always ready to get down with hunt!
No, the 2010 vendor gallery is no longer available.
Laker fans have your brooms ready
Buy - Sell - Lease - Refinance in CA
Oh yeah, I ran in a marathon yesterday! Totally inspired by
i have so much faith in them and they let me down
make that two of 'em! you'll slay them either way.
Yes she can and I've no doubt she'd be on your end of the RPG lol
Enjoy life and it will show you more and more to enjoy. It will point out your desires of what you want life to be. It is all already here.
Yeah, people usually say they don't care about something when they care too much.
Happy Derby Day, Listen To The Weekend Sports Buzz on 1450 AM 9-11am
The crazy part is, I think was changing 's diaper when he sent that tweet:)
shall I suggest our favorite place???
Getting ready for the operations meeting. We in the home stretch....
People often feel that communication is as easy and simple as it sounds
Humble yourself. Learn something today: "Arrogance leads to strife, but wisdom is gained by those who take advice." - Proverbs 13:10
Tan time, YEAH!
yo just saw your msg! holler back!
More times than I care to admit I've wondered if the answer to everything is indeed Charo.
After a full days work, living room and hall are now "raffia ribbon". Now for my reward! I'm goin out with my boots on!
Please win this before ot..ot could be 3 am : Please win this in OT Flyers"
Germany just got lucky...
O Hell Nawww
i cant fucking believe Harry got an Audi R8, marry me and let me drive your car >:o ( its my dream car btw)
Had a good time and a little freaked put, but time to get some sleep finally.
Cristina is so cute :') I love her.
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. <U+2665>
You know you want a "Dude, you should tweet that" shirt. And we're taking advantage of this huge screen. Holla!
- I'm an actor coach. 90% of my students have agents. I teach actors how to run their careers.
I'm so done with all this, I didn't ask for this.
The Internet is the only place where you can turn social capital into other kinds of capital- at
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers who take care of us :-)
why u so amazin
Men are easier, they just see what grud.A that's us, women will be a surprise ...
Indeed it is so. 16 x 26 Starclassic in Red Sparkle Fade. Also a 9 x 12 and (soon) a 16 x 16. Bonham much?
ratings. Smatings. I expect more along with the others.
thanks Mark. a shot in the dark off a few descriptive words, let me know if he has something else in mind.
Warroad defeats Red Wing 5-2 in the Class A third place game to get the day started. Championship game starts around 12:15 p.m.
San Diego SHOWS ADDED!! Come out Come out wherever you are! Plus, MARCH 2010 TOUR w/VIVERA is gonna be.. ridiculous. more on that later :D
Ikea? They're the best. (I also have an Ikea bed. Totally feel like a grownup.)
Welcome! I'm new to Twitter this week too! When are you coming to town? Maybe we can collaborate on some projects later on.
Thanks, yall! Can't wait for you to see it!
Brag: I have a 1st Ed of Line Of Beauty signed by Hollinghurst *and* Dan Stevens (Cousin Matthew)
:) What happened to your followers/following? :( RT : #NF again
Isn't Mr. Bachmann already the Swiss miss in that couple?
Nervous today.....I hate things that I can't control.
got ya
Hey fans! We Are Closing In The Next Few Minutes, And Will Resume Activity On Sunday! Well Be Waiting For You!
Oh good! In theory I should be unjailed in 5 minutes.
seriously?! MSI?! Awesome.
Unfortunately no, he does not follow me :( And no problem(:
spotty connectivity is one of my major concerns in that area. *my* phone didn't work in my house until recently.
So many fun apartment things. So little money.
Waking up tired <
“: My only good advice today is for you to follow the great and learn more about her important work.” Done!
Good thing you have a pic on here. almost blocked you!
Ah This essay is such a drag! Ha and keeps distracting me!
I think good side cocky, that cocky that will help the def get pumped which is what our def needs, an attitude again
boo to that.
Cautiously I celebrate my pending "release". I have accumulated 6 massages. Yay! #massageenvy here I come!
Ohh and text me i gotta tell u something!
Trying to change my profile pic but NO it's "too big" grr..
41% of French men and women admit to having taken part in group sex.
Did you know #NoelCoward wrote his first play, "The Rat Trap" at the age of 18? Learn more at the #exhibition!
The Grammys...suck, so far.
If you aint freaking we aint speaking. "You think im playing? No im not!
The Final Wiscojekt: DELA + SIRFICE + JASON ALLEN - this Friday. Deep Tech in the House/Pub! ALWAYS FREE. ALWAYS FUN. COME CORRECT.
I want to thank my cousin for the concern and help I really appreciate it and things get better as u said
Check out our single "Vibe" everyone!
While the spirit of neighborliness was important on the frontier b.c they were so few, it's even more important now b.c they are so many.
no only me hey can we talk tomorrow I need to go to bed if not I won't wake up 4 school
IHEC Blog SPAM: "I will be social bookmarking your online net website i genuinely can simply amass way up via the possible."
Let's get this going! I want "if you leave" by omd
yeah... I gtg tweet ya later! By CiCi lol
I would say after long day "chillaxin"
watchu mean against us ?
RT The new #Hyundai #Elantra is impressive. Exceptional value, refinement, nice design. VW, Toyota - you're under attack.
Having succumbed to a stomach flu, I bequeath my Dark Horse dinner reservation to :-(
THAT is quite a long day. Good for you man.
an easy-out from his engagement to the she-man. Boom.
Procrastination Is The Evil One.
Just voted yes for SLA's proposed new name Association for Strategic Knowledge Professionals.
rock on. ::karate chops:: < see I'd be a no belt.
RT : If you give it up too soon he won't respect you. You deserved to be pursued & cherished. Make 'em wait for it.
its game day!!! #whodat baby....
2:30 and still up bored ..wish i was out having fun
Building my new website...Byron- HELL!!! :)) Bella Fitness Group coming soon!! Changing lives, fighting obesity!!
The Colts will play the Saints in Super #44. I will bet on the Colts since they have been there before and this is a first for the Saints.
My insecurities could eat me alive
What are you guys going to do for you mothers today??:)
Life is like a box of condoms. no matter which one you pick you're gonna get fucked ;]
JUST CAME UP WITH ANOTHER DOPE MELODY! I GUESS U KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS LOL NO SLEEP YO LOL
young go hard
Pool all day & Crafters $1 beer during the USA game
I would like to send out a very special good morning to my friend
Wait so I can listen to the new Mastodon album on the day it comes out on #spotify? Awesome.
Females do the MOST ova a niqqa , thats crazy even when the niqqa clearly dont qive no fuck bout they ass ! lbdas . .
Ice Cube just stole my table.
Sorry about that! But glad you got it sorted.
Both. You bring up a great point- Corporate welfare is just as destructive if not more destructive
So wats up can i get that ;)
RIP Dick Clark. Why couldn't it have been Ryan Seacrest?
Lol. Forgot to stock my fridge with that.
Ugh, keep getting distracted from my paper by all the interesting links on twitter. :/
Near the front and not by annoying people? OH YEAHH!
photos and videos will be up on the site and Facebook probably early tomorrow, they came out amazing!
Just back from 3-days Pain & Headache Seminar. Was very informative and busy. Was nice to talk to colleagues at Academy of Pain Management.
Aw no bueno... What kind of car is it?
I'm on my hustle this week. Bills didn't stop just cuz I was away in Miami
Can't sleep, wish I had my girlfriend here to cuddle with.
I feel like crap too. RT ": I don't think I could drink enough Yogi antioxidant tea right now if I tried. #wildweekend"
Looks like you have a stage 5 clinger!
On DWTS tonight, wear a "cowboy tux" or u will feel under-dressed. Just ask !!
Live the dream tonight!
SO DID I!!!!! I LOVE AUSTIN!!!! YOU HAVE CHANGED MY LIFE! I love you!
Oh I may check that out! You know when I'm not watching #scandal for a second. Lol
BLOG: Nintendo Direct 2012.04.21 Chat and Live Blog
Good to see a celeb not act like a manaquin @ a sporting event.
Missed last night. But slept pretty damn good haha.
IT WAS FREAKIN PERFECT
Join Paul Teller, executive director of the U.S. House of Representatives Republican Study Committee (RSC) at SPA drop-in advising today.
One. More. Day.
congrats and great news for the show
RIP Nolan Richardson I my condolences go out to Coach Nolan Richardson and his family
Life is too short so kiss slowly,laugh insanely love truly and forgive quickly
would not have the night the boat spent on the reef?!!! Sure!
Well, add another state to the list of places I refuse to live on principle. sigh...
omg, im so tired -_- this has been such a long day...
u on?
JuelCasamayor top National Bikini competitor will be joining SheruClassic Team in India soon. This is growing into a Bullet Train
I just touched down back at home... And I'm bored.
Sometimes I really hate how shy I am and how much I care about other people's opinions of me. I want to by carefree & not care what anyone..
the Secret Millionaire may be the best reality show on tv....
iight I'm be at the crib Alday
needs a nap.
Life has meaning only in case one barters it every day for something apart from itself.
If I were being tested today (Monday)- I truly failed. The enemy popped up in the most unexpected circumstances.
Try vitamin B. I take a sublingual B for fast absorption two times a day. Helps the tired.
This turned into a crap day really fast.
Sittin here watching a #reallydumb movie in geography
Whoa ho! Got an order from Amazon today for books for a title they have not ordered from me in over 5 years! Awesome!
I wonder what's going on... so many helicopters tonight.
Listening to some Material Issue before my two favorite NFL teams square off in a meaningless game. Ribs and baked beans baby!
Holding and swaddling baby during a blood draw can reduce their pain levels significantly, according to a medical journal.
Productive Week! :)
History belongs to the intercessors. - Walter Wink
In New York City its illegal to smoke cigarettes in parks. Central ark is 843 acres ...
I cringe on the outside and tell them to knock that nonsense off. :)
Ahh next on mine is a Down But Not Out Hoodie & hustler membership whichmum kinda said yes to... <
Sad day! I've been blocked by :/
Watching Grey's Anatomy...
Watching the entire Concert For Bangladesh on DVD in honor of the 40th Anniversary tonight.
I can make mistakes in my sleep.
awe I kno how you feel. My best friend wants to be home schooled for 8th grade thru highschool & I'm just like no!
Not here. Not now. Liz isn't here to save me.
Never settle.
Hit me 3058798314
I think there's a yellow button you can click for that....
Fellow River Dell HS alum! RT : Make sure u join me in wishing Brian Long a happy birthday today. Follow him at
Contributor copies of Get Fit for the Pit #1 have been sent!
Why sad?? He MURDERED someone!!
but I'm so bored but I finally cleaned my room
If our Soy Ponzu were a type of music what would it be? Classical, country, rock? Tell us in the comments below!
that should not be an problem if you are porting the number over
Few things excite me more than free WiFi at the airport.
Finally sent design files off to our printers (Volume 17, 18)! A few rounds of internal color proofing and we'll be on our way! Stay tuned.
what up?
In 1970s, fire dept responded to Exxon's lithium battery lab so often they threatened to make Exxon pay for extinguishing chemicals
if you want to call by yourself lol !!
when i got cute texts >
No but really though.... Us girls, yeah... We always know.
If you send a letter to a famous person, do the future archivist a favor and don't fill the envelope with glitter. kthx
All that glove-to-the-ground training really backfires when you're carrying urine samples.
What are you doing in Ohio?
I would like to introduce Payline Data to your company. Check us out!
Well you gotta admit that if the republicans hadn't destroyed it I'm the 1st place Obama would have a easier time with it.
I'm hungry as fuck
Please stop hating on Turner ..he's developing to become the best player on the sixers! Keep your head up!
Could everyone that uses the word "retard", or makes fun of disabled ppl or children pls raise your hand so I can go ahead and unfollow now?
Blackhawks lose, DRose tears ACL, baseball teams blow...one of the worst weeks in Chicago sports history! When does football start?
Why does Daniel Sedin's player pic look like he's on Bubble Vision ?
I love when that happens!!!!
Yeah, I just downloaded that pie and I'll be reading it soon. :)
his dad was exaggerating tthe little kid just wanted to play, I saw him he has a cast on his leg but he's fine
RT : Just popped in to the WPA's "Select" exhibit on 18th and L. Amazing... And free and open to the public!
Lead me not into temptation. I can find the way myself.
Q. Three words to ruin a man's ego... A. "Is it in?"
And have a great weekend folks - enjoy the sunshine!
I really feel like a dumbass f*** with her
- alright, cya soon!
And my days killed by the mix breed looking dank as fuuuuuuuucccccckkkkk
Loving the neon colored v neck shirts from jcrew they are so hot!!!
Up and ready to cook. Making chicken wings and meatballs for the JAMM tonight.
for a second I thought you meant the mash up artist girl talk. Then I saw the picture and oddly thought of Dakota Fanning.
its long should i cut it really short
yayyyay you have an iPhone!
hii mommy (x
Being yourself is a successful rebellion.
Your money worries are over! Your new job will bring you a huge increase in income. - Play Alganon
I JUST MET A CAT I CAN'T FORGET THE TIME OR PLACE WHERE WE JUST MET SHE'S JUST THE CAT FOR ME AND I WANT ALL THE WORLD TO SEE WE'VE MET
Test-based "reform" is rooted in perception of horribly unqualified teachers infesting r schools. So far frm truth, perversion of reality
Get schooled - our Education Innovation Report is out! Topics: arts education matters + the skills grads really need.
I know most of you guys/gals hate him, but I'm still a big Homer Bailey fan. Sorry about that.
Love what I do!
at what point does #snomaggedon stop being cute and start to really annoy/scare people. 4-8 inches on the way.
please do because I was wondering about that
Just tasted some local AZ Christmas beer from Prescott Brewing Co. Still a much bigger fan of the Great Lakes Christmas Ale.
true datttt girl!!
big screen shows giants, they boo. 49ers they cheer. Odd i know.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 275
Getting ready to head to universal studios...cross your finders for no rain.
why people go out in the world and do this your just mad tht she is popular and your not so back off and leave her alone
Happy Birthday hope you have the best bday ever =:)
Marketing makes the list! "The 5 Hardest Jobs to Fill in 2012"
Bingo players brought the sweetest gifts for Ice -- he's won lots of hearts around here
OMG so true...whats the point
thank you for following! Have a great weekend!
I'm with you. But I think it's become habit for some to assume a hastag of conference abbrev. + year.
Thanks for signing up with ZoomShift. If there is anything we can do to help you out please don't hesitate to contact us.
This weekend: tree lightings in Bridgeport, Aloha, and FG, wine tastings all around, music, theatre... it's good to live on the Westside.
I always loved the newspaper offices at Tweed when I worked as EIC. It was my favorite place to get quiet studying done!
okay! Just let me know when your free(0:
Aww, how cute! Happy Mother's Day! :)
thanks for the Followback man appreciated :D
Balloon flight was a no go yesterday. Trying again tonight. Will keep you posted.
me too.
what is the hashtag for 2day?
Is that a flashing green light I see?
Now testing to see if goes this way as well. Again, please pay no attention to the stage crew as we prep for the matinee.
Thanks, Jeffrey :) End boredom, wonder ceaselessly.
I can't stand when fat obese bitches cut me off while I'm driving and then mugg me with their fat face
You are an amateur radio enthusiast? Can you connect to the Internet and web with ham radios and a computer?
who the fucc is this knockin at my window ?
insightful w the bonus of Funny
Noticing a lot of empty overhead space.
but soon enuff we got back together :) but then a bomb shell struck he was at college and his friend pissed me off so i called her names
Ubaldo needs to work on his pitch count. He throws way to many pitches, and our bullpen always has a lot of work.
In the world of cyberspace, what is moving and shaking right now?
Oh & I was eating quesadillas:D
Ridiculous how mobwives gets to me sometimes
‘Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.’ William Butler Yeats
I know, right? Ugh.
So I saw #phillipphillips was trending and for some reason I thought of
Had really fabulous lamb and brussels sprouts at Flora with , my first time there
refs trying to stop terps from pulling upset today
ur right it was a bad move. I did fine though running to the race probably not the best decision.
#YEEE I'm so glad Austin Keller followed me<3 will u please follow me. It would make my day better<3
Scratch that... It's Dianna DePinto, lol!! Dumb. I am dumb. Haha!
I'm excited for ASB next year :-D
Baba Ram Dass~ The quieter you become the more you can hear.
thanks jay! I'll check out your book for sure.
I LOVE AUSTIN SO MUCH. End of the story.
I am trying, but I keep drawin a blank :-(
Probably the most likely scenario. I could definitely see a tea bag coming for Varejao.
Pretty tired of all the fear-mongering with "severe" weather. I'd like to see an overlay map with future prediction and TV ratings.
you ever look and realize you've gotten overtime as a part time high schooler only to think what the fuck? Get on my level son.
The Most under used,under rated guy in the Wwe,Face turn,team up with Sheamus..great tag team
Keep that provision so that your visitors can social bookmark your website.A large variety of social bookmarking widgets are available.
hi who is your favorite we superstar
how much more english are u speaking these days it's hard to really know with u
How is it that I always end up looking stupid and wasting my time and effort on someone who doesn't care
Ha ha... i'm gonna get him!! ;-) RT : Weather folks picking on #facepalm. Not nice y'all.
I'm glad that U agree.
Today is the one day the devil thought he had won... Tomorrow he finds out he's a looser. We have the victory. Thank you Jesus!!!!
I really like him. <3
Get any #books as holiday gifts? If so, what are they? We'd like to know! :)
We already have 77 teen applicants for our #camp deejay program!
Follow back please ,
Thanks. Whole entire insight due to
good man!
What is that man doing there? Shouldn't he be living in beautiful Iowa?
wwhheeww! Forgot about that one! Lol. Perhaps not quite as elegant;)
hook, line & sinker.
Drew Peterson is such a slimeball!! I hope he ets indicted and he gets a nice boyfriend in jail that appreciates his sense of humor!
Listening Fireflies by Joe Brooks! This is some good stuff right here
Thanks again :D !!!
I just can't afford to think like that.
yes go to frontier they have sides
Unfortunately, I believe a lot of it has to do with ratings for news networks. Discouraging if you think about.
Nothing really to shoot at. You got one of the best goalies in the league and 5 guys collapsing to the net to block shots.
How did you celebrate Mothers Day??
follow me please xoxoxo
In my day we brewed our coffee in a beat up tin coffee pot, strained it through an old white gym sock, and drank it black!
Catsup or ketchup?
great moments in team building tonight.
lol. Bad look for the pac-12. Anthony Collins ended up way netter than I ever thought he would. I was way off in him.
Touchdown Seahawks!!!!!Way to go Matt!
The only way you can counter absurdity is with greater absurdity. :-)
This morning's spotting session for "Piranha: 3DD" went well. It's gonna be wet. It's gonna wild.
Shout out to my mom!!! Love you!
its ok. Am proud of being raised in two countries. UGANDA and SWEDEN. :-)
I'm looking to get 1000 followers on Twitter by the end of the year. Spread the word. Share the good, free music.
Cant wait for MW3 tomorrow!
I'm trying to come up with a list of tei text collections served from eXist: anybody working on/familiar with projects like this?
And there must be other groups like ALEC that we haven't even heard of. Terrifying to think of their impact on policy.
Some secrets need to be kept, some stories should never be told, some reasons shouldn't be understood
I was just playn but u no who I was talkn about!
done, cooked, want to get off the ride
Anyone else think the new Garbage album cover looks a lot like Garth Brooks' 'G' logo?
South Beach Wine and Food Festival kicks off Today!!!
If they're apartments, why are they so close together?
Another good day with the family visiting at Hollywood Studios as they go back to South Florida tomorrow. Time for bed and a work in the am.
Don't get in the way of ur happiness. Love is real. Love is true. If u keep it real w/ me, I won't block u.
Slappin pusha t "alone in Vegas". In Vegas.
Pretty soon lebron's headband is going to be vertical!
Thank you VERY much for adding me to your playlist! Very honored!!
How do I get a cartoon face like ?
thanks taylor!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I really like Martha Plimpton...
Reunited at last with
Every entrepreneur should keep a daily business journal - very powerful things happen
Taylor Gang or choke urself with a Brian Pumper chain.
We have just become an allergen-free bakery: no dairy, no eggs, no nuts, no wheat. So for all food allergy sufferers out there - dig in!
And of course nothing I do is good enough. Work all day, school all night. I don't even sleep anymore. And you're still not satisfied.
It's over.
Labeling boxes for the move: Books, Kitchen Stuff, CDs, All Sorts of Stuff-Open Soon, and Why Do I Still Have Magic the Gathering Cards?
that awkward moment when youre at a restaurant and this creep is staring at you
Anyone want to buy or sell a home in Wausau?
hahaha will do! Is it on netflix?
no problem. Sorry for those - we know that's annoying when it happens.
lol smh at HHC guess that's one thing I won't have to look into when I get back
CHOP! CHOP!! CHOP!!.. no that's not me mucnhing on some DORITOS... I'm cutting some CARROTS....
tragic! Its fun to hands on defeat alien planets
The atmosphere was good last night too between cubs and brewers fans. At least where I was.
it's fiesta Friday with DJ All Nite!
#69Factsaboutme 28. I HATE severe storms.
OMG RT : BY 2 GEMS THEY MEAN HIS BALLS.
All Jack in the Box locations have them, supposedly.
what's good fam
To book email:
my mom is doing it now and has lost 24 lbs! its the only thing that's worked for her, so i figured i'd give it a try
Thank god for twitter at this hour, otherwise i wouldn't know a better to way besides sleeping to ignore this cat Travis
yea ill be there.
Thanks for the follow!!
El Cajon resident Wendy Huttson speaks to city council about not demolishing ECPAC and putting up a hotel in its place
Using radio waves to boil freeze-dried Japanese noodles, and wirelessly broadcasting this mundane fact with a handheld CPU.
thanks so much to everyone who came to the Fundraiser for State Senator Chris Marr last night!
Hey Richard! Come into Velocity Sports Performance NYC for a free trial workout!
Stretch! Getting ready to pack ourselves full of new ideas & journalistic knowledge at day 2 of the National HS Journalism Conv. in Seattle.
stuff like "best of the year" and "best of 2010" make me feel nostalgic...
Apparel Magazine just selected us as one of the “Top 40 Innovators” in the industry! Keep an eye out for a profile on us in their May issue.
Driving back to NorCal, listening to nothing but the only thing keeping me awake
We went with the 8-wk Penns Corner CSA, and this is our third wk. Bread! Cheese! Maple syrup last week in a cute container! Love.
O i want one do they have mindless behavior iPod touch cases
He probably doesn't even NOTICE me *cough cough*
Also finding the screenshots from #usesforwhitespace meme that's started to be quite funny.
Oh, you like that huh?
Be the change you wish to see in the world...
went from taking 2 percocet every four hours to none at all want to find out how connect with me on facebook or skype id is saronokids
can't believe you left I saw you winning it all I hope everything works out for you and that millions will be listening someday
youre twitter handle and you're practice...as a structure guy, primarily plaintiff, checked your website...well done!
Yep! Ive been watching since I was really young lol
Had an early out today, plus I had to evacuate school because of burnt toast. XD #epicfail The toast didn't make it but everyone else did.
Looking good today.
follow me. :D
Bad day.
nobody puts baby in the corner
Miami Dolphins: "We're a real NFL team, we promise!"
This Means War!!
listening to pandora?
With help from just ordered Uni buttons to be handed out when Uni is first put into service in NYC. Hint: I used expedited shipping.
Listening to a lecture by David Wolfe. While the information is interesting and useful, he is giving me a very large headache.
RT : Icon Grill has been open for 11 years in #Seattle and Chef Nick Musser has been the chef the entire time!
Totally agree. Others were flashy but looked a bit like luck. Crouch's was all skill. IMHO.
Good one! lol
LJSchwartz says: WHY ARE YOU AFRAID OF SUCCESS?
Feeling blessed and surrounded by love thanks to and
RT: When will this country be ready for an Amish president?
haha not to me they don't haha i guess maybe to you i would haa :)
All the time": My mama tries to talk to me like she's Dr. Phil"
#instantturnon if you can hook me up with a coffee mug signed by jeff gordon
Good morning Bullets fans
im so hungry......=p i need sumin to eat
Those twelve hour shifts tend to get in the way of the #DnD ad Red Wine marathons, don't they? :-)
Painting my room this weekend. #happy :D
Wish I knew who doused me back. Was right down my shirt.
Why are all the artist now involved in some type of scandal
I know, it sucks but you wouldn't want me someone I'm not, right? :)<3<3<3<3<3
BTW: KI GO TO A MAGNET SKOOL AND WE HAVE TO WEAR UNIFORMS!
Finally get to go see the Avengers tomorrow!
Slow morning, why am i awake? -.-
You claim you're a bad bitch. But you have no car, you have no house and you have no job. You're not a bad bitch, you doing bad bitch."
good idea. there's always other sounds in nyc. safe travels.
Nope I just have alotta friends :)
seriously though. #rawpower RT:“: When are they going to make Shark Week its own channel?”
lose one gain two how u think I gotchu
Seeing rows of orange-shirted union members here to support development of the corridor brings back bad memories :(
#TwoThingsIWant 1. To be with him all day everyday<3 2. To eat & not get fat D;
I'm so bored. And i'm really hungry. I dunno what to do.
You guys need to try THIS burger!
if we didnt want him to come here, we wouldnt have tuned in to see where he was going, lets not be hypocrits
"...relentless corporate propaganda" denies global warming. Jeffery Sachs #unausa Members Day
I know Kinnie was thinking from time to time. As was Hemingway. I saw them working with Rucker on his footwork.
Glad to see involved in Powershift 2011! He is such an outstanding and inspirational supporter of youth leadership.
okay, haha. Yoy can stay maybe Monday night lol.
its a pre-internet quote from William Burroughs on the creative process—a bulwark against the idea of (divine) inspiration.
she said they wernt evening dating? I already told her and austin testerday I made up the rumor in december.
What are you reading for #fridayreads on this lovely February day?
Will be tonight,come check us out! ,,,,, and more!
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE EVERYONE!""""
RT : And you had style! RT : Cruised the ipaths for the first time yesterday. I am satisfied. Stoked.
3696 favorite color?:)
Thanks everyone for an amazing pitch fest!
Great news. Go Bucky. Heisman favorite!
Yea I just posted it
catching up on some stargate universe glad to see McKay back in the program
Marty drinks a lot of diet coke...we dont want him exploding...on second though scratch that would be funny, poprocks!
All you industry peeps! Comp'd tables and bottles if your group qualifies! Sick party , don't miss out!
Omg titanic in 3D with the best cousin!!!:) <3
#shedidntcall because you didn't put minutes on her phone.
Plz keep us updated on upcoming events! We'd love to partner & continue connecting!
cane, belt, hanger, everything, right?.
Missy: I Never Get Mad At Anyone But My Boyfriend. Jasmine: Youu Get Mad All The Tiimmee. Me: Youu Kickedd Me Outt Of Your House!! -___-
awesome, thanks! I just found u on Facebook- accept daphne :)
Thxs and we agree Wendy! RT : How did leave out ? If you haven't been, GO. nym.ag/nYXAwe
SKD photo shoot still going strong! Catch us on Fox 40 tomorrow morning at 6:30am!
Absolutely nothing. Job hunting!
Love the work that is doing to protect and beautify our world! good job!!!
oh, the length one will go to for dp dough..
Really? Then you must be doing it wrong.
your welcome! :D
Hi! ! Welcome to Twitter! You will have so much fun!
Landed there are few more beautiful cities to fly into!
Betman said the same thing about Atl. They have to say it. Sac was the only other one. Unless pacers attendance doesnt pick up.
that is to say, not about "CIA Mole" leak, as it reads.
Doing is a quantum leap from imagining. Barbara Sher
Curious why #streetcarnameddesire was played for laughs, it's not a funny play. Well acted but audience was in stitches.
Marlins winning!
Goodbye school, hell spring breaakk! c:
“: #wpa11 Thought-provoking presentation by on participation. How do we/ should we assess it?” Thanks for coming!
Monday night football! Who is redeeming their $1 beers from bartab tonight?!
you too. hay #FF to both of ya. it's only 2 hours away.
i need a cuddle buddy to stay up with me all night & watch movies.
You're Chicano Park bound!
Norma, that is what I call intelligent criticism
Hope everyone enjoys this beautiful weekend!
Highest pick #ravens ever used on a C was Chris Chester at 56, then Rabach at 92. No way they'll take Konz at 35
“: lmfao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> “: I think it's precious that 's best friend has an infatuation with me ;p””<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Just can't get enough !!!...
Up here in Prattville filming a launch party for Call Of Duty Modern Warfare 3 with Kaylas Rentals. at GameStop
@ the EBSCO Publishing's Luncheon at the Westin
Dear Internet, that lemon party pic you sent me? Not cool, dude. Not cool. Sincerely, ME
I've done that before! xD
I don't understand why you tweeted this. Do you disagree or find it funny? It's
Looking to incorporate your business? Whether you want a LLP, LLC, or INC, we can help! Call today for a free consultation ~ 619.338.9500
how did that happen? lol
Sitting at home all day and not masturbating is the definition of self control.
wonderful advice am so appreciative!
“: speak seshhhhhhhhh” really???? SPEAK?? Come on
hm good observation
they call me clutch
Your "true" color is showing!!!!
best book for creating a more positive mindset...suggestions?
Tonight! #Allegra Bandy Sings @ #Yoshi's 6-10pm With a killing band!!! Keith Saunders-keyboard, Bryan Bowman-drums, Caroline Chung-bass
i need to stop going to bed past my bedtime. and what did i click on for twitter to recommend i follow the ?
I just mentioned him in like evry tweet since I made this account
We want to offer our furniture assembly service to your customers
i was a CA National Guard Rigger at 128th QM Light Airdrop, then went to Camp Roberts, CA and worked Range Control.
Question from Michael Allen: What ever happened to WYSIWYG ?
initial reaction is to ship it to Pujols, but he deserves hand-delivery. We did get 11 great years and 2 WS championships from him
Woohoo - happy #GiveBIG day!! Thanks for spreading the word!
THATS WHATS UP, IM READY TO HEAR THAT.. IM ON THE SAME SHIT FOR THE NEXT TAPE
Yessir, actually the second division of our company is an Ace Hardware/ Commericial hardware sales. Who are you working for now?
God bless you love
I miss you. When can I see you next?
same here!
I can feel the classic mental breakdown freakout coming.
Umph... My local news anchor
"How is Everyone?!" "How feels Everyone?!"
Great to hear! I'm watching you make awesome lemon merenge pie out of lemons. Stay wonderful! You're a super hero!
Rollin Wit Da Roux to this Saturday 11-3!! DJ, outdoor seating and plenty of sunshine!!! "Truck Cluster"!
Getting ready for my talk about ICT-enabled city government field operations during extreme events at
Not at all :)
What are the things you do to maintain the tune of your piano?
...ur welcome x wife
Ha! Good advice!! Do the peach and pear flavors count as a fruit serving?
awkward i thought he had the flu.....
miss_eli: SLA was my first conference, too, back in 2002. Welcome to the association and hope to see you in Philly.
#WiseWordsToLiveBy Cholesterol may mean that no eating contest goes unpunished but not that you're any less AWESOME if u win
I am ready LOL
": I fucking have a very wet wet vjj and nobody is paying attention wtf"i am but u never respond lol
runyon followed by korean bbq.
you too lady!
Oh Swamplandia! You were so close!
So many opportunities. We should probably look at all of them, just to be sure.
Any day full of music from young artists such as yourself is a very good day so don't ever give up.
RT : When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry: show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Just a fever dream? RT ": Wow, didn't expect that, Don. #MadMen" i know, right?!
damn...well it's part of the game they got depth #BUCSNATION still taking the south
How is it, with three jobs I'm still broke as sh*t
current weight goal weight
*Insert popping bottle of champagne noise here*
ePub session at #stc11 is standing room only
Never thought I'd say this but you guys need to take a page out of ESPN's playbook and cut the fucking commercials. 1 ev oth pk
- The contact is - They are distributing through Beechwood I believe and will be based out of Brookfield?
I saw a lot of other players flat give up, so everyone needs to look in the mirror after this one.
development / programmer community* involvement
Rt : I CATegorically deny pooping in 's seat, for the record. =^..^=
Did I introduce you to Macklemore? Don't think so. Cool you found him and thought of me.
someone beefed in the van, now i am down to 4 senses
thanks twitter, that was a fun ride. twitter experiment 2011-2012...
I agree!!!
not so fast
thank you for the heads up on the hacking issue earlier...: )
dang! stupid commercials!
She a playa
Would love to get a count on the BMWs, cigars and bow ties among the douchebags at the
Weak foul call. Walker heating up.
meditation and bible study time for a quick spell=)
“Life is a <U+FB01>ght, but not everyone’s a <U+FB01>ghter. Otherwise, bullies would be an endangered species.”
What?!? is into hot yoga? Somebody's lived in Madison too long. Does he also have Birkenstocks?
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina The King's Vagina
#dwts if Derek and Maria go home, ppl will riot!!!! This is BS!!! Donald and Maria can out dance william ANYDAY!!!!
Not washed, dry cleaned! I thought had girls to do his ironing for him?
Assembly Democrats introduce a package of bills aimed at strengthening tenant protections.
getting ready for work...then hitting up the movies later :)
Are you in cedar rapids? I was just there...not much to speak of out that way.
Uh huh, you know what it is.
Did same, one Christmas gift for oldest son. Scary that we thinking same. :)
I got a lil bit left....
I just want you to know I exist.
did he smell amazing? Omg
- how you feelin?!
twitpic or it didn't happen! ;)
thats how I feel if I leave my phone at home from working on a Friday or Saturday...boo.
Do you sing in the shower?
Excited there is a Christmas tree in the center of the fountain in #columbia heights
it would mean the world to me if you only retweet this :)
Dying your hair with koolaid -_-
San Diego next for the Crew, will be staying up late to watch games this week.
Yeah! I saw that! Pretty cool. Our library's entire website is actually Drupal-based.
Mitt Romney finds miss children! What else do you want?
@ my twitter name so I know its real. Lol
“: i miss you too” Um who the fuck are you? ..
Gym, then rest? :)
ok I will
Funny. When you look at the Des Moines Register, Iowa Caucuses coverage, who do you see most prominently? President Obama. Ha!
all pray for #Ali that poor baby it just makes me cry to see what she is goin thru i fill bad for leah and corey
what was the last 5k like, i.e. when did they decide to stop their recovery run?
Love it when a day goes from "eh" to "awesome" in a matter of minutes! :)
Its hardly drizzling outside there is no need for you to put up your hood & an umbrella!!! Oh wait I forgot you're a barbie.....
why girl you leavening me alone :(
God made Marijuana, Man made alcohol. Who do YOU trust?
and don't forget everything is better with a flight!
Early night in as my brain/body still recovering from intense but truly informative conference/training at this past week
Day 2 of non-stop Beasties at my house. Paul's Boutique is playing now.
Hi...thank you so much. Very kind. (Just finished writing a book, too. Stay tuned. :-)
in the sink or do you have a dishwasher?
With the holiday season upon us, I had a realization.... I don't miss staff duty at all. Who knows what I am talking about?
I love eating champagne grapes...they're like fruity caviar
OCCUPY THE WORLD WILL SOON BE A REALITY. THE 99% WORLDWIDE ARE READY 2 ENGAGE. INJUSTICE & INEQUALITY DEMANDS FAIRNESS. WAKE UP PEOPLE!
How Much? RT : #ForSale: Somehow I ended up with an unlOcked iPhone 4 for T-Mobile. Someone buy this off me
That link has the streaming version. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Yay! I hope he makes a speedy recovery.
been following you for years you are a great business man and creator
beyond cute :) <3
Yay I can go get food now. Paisley is NEVER kicked off of my lap for any reason. She's so spoiled.
Honest Monday is getting too fucking honest. If they play journey I'm out of here. Ballini! And Krow!
AVENGERS’ $185+M record! $68+M Saturday & $80.5M Friday For Biggest Domestic Weekend And $575+M Worldwide
Some of our favorite people
Who's getting ready for #BostonMarathon?
4 day weekend comin up for me !
Just got off work. 11 hour day. FML
MISTY you rock! My encore career is helping baby boomers adjust 2 new normal/teaching at U of Denver. Retired after 22 yrs @ WMT
Stoked!! RT : Rumor has it that Arsenal are making their move for What are your thoughts AO?
trust me, no u don't! It's terrible!
im here with two other ppl!
Goodnight world. :)
I had only been 1 time before - what a huge park! I think it might be free this time of year, too. We just paid for a canoe permit.
not surprising in the least, should be a memorable discussion if they are really allowed to speak by the crowd
duty now for the future
haha well 1st you wouldbt let me say no to going oger there. Ha then you talked about cheer amd asha and trey haha
Very belatedly,my mom in #Singapore has just discovered the "Poke" function on She's literally poking me twice a day now
An explosive device @ City Hall???
Welcome to Twitter... Make sure you tweet a lot so that I am always updated :) All the best!!!!
Ferguson says City &#39;in driving seat&#39; to clinch Premier League title
Technically, I don't shout them as much as I mumble them to myself. But still.
Hell yea, you go from sugar cookie to bitter booger RT : anyway, my temper be on 0-60 in 5 seconds, and i'm angry.
Are you still interested in a home, or just have a few questions you need answered? I would love to help you.
See what ear hustling gets you!
Lucky for you.
#weekendreads Halfway through 's The Chaos
when is going on tour again omfg i want to go see her, her concert are the best
I love meeting awesome people :)
Leaving from hanging out in Pico Riveira.
Did you call the number on the sign? #ACHD want to hear from you!
It's interesting that MWD isn't showing speakers using its speaker cam so it doesn't have to show San Diego folks with their signs.
Lame. Also, what's wrong with Rickie's hand? He's wearing an oven mitt out there.
sometimes i think The Whole World is on twitter…but then i go home, see a show, & see but one "nearby tweet" for a mile.
Grab your cloths hit the door go chill with them others girl that is why her weave stink talking bout some beach curls!
Comfort your hearts, and stablish you in every good word and work. 2 Thessalonians 2:17 Christian rehab offers hope
*cracks fingers* we gone have to lay hands haha . But sheesh the comp better stop set trippen
I don't think one truly understands the time, effort & details that go into making & decorating a cake. Currently up baking
New Facebook Terms Allow Confiscating Furniture
Thanks for the follows everyone! and
But you cant go wrong wt skittles
Did you see the #betterfreelance tweet series? Might be class fodder for Stanford.
Thanks for the tweet. Good to hear from you again as well and thanks for the kind words. Hope all is well your way as well.
Lots of rain today in Vancouver. Still having fun traing. Its nice to be able to work indoors on a day like today
I could get behind that.
PRC - "do I need 2 jingle that handle a little?" me - "bro, I'm not from Nashville, I have no idea what that means?!"
Smoking before bed..
probably not lol
sending smiles across the miles.. :)
Let me put the real pussy in yo life ;)
Im in class and i need a pen where you at?!
wise prediction!
His essay "Structure, Sign, Who Dat Girl" does confuse people. RT " They were probably thinking of Flo-Rida"
": When life changes to be more difficult, change yourself to be stronger."
Reading a good book is one of the best things about being human. Just absolute heaven.
Two sweet lower-level tix to Civil War football game. Current bid: $200. Bid now: 503-517-6123 and help kids
#FOLLOW cuz she awesome! When u do tell me for 3 #shoutout s !!promise!! I follow back!!
Aw, thank you I love being with readers!
Rewatched Journey to the Center of the Earth. Now, that's a good time. Esp the Bernard Herrmann score. Check it out.
Thank you, That was a fantastic speech.
I am completely full today I'm not going to eat anything else until tomorrow
Someone will step up.
so over listening to this convo...
Thanks! You too!
Glad to see Bitchwizard is coming back from the dead. Totally crushing band!
I'm so grateful for everyone who has been there for me throughout my college career
How many more students were there in 2011 than a decade before?
I find it HIGHLY ironic that you are posting this on twitter.
go away thnx girl
Man im so fucking hungry
Success is getting up just one more time than you fall down.
like the red Nike jackets you guys are rocking today.
I appreciate that things are being set in motion for my unfortunate events at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago!
glad to hear :)
My 3yr old told me michael collins flew the spaceship while Neil Armstrong and buzz aldrin walked on the moon... I had to Google it to check
#obama should lead by example - > #spreadthewealth w/ all the campaign $ he's raising.
trust us really soon.. Its a secret so keep your eyes peeled
RT : users pin 20k+ in a week & we slip over 100k. Go citizen historians.
I've never bought a magazine at the supermarket. Then again, I've never seen a magazine with #kateupton on the cover.
I feel forlorn as I send my instrument in for service. No gigs for a couple weeks, no grounding by playing mandolin. Scary, but will be ok.
If they keep playing like they have over the last two weeks, there will be a lot more people talking about them.
I love u to much -copy paste
Our greatest triumphs often come at the heels of our most painful failures. RT
what you up to!!!!
And more meetings. Lots and lots of meetings. :)
My bro waiting to play #diablo3 RT if u hate the maintenance on the server
fix your shit first before you start with this smalltalky garbage. jesus, dude.
yeah, right? I think for alot of women you don't get the love of your life and a great father in the same package.
Another fitness photoshoot coming up this weekend. Updates coming.... it's going to be a great time.
Thanks! I passed!
too good
I will take Keith Smart for IU in the '87 title game. Laettner #2. Drew's was great but only 1st rd
I didn't try out but my bro Eddie did he said it was great wachbattle field America check it out on YouTube he's the one who says ha we won
Just might have to run home and get my CD. I'm itching to hear "When the Boys Light Up"!
I am, thank you! Any bacon related toe injuries have been put off for another day. :)
Velociraptors are capable of intelligence, but not emotion.
Good luck! Love that show!
Skill is the unified force of experience, intellect and passion in their operation
Alicia still sexy
Should I consider him...
omg. you, shut the hell up gorgeous person. <3
how long are you in NYC? I'm in tonight & Mon...would love to see you!!
Omg it is too Damn hot outside. :( Florida is wack right now.
#operationfindnextgf CAN'T BE A DEBBY DOWNER
#Brewers at home in June. Mets, Cardinals, Rays and Twins. 12 opportunities to get to Miller Park. When you go....Let Us Drive You!
Thanks 4 the follow. Followed back. How bout a story for a couple of my clients on your mag?
me too!!! So happy on my drive to school:)
Movie time again. While the hubby is away I'm watching all my favorite sappy movies. What should I pick tonight?
I doubt it. Sounds like a publicity stunt. (Albeit one in which we're now participating.)
My todo list app now lets me share what I need to do on Twitter and Facebook. Because I really want my friends to know what I havent done.
i bet the danish fans love u guys
give me more details on this one please
Tonight at The Gramercy is playing with and
thank you for #instacane, fantastic!
Hear hear! RT Congrats to (Hank Phillippi Ryan), nominated for 3 Emmys for investigative reporting!
As long as it is going east, we are all good.
SAME HEREE! :D
And I died today.
Teachers are a convenient scapegoat for other more sinister agendas. I think Glenn Beck's Faith, Hope, Charity movement is a potential start
I'd like to thank for being bad ass & awesome. My sites are rockin' thanks to killer designs & flexible framework.
Crazy talent here tonight. New Orleans, Nashville, Virginia Beach,.Atlanta & beyond... Good tunes!
My pastel drawing looks pretty dang good so far! Lolz
I love that what kids want to talk about -- whether in the United States or #Zimbabwe -- is
#fundraising+you pitch the problem, if you have traction tell it in the 1st 30 sec be confident but don't be a jerk
Could be the sickest Boom Bap session ever tonight at 9:30-midnight. $5
I see my future in my mind and I am gradually walking toward it stumbling and falling many times and stopping to fix things along the way
I wanna be colorblind<3
I know. I drive one lol
John works in motion capture. He made the HF penguins dance and the Avatar horses run, stuff like that. :)
I vote for 50 Cent
u know chillin out this Mofo. Trying to update this CPU with all the new goodies
RT : There are no ordinary moments. There is always something going on.~Peaceful Warrior
sweet! Let me know and I can meet you for ones without the service charge!
sounds great Allison!!
love you and miss you bro! Thanks a lot
Mom thinks I was smokin pot cuz she said my eyes are blood shot and glassy
I have been indulging an insatiable appetite for silence for about 2 weeks now. It seems all I want is quiet when I can get it.
A kik message saying "Hey Beautiful. (:" is a wonderful thing to wake up to! :)
Surprised Lester is below the Wandy line...what's your analysis on that?
Omg i love this kind of weather
in person or by pictures?
Hold on...I'm coming!
I was just looking at your pinterest; You're inspiring! It was fun crafting with you last night. I'll see you at The Hen tonight!
It has been... It has been...
i like crunch berries ( crunchatize me captain) lmfao hbu?
yea trying to get some super last min stuff lol
jeri curls. Coming to America. Put your hands together for Randy Watson and Sexual Chocolate.
FOLLOW ME JEEZUS
Community fighting at schoolboard mtg upset about black schools closing, but the board just voted to keep them open.
For the sake of your future in Boston, Adrian, get a hit.
Have fun! : 140 on I-87 : Get ready live tweets from #140mtlcommute tomorrow
I like my music reall loud , can yu turn thay shit up for me right now <3
'Keane Just a Little Too Keen.'
i know i miss u taking up my whole bed to!!!! i knew u were in love <3
For sure Jodie!!
FF7 is the best game ever made.
Have fun at your Valentines concert today :D
"tell me you got prerolled in your book bag"- ..."fruit rollups?"- "wtf prerolled"-Jerm .., "Pringles?!"<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I can't
just found out i am officially going to see at their Dallas show next week I am so excited!!
It's charity ball season... Getting ready for the second one in as many weeks.
I saw it a like disturbing lol!!
Why is Facebook chat confusing now? Perfect time for Google+ to swoop in
I don't know about you, but I have had enough of the garage band "Call me rock god" kid who loves his
Hey I was just on the phone with customer support again. Just so ya know.
S/o to the homie !! What's good bro!!!?
another amazing film: TRUE GRIT (Coen Bros. version)
Ps...And I did get my great cups of coffee today, too..lol..BAMM "THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER" Becoming a Legend.
Thanks Jason! I assume we'll see participating in ?
'Act of Valor' was worth every second in the theater!
In the 60's, 1/3 of all Fed revenue was from corporate taxes. Today, it's 6%. Now WE bear the burden, while big corporations get the breaks!
Funny Homeless Sign: Why live in a $100k home when I can live under a three million dollar bridge?
Catching Someone In A Lie<><><><>><
Just successfully played Chinese red light.
what's his name? (:
Practice today...where are my Colonials!?!?!..
A nice slow morning of coffee and working on a little #processing collaboration before heading to #FITCTO proper. Calm before the storm :)
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
the question is who gon stop me?
": #HellOnWheels is not moving me." What is hell wheels?
I would turn around for a tuna melt.
Today: Jeremy Orosz on Berg the Wagnerian, Brian Schmidt on Mitch Miller's sing-along, and Dani Kuntz on gendered politics in /La Giuditta/!
Thank God I can see the faces and smiles of all my FRIENDS who have past away.
My "Man-V" is getting intense.
Dear Mac Book Pro, at the end of making every movie-each book I have gets unstable-please stay alive and well until movie is Final-Thanks!
The Moon!
seriously...I wouldn't have been able to take Star Wars seriously if Lucas used his voice instead of Jones'
Nice!RT : too real for these niggas I fucks wit her
I am so stressed. Gawd, it's gonna get better soon right?
brrrrrr, it's 67 and I have my blanket, enjoy your snow! ;-)
maybe try neurologist? Or review of meds by dr usually goes to.
Poor Bear Grylls being fired from the Discovery Channel. With a name like Bear, his only other job option is summering on Fire Island.
UPS or Fed Ex?
Condom Slogans No. 7: Package your meat for a real nice treat.
Thanks for making us a part of your daily, Vanessa!
I want that robe and whatever gold shimmer is on your face. Oh and your tan :) lol
With all we're doing, its gonna be hard to fail...
Happy, happy birthday my friend. Hope your family spoils you rotten!
whenever I see dance on #DWTS I get so happy.
I do it just to piss him off *hehehe
Funeral tomorrow. Goodnight beautiful people! Hope you all have sweet dreams <3
so happy to be drinking nyc h20
kids are in bed so we can talk now. I'll leave my tablet on so I'll know when u @ me. It 's 12 am here.
I just want you.
read DORA last night! awesome. Can't wait to handsell it. hooray for Lidia!
In Carmel/Monterey Bay for the next week. Have a favorite tea spot I need to checkout?
Go back in time - New York Post
Gobble gobble turkey shuffle saturday
my pleasure :)
I listened to your Mothers day service this morning. It spoke right to my heart.
No problem. You said you were on twitter. Thought this would be faster and ease your mind about your work. Have a good summer.
diva rooms are NOT easy! Lol
: I used to but my bipolar medicine helps but fuckit ya know? Anxiety is one of the worsts):
....long as day!....visited my grandpa's grave...hanged out wit my grandma....took a nap....now I'm up...chillin wit avek kicking it...
Put a smile on ma'am.
I think my best friend and I are gonna go backpacking through Europe next summer after graduation... #funtimes :)
zack wheeler and gary brown might be too much for Beltran.
Thank you so much, Cindy!!
So.... um, is it still ok for me to be your girlfriend on Facebook?
oh wow!!! lmao, have fun!! i wish i could haha :)
Have you tried working with this file in a new User account? That is what I would suggest.
sure no problem
I was always like "What's the big deal with inbox 0?" & then I got a job & started missing meetings & failing to answer important questions.
A fair living could be made from making background music for tech startup videos that doesn't include an arpeggio or a jangly guitar.
#GoTribe Happy Easter
Please help Wee Rescue by temporarily fostering a pup or two while we find a happy forever home? Email inquiries to .
Best part of an aisle seat? All the people hitting me as they board. Spatially challenged people, apparently.
Thanks boys! :) RT : Everyone go listen to They're sick. Thanks
imm not even mad
vocab. looks fade
Arizona bound for #PatsRun! Stoked!
..give em a hand they wanna grab your feet! :)
It's so goin down...we're gonna act like we live at campus ridge tomorrow night!! haha
I still think it's awesome that Rondo is wearing the Huarache 2K4s.
bring your rosary and pray to grandma
Snigger or cheer: I'm pitching at BlogWorld on Saturday! Come see! 12:15 PM to 1:15 PM - Sat. Nov. 5th Room 150 B LA Convention Center
I'm the manager at my job know and I'm single lol
work, work, work
I made it to Nonnas
My two favorite shows right now are RuPaul's Drag Race & Top Shot.
that is a solid 18 or 19 inches man!! hahaha!
Errands to run & things to do...
I just got several thousand requests from North Carolina citizens wanting to move here. Did they run out of BBQ or something?
Brenda is asking advice @ going to Hawaii. Going on business trip to Oahu. Should I go to another island? what things should I definitely..
CJ Wilson isn't looking too bad.
I love it when it rains and when a storm forms. Quite amazing!
thanks for following, man! Lets collaborate. You can check out my music on the links in my bio
I need some comfort
RT : impressive, I left the gym for an hour and when I came back everybody was talking. (#ProudPapa -- good 2 hear!)
Would you mind if I linked you to a free song by ? :D
I could had the redbox franchise in all of AZ for $20k. Ugh! Boy did I miss that one! Crap
Its crazy to think that people you've known your whole life can believe a bonafide stranger over you..SMH Manipulation is an MFer
You cast a spell on me , you hit me like the sky fell on me <3
Open to the unfolding of it all.
and there goes Axford's consecutive saves streak and the go ahead run is on third base.
It's the goddam Twins for crissake. just
chairs are always fun
Sure, but that requires actual "thinking" and some minor math skills...not to mention a dull headline. #fast&loosefacts
hahaha does anyone know why he cheap shotted him?
Game over. Win the series tomorrow.
Shame On Lloyd Blankfein and Rupert Murdoch - Forbes
Oh i'd love to! Ready? (;
Soo...they apparently can predict when 2012 is gonna happen...yet they don't even know what tomorrow's weather is gonna be like.
Murray sacked. Walsh will have to kick again to keep UGA alive.
nope my old man never reads my twitter so I can vent here!
everytime i eat watermelon i am wearing a tanktop
20 years ago there was no Facebook. there was no Google, and a Tweet was something that Barbara Walters gave to her dog.
#imagine you are on a plane and austin is kissing you down the neck. you: omg... austin: shhh, no one will hear you. ;]
In my internet country, WLNIA, too.
im gonna do things my way!!
LOL YOU GUYS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thank you Mason...Can't wait to see you at Jan came out yesterday and visited for awhile.
u know u southern born if u already started cooking thanksgiving meal lol BBQ Turkey is the shitz lol
Sunday with no football = #reddeadredemption, food and of course sharper focus on
Brendan Ryan is not good enough at defense to make up for being such a bad hitter he can't even get a bunt down.
how about scrabble for an alternative 3 level analogy: individual letters>words>relationship of words to one another on the board.
Wow. Can't believe your store is 5yrs old! I was there on opening day with the DM at the time,Bill. Time flies!
RT : Looking at the awesomeness happening at #ala12; we may have to double the red bull
What kind of pants are these? I'd take a 1 syllable "damn" or even a "you look nice" from my husband
First-Time Home Buyer Tax Credit Extended For Armed Service Members
oh my....this is not a good look for them.
Fina qedd out on iyt. #SPRING BREAK!!!
...what is beginning to happen to it. - Marshall McLuhan
I watched #PrettyLittleLiars last might and was kind of disappointed about Mona. But on a real note, can we have a masquerade party?
ahh! I've gotta get a personalized #UpAllNightDVD ! As soon as I get home, that's what I'll do!! :D
Coming from you, THE HUNGER GAMES is now my first "must see" this year. (My faves incl Brazil, Blade Runner, etc).
At anniversary party and drinking too much hayley
Talking to for the first time since 6th grade or something!!!
Thanks Sherri for that praise tweet. Jesus really does reach all people and places even in a Cab, Hallelujah!!
Pickin up hours left and right cause that's just how I roll
I ain't talked to my twitter besties in a long time u kno who u r tweet me when u see this
Dam first me and Jaime had a twitter gang now I got two sisters on me :o lmao
Finally got my toes in the sand , where they belong . #paradise .
OMG FOLLOWED ME HE MADE MY DAY OMG I CAN'T STOP SMILING THANK YOU SO MUCH IT MEANS THE WORLD TO ME TI AMO <3
Our deepest condolences go out to Hermano Jonel Gonzalez. Our thoughts and prayers are with you.
is on! Yay! Time for some knowledge!
Veneta Bottega Bags line of luxury clothing and accessories | Artiklar
Ripped my shirt today I'm annoyed. Cute cute
is thrilled to be writing, producing, and directing the revenge action genre film Blurred Vision this summer.
when a boy writes off the world it's done with sloppy misspelled words if a girl writes off the world it's done in cursive.
We want to remind you that we are going to be receiving the "Fears" photos until January 15. Looking forward to see your work!
Final period of play and it's do or die for the #Amerks who need to overcome a 2-0 deficit to keep the series alive.
Why don't you hop off their dick already
Rockin' out to Party Rock in the back of Danielle's () vans.
The hardware & software to create the "Less Paper Office" is very basic: Scanner, Hard drive, Capture software and Doc Management Software
wait, is pregnant?
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control
Before I would always log on Facebook before everything else. Now I get on Twitter every morning.
Hello Kat, you account is sending spam tweets...
I think if you shart, whilst on the toilet, it can then be referred to as a legit poop.
your style is terrific. I pinned your "ten ways to have a good day" told my office it is our new motto!
Louisiana Circumstance College Tigers Football Gamers Ingested in ...
Lol I've literally lost 6 followers on here today bye.
ShoutOut to all following #topfament Happy Friday ya'll!!
Thanks We love busting paradigms. #inn12 is great for busting out of the typical textbook mindset.
Penn State Devon Still finally taken. If Bears didn't go WR in this round, he was the guy I would've thought they'd take.
If rich means making a GDP bigger than entire countries at the expense of poor hard working people, then where's justice?
big hello from an adoring Milwaukee fan. Keep being you and loving Jah.
Boys and girls... lion and bear begins recording for our next EP TODAY!
MIDDAY THURSDAY: Teaching ethics to the Secret Service, 1 pm w/ Christopher Dreisbach
Due out in eight days, the annual FHA actuarial review could point to the future role government will play in housing finance.
Figured it's a bit of a hike for you, anyway ;-)
Sounds fun! Enjoy!!
and a year later the only thing that's changed is i'm a little taller, little more facial hair, and a tattoo
why am i losing followers on tumblr :(
Hahahahaha, I oughta slap him & then step on his balls .
your on business I hear
When you get a thing the way you want it, leave it alone.
FYI, we have had a "presence" in Somalia since 1989, Uganda since we launched Zaire/Taylor mission in '97...
you should follow me. Cos YOLO
Seriously. :P Our job is one of no privacy. We don't ask account managers their salary. #Pay #Diet #WorkOut # HangOut
Snowed in - don't care. Drinking and waiting for someone to come blow me (my driveway....pervs).
I don't want to jinx it but......Giants are rolling!
I am feeling thankful for 2012.
The Sandwich Rule: If they weren't born by the time you were old enough to make yourself a sandwich, they're too young for you! --
follow me and ill follow you back
was he depreesed or having financial issues
oh Taft... what a sketchy place
Congrats to the Mavs!! Yeah we did it Baby!! <3
that's cool. I always keep a coffee filter duct taped to my back Die Hard style, just in case.
Relax with a pot of Golden Assam with a Portabella Mushroom, Red Onion & Fontina Cheese pizza and a double chocolate biscotti
ah alex follows my other account I could try to get him to follow you!
I have to move Collection G to the space where F is. But first F to E, E to D, D to C, C to B, and B to A. Problem - nowhere to put A.
you have your heart if you really love Austin inside you are all red
thanks a lot man!
thats the only reason I got up lol :-)
Playing with my new Eris. This phone is sick!
An ode to on tonight's Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. And the funniest.
Happy holidays. See you today!
what does it say about Aries?
How about a shout-out for the talented and her awesome fans?!
Thanks and and Your Welcome
I attempted to paint my own nails earlier. emphasis on attempted.
oh wow, both, I started loving the counter top appliances (food processor is the best) then I moved to the range, its great!
Big vote for casinos in Foxboro. What do you think is going to happen?
Flickr upload churning along - putting up our Virtual Exhibit Hall from #VAM2012.... stay tuned for photo albums.....
I'd highly recommend Amazon Prime as a replacement. Selection not as good, but can pay for individual movies too.
I fucking hate being ignored.
MoneyCatchers.com is a company we work with to bring alternative income sources for artists!
ima do more than that ;-)
A couple of years ago, was one of the few to RSVP yes to my birthday celebration, but he didn't show. Only 2 people did.
I just saw Drake and Kevin Hart chillin at this comedy show.
are you accepting applications?
Big things ahead for Irrelevant QB
Partied with Damon Stoudamire, Jim Jackson, Oscar Robertson, and Jim Gray
- Hot technology, Love it!!
EVERYONE get out and VOTE today! Lets take back this state!
This Monday, November 22, we will be posting our new song "BOUT TO GET ON IT"!!! Get ready!!!
Time With Teacher Raffle was a HUGE success! Stayed tunes for pics and videos...
Another big shoutout to ! Thanks for bing my 999th follower! SUch a big number @ lol! Thanks! :D
. to National Journal! Great news
Happy Thanksgiving #PackerNation! I am thankful that twitter lets me connect with #Packers fans everywhere. #GoPackGo!!!!
you're awesome!!
lol that's better
Love and miss you too!!! I wanna come visit possibly this summer...
Last day of classes! Thank goodness!
though herman cain may be the most underqualified dude i've seen in a minute haha.
Hope to see you at on the 21st for show.
seriously great question: why has "God" never answered an amputees prayers for their limb to grow back?! That would indeed be a miracle...
This isn’t something you have to do repeatedly
Tell me when u get my tumblr thing about l and l. Sent it on tumblr. Tell me what u thing
I feel so out of touch
Congrats & happy anniversary!
We set out to change the very notion of what it means to be inspired.
It's too good to be true but someday it will come true. We'll see.
Also, wrote a short article regarding fellow human beings. Most articles are or will be available online. Keywords: Roman Piso, Piso Christ.
...to encourage visitors to share reactions w/eachother & the artists w/in & outside, during & after experience
the gentleman fixing our plumbing is wearing suspenders that look like yellow measuring tape
Super easy, I got a 95.. Just know the graphs and you'll be fine!
RT : Top show on Versus for the week: Sunday's UFC card drew 744K viewers. IndyCar is next with 436K.
Whose dog walked around the neighborhood today?
All made up, tome to shoot...
Chilled with a new friend from Alaska, got a yearly scholarship for $18,000 and it's amazing outside on campus
Miami Heat will play in Chicago to take on the Bulls. It is a must win if the Heat can get the number one seed. Chicago is 1.5 point fav.
That is not to imply that we are unwilling to answer Qs -- you can send them our way as well!
Hey everyone my account has been hack some Jack rabbit had nothing else to. Plz do not open anything from me in the next few days. Sorry.
god i wish so bad we got loiter squad here... cbf to find somewhere to watch it online either but that'll have to happen eventually
Despite my best efforts, Hall of Famer statues at Oriole Park will be cast in bronze, not a mixed media of Legos and cookie dough.
Hi. Did you get my e-mail Sir Mix A-Lot? I may be attending your shindig with Victoria ;-)
I've heard that 78 or 80 Republican members of the House consider The Notebook to be their favorite movie.
Go TEXAS!!
tell me about it! im gonna buy a bunch of cups from taco bell some time and stock up a keg full of it or something lol
BUDDY! Where have you been?
JANET KILLED IT ON AMERICAN IDOL! THERE IS ONLY ONE JANET JACKSON!
this is in San Antonio
“: Spend another night on my own.” Welcome to my world . It sucks doesn't it.
New Delta snacks including salsa Sunchips and cranberries! Yum!
OMG that looks good. Do you pickup orders? Getting in my car now. ;)
Every day is Mother's Day to me. I am so grateful to have a loving, caring, non-psycho loving mother. Mum wins "best mum award" each year!
"I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe." ROFL You're such a dweeb :P
Why didn't you bring us chief !
Increase the quality AND save $$ on your next CD/DVD or custom t-shirt project!
This weekend join us for an Octoberfest Celebration...$15.95 get a Sam Adams Octoberfest pitcher and fried pretzels.
Back from surgery, with a numb leg but otherwise ok. Seems to have been successful. Now for the rehab . . .
don't get me wrong, Tommy... You're great. I just prefer no kidding.
I haven't been on twitter in so long!! All my tweets are from gifboom :O
I literally just fell out of bed. And scraped my knee. And possibly bruised my thigh. What a way to wake up! #sierrajoyness :)
Bitch al that black spray!
Just finished one of my gym sessions now going to class than gonna get something to eat than hit it again !
Yes! Best One!! fantastic flying books of mr. morris lessmore
is looking for a Controller - strong technical accting skills, JDE exp - GREAT OPPORTUNITY! Send me your resume !
If He doesn't get mad I'm gonna change his name to V-na cause he's a vag now
Hehe well enjoy your dinner ;) I'll start to study & you definitely are ;) & awh it looks awesome though! You're amazing xo
Hi JS & NS..saw you on HHI. I'm orignally from SouthSide, so I looked you up. Great blog! Fun to "explore" the island with you.
not a problem. Thank you for Toxie!
I love all these sites that have basically just copied Pinterest and are getting funded. Trippy, Fancy, Gentlemint, etc. Investors WTF?
everytime i see austin & ally i think to myself " Hey im and im going sing you a song today" Lol (:
i love you. im always here for you when you need me. just smile, your beautiful.<3 iloveyou5.(:
Just downloaded Wide Awake! killer track.
Hey I love you and your songs !!! GREAT WORK! YOU ROCK! ;)
That was probably the best tweet we've recieved all week, haha.... just kidding- He's all grown up!
Haha thanks Scot...someone just told me it makes them want to bail hay.
It's Friday
No because a charter school is always beholden to a public agency, no matter the status of their operator.
Going to sleep now. Goodnight
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes. ~ John Wooden
they DO have scrapple pizza! And burgers! Next step in slippery slope has scrapple stuffed crust!
Congratulations to the talented Keely Marshall who has just booked a McDonald's commercial!! YAHHHH KEELY!!!
I like to keep a lot of receipts in my wallet, it gives the illusion of money
It's so upsetting how people are we love you. #stopcyberbullyingnaya. Naya keep doing what your doing your inspirational!
Any questions about lesson rates, areas of specialty or available lesson times send an email to
only tickets left are for season ticket holder for 2013
MIDNITE-May5 El Mari characters will lead drinkin game w/audience! Liquor treats,new performers,n yes, boobs!
Good. The other is the Suez Canal and it's like I believe close to Egypt/Saubi Arabia. Somewhere up there.
#union got away with own there in the box. Definitely contact there. Oh well. Go Philly!
I really don't like applesauce.
Im Stoned!!
#thatawkwardmoment when someone is trying to have a conversation with you but your to busy twittering....
M&N are trending worldwide<3 (:
I know the deadline stated on the link says Friday, but we're extending it until 8pm EST... just in time for the Grammys :)
If you think it's hot now, wait until you see the show!
We're sorry, but something went wrong. We've been notified about this issue and we'll take a look at it shortly.
Two outs. Top 6. King 2, Churchill 2. King allows second (for now) unearned run on hit, errant pickoff and two ground outs.
Thx & twitter friends for a great opening nite!
Who's that ugly creep in the background?
30% of web traffic coming from
I figured it out. I have an ad blocker that was interacting badly with it.
re-watched Momento recently. Had forgotten had great it was!
Great activity for whisky aficionados. Delicious! May the best bartender win!
I'm watching the wizard of oz, and you came into my head, DOROTHY<3 hehe, please tweet me?:) ill be forever happy<3333
Waiting on the street. All the smiling faces passing by. Fucking tourists.
money may not buy happiness, but it sure makes misery much easier to live with
ella called me a demon child hahahaha
God blessed the broken road...that lead me straight to you
shut up lol
How much does one ugly bastard usage to ducking studder god damn i hate him I can't wait to get away from him
RT I am a bad person. A very bad person. Bad, bad, bad. This is why: www.bodyforwife.com/anonreferral.html ...brilliant.
Glad you liked it. What a gorgeous & also v romantic cover for Seven Nights in a Rogue's Bed! Can't wait to read it.
if its like last year, it'll probably be
Pumpkin spice frappucinos are amazing
why isn't tour stopping in south? London, Corbin, Somerset? ???
My Sunday funday includes work and laundry. Heading to Sheboygan.
Wait...that's not your real picture?
Does a gate have to open or is a gate something that defines space?
KISS and Motley Crue touring together, hells yeah!!!! Not missing that tour for nothing. \m/ \m/
Putting Cheez Its in my hoodie pocket was a bad idea.
Please tell me this illini alert is a mistake & there is no shooter on uiuc campus?! "Active shooter at BUILDING NAME/INTERSECTION."
My motha fucking doctor said I need a doctor so I called house n now I'm a pill poppa
pin:28E1C83D New BlackBerry
Did you pick up our BHM issue today in the ?
RT : Help female victims of human trafficking get back on their feet with the Nomi Network Global Project...
Can't stand that Front Row Amy is a mini-celebrity. Her groupies are even worse.
I woulda pounded on the wall too but he wasn't making her moan loud enough, it was like hearing two mice get it on.
Did you know that Mke now has SEVEN Irish dance schools? And we will have all of them, plus an 8th, dancing in the parade!
Tweet Me Maybe?:)
Great, you? RT HEY HEY HEEEEYYYYY how are you??
RIP lil Wayne. Your greatness stops at The Carter IV
Word. MT : what I'd like to see from #NewNewTwitter? The ability to search for tweets OLDER THAN AN HR. Retweet that, friends.
awesome work team... ill tell all my friends about that
You have to have a vision for what you want. Don't just see things as they are--envision what they could be. - Anthony Robbins
Lmao. I wonder if Numon remember the night he stayed over. That was a fun night. Haha.
I Wonder Who's Gunna Tell Me Happy Birthday First . :D
That stupid light always shines RIGHT in my eyes.
will be here in ALMOST 1 HOUR (1pm)! We can barely contain ourselves! (And we HIGHLY recommend BREADCRUMBS!)
: Women who inspire the spirit
Oh hey migraines, hadn't had you in a while.......
The moon isn't up yet and it's really concerning me
Who needs skill, ethics or judgement when you enjoy a complete lack of accountability?
great, no worries for you then! :D
Janice just want to let you know how very much appreciated your friendship is to me, have a great weekend
We rock'd the party!!!
dangerous game Mancini.. Shoulda kept attacking
It's already May! and we have a ton of submissions. Don't miss out! And tell your friends.
As I wander through life, the voice in my head seems to become of a single purpose. It keeps saying "You gotta be kidding me!"
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was getting me to date her.
Beyonce named People magazine's Most Beautiful Woman of 2012. Hard to argue with that. Thoughts?
the comment my step dad made yesterday trying to be all funny<<
lmao. Sure. Drugs. But you're welcome. Btw I like your avi.
Good luck - the Milwaukee Panthers are opening up in NC vs. ECU
U.S. identifies remains of troops in Afghan crash
What's your favorite Mycle_Wastman song? Check him out live tonight, 10pm-1am
yeah, Ikr? The time changes always mess me up, it may be more! Who knows?!
Whoa! Weird - my web version of Twitter is back to its old self, no activity tab. I guess I can't stalk y'all tonight.
2nd ever Sideshowcase tomorrow at 8pm in Belmont Blackbox!! Looking forward to some awesome Nashville talent? We are. :)
Good times and a great show last night!! Thanks for comin out metalheads!!!
well that would be a problem...
ill never look at those Geico commercials the same again
I'm still not sure about writing here myself, but for finding info, articles, & teaching materials, it's tops.
I don't think there's a place I hate driving to more than the Brookhaven campus.
interesting. seems like issues could have been avoided with more monitoring/research from Council, etc.
Yay for animal adoptions! So many poor homeless animals...
he's other handed
Just what the #Rangers needed after last night. Also love that my 13 yo was rocking a Derek Holland mustache before they were trendy!
Stacy's mom has got it goin on:p
Ha. He's like a radioactive marker for crap.
It's bad manners to say "I love you", with a mouth full of lies.»
thanks for the reminder
Just got done weight lifting :)
Got time to chat tomorrow?
New school year is a perfect time to share your favorite music. Tell your friends to check us out at myspace.com/morelikethemovies
Lol this late really?? Somebody hungry? lol
Remember: This year...real #Aztecs fans wear Red & Black for St. Patricks Day! How lucky to have an Irish PG...De Jay O'Gay!
To my sista needs you to make sure that the speech doesn't die and become words that wither away.
I workout! I'm sexii and I know it! XD good jam..
lol, love the randomness
it's albus bitch
Game 7 in Los Angeles #Lakers vs
Everyone's complaining about the ACT. Already took it. No stress for me!
<U+200E>. our love is like a song ..
yes, it was amazing for sure!
It's hard to follow you, if your bio is full of gramaticral...grummacular...germatricle...nevermind. *follow*
I have tattoos & I didn't even flinch for the one on my ribs I have witnesses
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage
jersey shore in italy?true?
- hoping you weren't majorly delayed. that just wouldn't be right. did you ever see the WaPo feature on Brooksley L?
Could you still be a Christian? Is the way of Jesus still the best possible way to live? Or does the whole thing fall apart?
I hope this test doesn't make me fail.
Trucks by DuckDuckMoose is a big win in the preschool dining distraction category.
The words I use in my stories can be found in the dictionary it's just a matter of arranging them into the right sentences.
Ugh I'm so tired after that, but god does it look good!!!
Where do you start to get rid of Comcast?
Overwrought faux-orchestral bullshit from people who think they are operating in Freddie Mercury tradition, but are not.
i knoowww mother but i was kinda transformed at birth, i came out yelling
East Side
Brain Matusz NEEDS to prove something tonight.
“: Volleyball is just a more intense version of 'Don't let the balloon touch the floor.'”
Go n follow my other account
I watch general hospital sometimes, do is one life to live characters permanent?
Tonight I discoverd that adding Rose's Lime Juice to a Screwdriver can vastly improve your evening
love brings life and life brings love...
#FrenchQuarterFestival here I come!!
are you a creepy fish hanging on my wall that sings to me when i walk past it
Respect my come up
All White Bricks
My boyfriend is so good.
I love Jose
Just saw the caravan escorting the #WTC beams headed from OH to IN. So cool! Lots of bikers on the road...
i could make ur picture if u give me the stuff u want in it :)
A large part of mankind is angry not with the sins, but with the sinners. Seneca
I'm double-fisting water & coffee this morning... don't make me laugh or I'll pee myself.
Owens. Redemption?
About to eat something squishy and pink... What the frick japan?
don't brake the code
Typing on the Macbook Air keyboard is a very satisfying feeling and sound.
Saw David Allen today at SPBT.org. He said, "It's not information overload; it's 'potential meaning' overload that is overwhelming."
hey friend
I gtg we can talk later bye
Thanks for including me in your Daily News. Good stories today.
So excited that today is Friday! Hope you all have a good weekend.
ignorance is bliss
analysis by : has more followers than on #Twitter, but Mitt's getting more clicks.
Having gone for years, I have to admit that I now prefer to experience #SDCC vicariously through tweets & pics; less crowded, less smelly
"The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything." Theodore Roosevelt
In my world all of the guys from 1D are appreciated ! I love them all equally <U+2764>'
What about your fans in SF? AT&TPark would be the perfect setting for
Thanks for the #FF, right back at ya! You all are awesome!
thanks for the follow keep up the good work
Excited and nervous for our LA Premiere!
Right Hand INSIDE the WAIST Walther P22 leather holster.
Lucky. All mine are asleep.
I've updated my end.
Nope.Keenum, Moore, Wilson and James are all that's left to be drafted this year.
Thanks for a great season. You played with class and made Badger nation proud!
how about some encouraging words for unpublished writers? do on word and email me at ty, can't wait
Testing, Testing..........This is a test of the emergency tweet service. Whoop Whoop!!!
Are u on Facebook?
Yesterday the Brazilian Federal Court unanimously decided that Affirmative Action policies are constitutional, thanks for spreading the word
ahh yes. Mar-gar-it-a dance party!
This is the year!
RT : Music is not a career option.
I have summer school too):
what do you want? I'm in Honduras?
Know of a local business in Milwaukee that we should be following? Tweet us at
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU TOO@!!!!!
omg. Is there any buses?
Thank you so much!
you got it!
I'm beginning to think the Sprint guy played a trick on me when he fixed my phone- there's no way the default tones are this gangsta'!
Had our first volunteer event at the Chicago Food Depository during night-we packed over 34,000# for the needy!
“Smile! It's free therapy.” - Doug Horton
Oh, Tiger Eyes, too! That was one of my fave books--and still one of the few good YA books that takes on racial issues.
I feel like im watching a basketball game when watching celebrity apprentace and survivor...
Hawaii is home!!
I think she was serious too... smh
Make up your mind or I'm out.
i hate when they finally have fries in the caf and there's no ketchup..
Tony Parker out for bruised knee. #spurs Heard it here first!
lol. moms rock!!!
USA, Black Buying Power is $1.1 Trillion. We spend 96% outside the black community. Remaining 4% is left to try and make ends meet.
I've never said this before, but I'm really thankful for traffic today!!!!
I just KILLED that #Panera Chopped Steak and Blue Cheese salad.
Ugh my sinuses always messin with me in the morning!!! -_______-.
People must mistake me with the actor Michael Ealy. I won't complain tho
Off To Cheer! I Don't Cheer Cause It's Fun.. I Cheer Cause It's My Life.
Not bad at all for someone who taught himself.
": Whatcha doin?" Directing a local news morning show in Madison. Z...
Hoping the rain holds off so we don't have any issues getting to Lakeland.
Tried attending ALA Tech Trends webinar. First audio issues, then got booted and couldn't get back in. Irony!
I haven't but will be trying a few out soon! Have you stumbled on any interesting ones?
Woke up in so much pain...agggh i have so much time left...December ain't coming fast enough
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-6
All things work together for good to those who love God. Romans 8:28
We might just take you up on that.
I would lick that shit out ya pussy 24/7 365 u my favored pornstar love u beautiful
Yessir, dakota lounge 1026 wilshire blvd RT : where is this place? Do I bring my salsa shoes? Lol
2 "Ep's" finished this week! Working on 3rd:-)
I love your tweets follow Please? ur stunning :)
thanks for the shout out!
Just got my first of hopefully many phone calls/notes from today's rally - heard 65k people? Awesome! #wiunion, ROCK ON!
thanks for the rt. How are you doing?
praying for you & a quick recovery!
cake mix lol
it's okay I just had to pick up my bro that's why I was in a rush
Unknown artist? Unload your music for sell...www.whoorli.com
D.C.: The more things change, the more they stay the same.
RT : Is your business interested in being an official sponsor of The Island Fringe Festival? Get in touch with us at...
- Hoke's winning with Rich Rods recruits who are now bigger, faster, stronger, and more experienced, especially on Def
Today is going to be busy. Make this dress and getting ready for #MissKitty's
Gail, and yet again she blogged anger, indignation, resentment, and rage
i eat so much during the day... no wonder i feel that way
- I feel like I've been trampled by a herd of truckers
Watching men walk on frozen water while using sticks to put black cylinders into a sideways basketball hoop. Interesting.
The HRC is back to normal hours for Spring 2012 semester. Yes, we're open until 10pm tonight. :-)
I don't think I'll be sleeping peacefully tonight... Saw a flippin roach and my whole body just got goosebumps >.<
Did u really just say "DORK"? -.-
The special was immensely overboard & crass. Wade & Bosh are saintly by comparison.
they are very cute. thanks, kevin.
Fuck this feeling.. nap time .
Jackie Clarkson says diversity should work both ways
she is wild lol.
give the gift of
I hope the girl I tried to save from getting an MIP, PI, DWI, or whatever made it home safely...she was gone!
always a great way to start the day!
are you fucking kidding me
Kenny G is the Dane Cook of saxophone.
realized about 2 minutes after the service ended that she totally forgot to include the Father's Day prayer.
I absolutely love SWS and Pierce the Veil :))
Hey girl! It was nice getting to meet you :) That's so cool that you drove 3 hrs to see them <3 Dedicated Macer right thur :D
#rise&grind Thanking God 4 blessing me 2day. On my way 2 work. Jus gonna leave it God's hand and enjoy the day wit a smile.
Okay no more requests. I am live, warming up on ZenLive.tv -- I want to hear you sick fucks calling in tonight when the show starts @ 9!
If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you're strong enough to get back up
TGIF! 20% OFF any #Jewelry Repair Service! Mention this tweet to the cashier ;) #Paradise Valley Mall
Hopes you can listen to Invisible Hand on Radio Freedonia from 2 to 4 on 91.1 or wtju.net. It's a joyous release election day!
lol they weren't thank god
RT : Four mobile products for libraries: Fanggle, Boopsie, BookMyne and Mosio's Text a Librarian. Anyone use these?...
Praise the Lord for you and your friend. We have standard teaching guides but personalize the lessons to fit our kids!
Hello friend :)
this is talking about when I wasn't handicapped hahaha
I am always looking for good mortgage lenders email me your info at
lets fight!
Alright... Sending good vibes to student scholars everywhere. Finish strong and #FIGHTON!
: sitting, standing, walking, writhing, laughing, dancing, seeing, loving, feeling, living.
Glad that you said that, Michael! I have had to defend mine in each house I've owned. (old houses/original wood/love em)
Thanks so much, Mike!
Miss you too, friend! :)
Messi was 13 years old when he came to Barcelona.
Getting away is great and home is even better! If I can help u promote your new projects let me know! :)
Basketball or baseball, which shall I choose?
I 'staWow seriously just got grounded from seeing a girl untill I 'straighten up'
“: I wanna get my nipples pierced xD but that be weird xD” Me & Kasey are getting them soon haha.
way to plan ahead w/the sanitizer! Sadly, wasn't at the game but was at ESPN Zone across the street! 2nd best place to be!
I know. Can you hop on Skype right now just for text chat? I'm at work!
oh no! LOL
At first I thought you took my breath away, but then I realized I was just being suffocated by your bullshit.
Just heard KG say "Get that sh*t out of herer" Mic is too close.
New year New money
Nothing would make me happier than to super-sim this up coming week.
Are we having fun yet? I think we know how you feel... stressed!
Hip hop fighter? Larry Merchant is quickly moving into Pat Summerall territory
FDA sent out warning letters to jack3d manufacturer. Is jack3d as dangerous as cocaine? Let us know what you think.. Send us your thoughts
iPad 3 now in stock in Millersville. (call to reserve yours!) 1-866-MAC-MEDICS
Hanging w/
ha! whats the excuse for every other day?MT:some nxtbus predictions may not be available. Remember Metrobus is running on Sat schedule
LOLOLOLOL wow only u and what a topic and what VIP ?
should I stay or should I go now
Alumni, students & faculty: What's your favorite thing about the ? Share your thoughts with our incoming students.
man im hungry
lmao that's some deep shit.
My apologies for delays in website updates. Things are finally starting to get under control here!
Surgery went well. Still groggy from anesthesia. my right hand is useless. Typing with only my left. This status has taken 7 mins to write
There's alot of talk about change, but very little is usually accomplished. Change has to start at the top, and it has to mean something.
Social networking is like a club. Twitter is the dance floor, tumblr is the bar and facebook is the people crying in the toilets.
God gave me you for the ups and downs. :)
This postseason has been full of injuries - who do you think will come out on top?
Always great to meet with The man knows his
#OOMF doesn't know what she just did. :D
Getting pelted by ice as I walk to class on March 23, gotta love Buffalo
Ive had this a couple times. Not as fun as it sounds. RT : Dislocated kneecap for #Knicks PG Baron Davis.
Philadelphia Eagles take two defensive picks and a quarterback on second day of NFL draft
RT : People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.
Crazy busy IS good. Remember us little people when your book becomes a best seller :).
#imagine One Direction singing what makes Madie Beautiful and at the and they give reasons why you are Beautiful :) say ILY
Have you ever been to Hershey, Pennsylvania?(:
9-6 ball game over Houston. The Stacheford saves it again
Yay! You finally got it back!<3:D
I'm gon have to call my barber hands. Dis nigga always gotta make phone calls and shit and wonder why he don't get no tip
just took a trip down memory lane & the buddhist church was not there..
taylor gang or have as many followers as ha!
call her yoko ohno she a man eater, ski mask diva she might up and leave u but ucan never leave her u ain't never have herso u cant keep her
Said your hair is beautiful!:D
Ready for some new normal. Please and thank you!
The winners were chosen by our Facebook fans. They voted for the photos they liked best.
Subs at cane ridge... smh
Abundance is about being rich, with or without money.
Good for him, now he speaks about it RT : Obama to kids: Carbon is warming the planet. We should do something about this....
Those give me the weirdest dreams
It's raining cats and dogs and rain.
i heard you're looking for a gentlemen. is it ok if hes australian too?
Peggy's dress blends right into the sofa.
Hoping I don't get assassinated on this Ides of March.
We're lucky that it always is around here! Cheers to you!
hella snow u guys
White castle sesh
I hope you tweet about it later, though! Just to give your loyal followers an overview
B-Town this weekend?
uh you need to back the fuck up off our shit
Good morning sunshine!!!
Come on, Milwaukee! It's time to Defeat the Wheat! That's right - no upcharge on any #GlutenFree menu item, and 2-4-1 New Grist beers!
We are about match one #get2philly #
surprised that and stuck to the favorites in the early games (except NCST which is listed as a favorite but is a dog)
how much do you love Danielle?
Love that my husband carries me down a flight of stairs after I've gone sleepy with only one minor elbow bang to disturb me. What a sweetie.
Really want to go on , teach a thing or two about negotiating, then go into business and make him much richer!
Phoebe is invited to stay for dinner at the house of a friend who has 4 siblings. I feel for the mom, Phoebe says "Enough with the empathy!"
Aye Cam! quick question how tall are you?
#mygrandmaiscool cuz she's now at room temperature.
hey guys
Yesterday I sent surveys to CA-52 candidates on Qs re: bicycling as transpo if elected. Disconcerting how responses are split on party lines
Enjoy your Sunday #Boston :)
ready go fuck with mariah on oovoo
You could run for Congress on that platform. RT : Plastic flowers are never OK..."planting" them outside should earn you damnation.
Christian sacrifice is about learning to make one's life into a gift that creates communion. ~Norman Wirzba
and it still looked like a normal moon in every picture. Seeing the moon live was nice, the pictures were the same old thing.
Order sent to Jillian in Canada!
u there?
cloud or dedicated?
is doing a Fall Tour, could life get any better? I think not, unless they don't come to my state on one of their dates...
yeah got a bruise
So, If a bunch of midgets did the "wave" would it be called a ripple?
I saw Donald and Maria before it crashed. Thanks T! Xoxo
I teared up a little when Ted thought to himself, "I miss you." Tragic.
feel better
never could :)
RT Every time I walk past a campus tour, I want to join in. Those guides are so peppy!
amazing ustream like always !! Loved you but can you please tell me Andrews twitter and follow me please would make my day <3
Midst crafting my five-minute elevator speech on mobile interpretation. Any tips? Could be a fun thing to add to the wiki
Are they supposed to be announced soon?
alright! Might make a tourney....
If you're looking for a nonprofit interested in preventing and reducing childhood obesity, contact us to learn more!
Really no better feeling than coming out of an exam and feeling like you knew every question
- After their faces melt off, poor LA will be left wet with wanting.
my dream will come true if you follow or tweet me :))
Most Libra women r hoes u mite c them n the bk seat of a car. The men r liars
Going to do a lil shopping today
archives on our wiki.
There is not a 5 year plan. There is only a relentless search for what the consumer wants next.
good I'm at school already
I am thinking rain!!
Also, someone needs to develop a sports bra for men. The PGA Tour would be on that immediately
RT : ANNOUNCING: LIVE bands every weekend. Saturday, come see and No Cover
Just made a presentation with a NARB
Because his little wife thingy is.. Well not too nice :b
its funny how in longest yard, all the black ppl step in and are all magically amazing at football
New York Yankees complete trade for Houston Astros' Lance Berkman
Getting ready to take baby girl number two home...
Aw okay
Rich man swag
Way to burst my bubble, Olivia. :'(
I see u homie
In Music Mting Shooter Jennings “Everything Else is Illusion” ok 1st listen can’t decide if theres too much going on or not enough
good lord no! how about Parti?
just had plátano...yea buddy! thats the stuff:)
catch a falling star and put it in your pocket, save it for a rainy day.
Curious if anyone saw "In the Heights" at the Milwaukee Theater over the weekend. Care to give me a twitter review? Didn't get chance to go.
Boomgarden finishes off Schnarr in straight sets. Rodgers will now try to serve out his match against Hogendorn to join Boomer in the final.
Guyss celyna lost her story so im going 2 start mine ! :) hope we'll find it son ! :) xx michelle <U+2665>
Northport game tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> so pumped<U+26A1><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
I already did! Along with Dreadnaught and Founders Double Trouble on tap.
Just comprehended the birthday present I got from last night...I am one lucky man
give and take give and take give and take
Coach Herring sounds like shaq
Man you aint never lied. I def miss those days.
yes they do!
I pray that I get this job! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
Success of integration has much to do with teacher education. Cost of team-teaching; mastermind who can bring it together
pitchin bottles right now live in tha mix.
You are still getting more and more followers, but I just STUCK here. Maybe it' s because I don't tweet too much. Haha!
your pretty awesome yourself lol.
#NEworks Symonds - 60% US 27 year olds don't have a #college degree. A third of jobs require a deg, + 30% require AA or some college
Whoa, for real? What is the heading?
aww no we do, we do! Just some students want to know where the quiet places in the library are so they can study quietly
Hello! Ah, favorites... My all time fav is La Maison du Chocolat, and Li Lac in NYC is so good. Any you love?
whatever I have been fighting off the last couple weeks has started to win.
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
Getting gussied up for the Best of Washington Party
no problem
just look for the creepy religious icons!
#paleodiet going strong. Half way there to reach 100 days of #paleo!
“: Doesn't "turbo session" sound much cooler than "trainer session"? gonna start calling all my gear "kit" Love it!
Feeling energized after an awesome swim this morning and the beautiful weather. Planning to spend the whole day outside
Why am i awak on a Sat b4 7 a.m. oh yeah its cause i cant breath from allergies.
Remember once you find it email us @ the email on the card.
: 110 too fat for East Coast touring ski? Amperage or Atomic Blog. Marker Tours or Dynafit. Scarpa Mobe.
Franklin comes alive!
All James Bond movies are less interesting now that we have the Internet.
775k at ft of 10. Lost a big pot b vs b aq < a6 on a2364 board
Beautiful sunrise over the Ohio countryside.
GOOD GOD!
Spoiled brats.
White boise hate tweeting # lukin ass
When there are live #twitter events for TV shows, the ratings go up 1% says
Guess you'll have to wait and see :).
who's listening to #jockjams? yup that's right.
": Everyone seems normal until you get to know them."
Pure blue skies. Putting on sunblock to goin skiing. At Summit.
We All Win When You Think Local First! Stop in today to register for a free bleaching or the grand prize of a local luxury getaway!
++++ interview and dialogue btwn Herbstreet and Cowherd on ESPN radio today!!
Ha ha ha! That is so funny. Maybe you can get a dreadlock wig and try it out first, if you're not joking.
but I need to get out of this base asap before I lose my motivation too.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? °Answer: Nothing – but it let out a little whine.
Destin for the night
enjoyin my last taste of beer :( this is gone be a long 40 days.........
no, anyways... Why didn't you show up at Music Appreciation? I could of sworn I saw you on the bus... oh, follow me plz
Any of you dudes going to Star Wars Weekend in Orlando?
a huge shout out to for donating to the derby party! Trunk show this weekend if you need some last minute wears!
i will never understand why someone would be happy to be a #1 Heat Hater
I am more productive with classic rock, especially when it streams from Richmond, VA
Welcome back, Number 46!
Watch put youth media look forward to And use mobile tech, game design, & create online learning capabilities, like
This day couldn't possibly drag on any further, could it?
AFTA research shows that advocacy for the arts makes a huge difference. 25 SAAs had an increased or flat budget.
Any new news? RT : Columbia Public Schools confirming a lock-down at Grant Elementary School.
... Give whatever he wants!
Workin and enjoying being done with school for a few months. Adjusting to not being busy 24/7.how about you? What's new missy?
That ain't news Son!
of course. Thats out bread n butter
play up the whole jobless thing...the town you currently live in the juxtaposition of the two & randomness of your last job
School isn't the same without my other Chewy
Just hit my broken hand <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Construction upstairs sounds like it's being conducted by a mournful Wookie.
haha 13 thanks;) what are you doing?
I will I'm there a lot usually with my best friend !!
Adele has a beautiful voice.
Wowsers! Low-end #embedded systems with 200 MHz 64 MB and #Javascript and #Erlang. We used to run companies on less!
Jason Isbell just finished up at # Oldsettlersmusicfestival. looking for !
I would have kept this on the down low normally Now im proud to admit Whitney's I Will Always Love You top 10 best songs ever!!
My roommate about making dinner tonight - "Add an onion baby and you got a stew going" - Hat nod to ->
I am so floating. GBR
In my admittedly limited experience around small children, I've decided no one is truly "ready."
Ha! I remember all too well. BTW I'm guessing I'll be back again. Gotta think Wisconsin has a great chance. Oregon??
Yw. Glad u had a good bday (part one) party last night.
You wanna protect marriage? Make it harder for people to divorce.
I did
Yeah you're just dumb.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
For link building, search engines are looking for footprints -- avoid the same anchors, says
I'm fairly certain the girl in the middle isn't wearing pants.
Ah the magic of being hacked. :oP In any case, thanks for the heads-up . Time to go totter out of bed and enjoy my day off!
clean underwear is a good place to start,) tear it up tomorrow T Rob,) Jonni Armani
Basic Questions!
They dont have a twitter
I am now, but would love you more if I could easily pin what I like, not just re-pin what you think I should.
thats well cool are you going to give it to him when u meet him?
lol, pass game 5, Roy hibbert owned Howard in the reg season, the pacers had the 5th best record for a reason! Bring on Miami
#3885. How awesome are you??:P
It would be nice if those "most" told those who aren't to "wise up." Some still have antiquated "inflexible" policies.
I don't understand how people can post personal stuff on facebook. Like yeah, I post personal stuff on twitter, but it's different here.
I thought I'd never have internet again :O haha
My Nye finally went down the steps by hiself :) im so proud of him
OMG I love AMC Im going to come right out & say it! I sit & watch Star Trek Nemesis as a Stripes preview airs...Happiness is the AMC lineup!
Performing the Ravel Piano Trio tonight with the Norfolk Chamber Consort at Old Dominion University, Chandler Hall :30pm
#mumfordandsons up next!
Hey girl! Thanks so much!
He threw a knife into heaven.
Me either..GOOGLE!
Productive day today! Booked 3 fashion shoots, and one high end condo shoot- Maybe now I can leave the apartment- HA!
2 girls, 1 rose, 1 stays, 1 goes. My new favorite poem. Can't wait for the #Bachelor !
Was it just me or after the show iCarly they gained more fans It means theres more directioners!! That means moreinfection :D isnt it great?
oh em gee! So excited! Found out I will be competing nationally! maybe.... let's hope ((:
“: A true friend sees the first tear... catches the second... and stops the third #ilovemyfriends”
thank you much!!!
i hate being ignored
Jinxed it RT : #WhitecapsFC have broken an MLS record with consecutive minutes without allowing a goal to start a season!!!
it's no "Throw Deep," but it's aight.
Hey! Quit looking at twitter when you should be working!
Paul van Dyk's new album Evolution is so beautiful, it makes me want to cry. He far surpasses previous albums w/ this one<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
While you're at it, break out the mellotron too
#cincodemayo this weekend!
more like "whoop whoop, pull over that ass is too fat" haha!!
No cheer practice today . Kind of happy , ( : . Hanging with Olivia and Danielle probably .
I need ya all to follow this sexy beast right now! Tell me if ya do and I'll give ya a shoutout too!!! <U+2665>
If anybody wpuld like to take a break from studying I have something I need help with.
Always pleased at #Ruthschris restaurant. This time in Grainger. Thanks to Kim for a nice evening. Think I'll do a review while here...
I did quite a bit today We'll compare notes in the early am. 8^)
I repeat what I said, only louder. ; )
It's a good movie! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> RT : No, i havent either RT : I'm the only one that hasn't seen think like a man <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Phone dead ugh
Hope everyone had a great Easter!
#trsandswstour will this ever trend
RT : "if you don't have a vision for your product to make the world a better place then you won't get the best hires" Lanyrd
When "Rex" is added to the end of a cat breed name, it implies that they have curly... or otherwise unusual fur.
That's gorgeous! <3 :)
u gonna bring my money
If it wasn't obvious before, it's official now: #Coldplay has NO imagination for rhythm.
THEN I DON'T WANT YOU AROUND
We love Chuck! RT : TONIGHT 6-8PM webinar w/: "Bullying: What Every Educator Should Know & Do" ft.
My lord can we get one spring game without rain! Still excited about year 3. GO CARDS
'twas a pleasure seeing today. Tried and loved it!
Foul-mouthed satellite DJ forced to share space w/ a perky #NPR feminist. That's the new Dane Cook NBC sitcom.
I love Off to go browse for a bit, I need an affordable floor length white dress!
lol i know right!!
We'll be open today between 12 noon and 5pm! That snow's melting fast!
finally!! I love how politically vocal you've been--keep it up!
well, there's no wifi in the impala. :)
this is me
Absolutely thrilled to chat with this morning. Oh how brings good people together!
please follow she is you biggest fan!37
I have not seen you yet. I am waiting for my food
you can do that to me any day!
Future engineering: Middle school students get hands-on at UT - Knoxville News Sentinel
don't forget about yo' twitter nation
what you charging for a beat
only if you write me songs about unicorns and death
Alarm clocks: Because every morning should start with a nice heart attack.
ok I am half a wanna be gangsta
- Thanks for being my 400th follower! :) Now onto 500.
count sheep...lol
EpicureanGroup hiring staff for p/t delivery & other catering staff positions. Eat great food & make $$! Dependable & professional please!
oh hope youre ok
As long as your dedicated it's doesn't matter which pond you drink from... You will succeed!!!
Eli went to Disney world I going to San Juan
got u Ima switch it up just to c way u on fam...
Very cool move!
Hey there Ellen! Doing great here; Dev and I just got back from a vacation in the GA mountains. Hope you're well too!
loved the movie!!
belated congrats!
I follow back ;)
Carmen San Francisco
I sleep with my closet open,and no night lights. I dare a monster to come try and fuck with me.
There comes a time in life when the things you see are not really there,and the unseen are right before your eyes.
Whoa that was close
are you guys affiliated with Bethesda's Barking Dog? And why is your chicken quesadilla so amazing?!
lol that tweet was great.. im following u too & that means that im following u too in english (?) lol
Nope, asked Uncle John to send me an invite but he never did.
14 year olds shouldn't be on Twitter because most of them won't shut up about their problems. Some things are meant to be kept to yourself.
I know, not hung up on numbers but quality. Hate those who follow then unfollow. Glad for those who stay true & inspire!
tweet back asshole
yes sir. I changed EVERYTHING. What I ate. When I ate. Made exercise a focal point. Everything. For my kids. :)
#Movement12 was rockin awesome! I wanna be when I grow up! Great job Brother!
Holy Jesus oh my bob I just met and I asked Isaac to make an #itgetsbetter video and he wrote it down!
And the last pick goes to.... The NC State Wolfpack!
Hopefully, what are the dates? RT: Thanks for the shout out Bianca! Hope to see you this October at the...
I am a longtime Gibson player. This news gives more reason to stick with my 71 Les Paul. You are better than that
enjoying the beautiful spring weather in Philadelphia
Minor earthquake. I think. Keep calm & tweet on.Seeing the tonight in #sandiego Can't wait!
People say they're there for me.. But In the end I still feel alone.
Ehh so over the bullshit honestly keeping to myself I don't need anyone...
Thanks to everyone that came out last night. It's always so amazing to see all your shining face along with new ones too <3
if you put a sticker on there let me know how it holds up to the water
I heard that's really good. Verdict?
Both impressed and amused by ladies able to go through an elaborate make-up routine on the bus.
I've been told I'm full of shit.
i learned that a couple years ago it was called duct tape! i was so confused!
Back when crocs were big.
reminded me of all the times he destroyed us in high school back in the old parkland conference w/ 3s. Some things never change.
Why is it ethical for secret services men to "resign" when accused of a sex scandal. Military ppl have to take a dishonorable discharge!!
Looking for books to teach to Fifth Graders! Any suggestions...new or old would be helpful! What were your favs as a kid?
Hoes cum n a bakers dozen...
The fedora probably really pulls the whole outfit together.
Went to sleep screeming at every1.....Woke up from my nap happy :) point being nice dreams can change you lol :)
Mom? Lol. RT : #TextsThatGetYouScared You got two seconds too get your ass home !
Good luck Caryn! Be there in spirit!
Police have reopened the Natalie Wood accidental drowning case? Wow. I had such a crush on her back in the day.
Today my former showbiz world collided with my anthropological sphere and it was *really* interesting ... I could get used to this :)
seriously a treat.
Which career? The science or the design?
Didn't make it to my trainer today, had a chiro appointment instead. Bummed though.
I mean, at least when we were beefing, we weren't subtweeting the whole time lol
. perhaps we need national policies on how to properly handle these situations w/o law enforcement. Our leaders have failed
Gladys and come see me for your Lincoln products!
Horrible Day Just Awful ! :/
is celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month from September 15-October 15. Celebrate with JAM as we present Latin Jazz facts....
Thanks for an engaging breakfast chat re: #spectrum, #competition and comic books !
5 days to go before Talkbiznow.com solves the online advertising problem of placement - don't miss out!
Uploading my video
So I would like to thank all of my wonderful followers!!! :)<3 I never thought that I would have this may followers! :)<33
good luck at conference
Thank you love!
Today was kind of anticlimactic
will do captain
I went shopping today. Yep, talk is still cheap.
indeed! And cloudformation works very well with both Chef and Puppet
Its only fools who see life as a competition n try to take advantage of people around them.
Dear cute guy that I saw at this hockey game, Please come back. (:
Lmbo whoa! I didn't mean to rt that.... i just agree that cancers are freaks lol
Anyone know of a good multi-author Twitter app? Or generally how to set up a multi-author Twitter account?
hahaha oh, I am not proud of this fact. You're right though, that age is hilariously adorable.
Lie to Me, but do not Lie to My Heart. E.c.
2 be wrong is nothing unless you continue 2 remember it..
And as always, you are too, too humble.
Bizarre, i like that word, makes me feel like a rare wild animal or something... idk.
The times you saw only one set of footprints in the sand, Jesus was carrying you. But I was carrying Jesus.
you have identified my secret sauce. That is the approach I have used, and it is working well. DM if you want more details.
The Colfax 5K benefits - and they help charities supporting the arts, youth, human services
Having no intention of going to a Facebook event... but still clicking "maybe" anyway so you don't look like a mean cunt :D.
That's what we said!
American Reunion time. Hopefully Jim gets a 2nd shot at that pie
SNAP OUT OF IT YO!
Who is going to be at this Saturday with and ? WE ARE!!! Stop by the K-LOVE tent and say hi!!
Follow me so I can inbox you.
seems I mentioned the wrong twitter account...
Exciting Friday night for me. Wife & kids crashed early, so buried my nose in "Bones of the Hills" for 4 chapters. Big fan of Conn Iggulden.
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer
need a pick up from the airport?
I haven't been on twitter most of the day. But i'll leave the Padres' tweets to you guys.
Nope, straight out of the fridge.
Yeah- we get that 2! Totally embarrassed-UPS man jst said "C u tomorrow" cause he knows he's @ our house practically everyday
Thanks for mention, Patrick. Langcasters represent.
Four months to go!!
Welcome to the world of twitter! Look forward to sharing your weekly
Is that the rich, white person version of horchata?
Brew time=
Great time in Orlando this weekend, had a meeting with the team, and great things are coming. Its back to the grind for now,
Cultivating positivity is a conscious choice.
Thank you for the welcome. I am looking forward to connecting with you.
One my way to catch Yelle at 9:30 Club!
When boys copy u in a high pitched voice. I never go a day with out that happening..
When I eat fried pickles at Hooters, I keep my eyes closed so that I won't be able to see the good looking women that work there.
where are you... and I are nervous.
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever......
Cards win and gunshots go off through parking lot of complex. Rolling Hills you cease to amaze me.
calm down.
:) : THE JEDEYE1 SONG OF THE DAY:ROCK WITH ME TONIGHT By Freddie Jackson
"not like id leave when they do it tho, i stand over their shoulder to make sure they dont fuck my phone up lol"
car salesmen are almost as bad as their service departments. Chief / Boss is the worst.
A walk able city allows you two things: improvisation and discovery. Those don't happen at 45 mph
Day 2 home sick and my 6 year old is organizing the crayons by color. In preparation for a crayon tag team wrestling match, of course.
My motto today, from the brilliance of my friend "Don't talk about it, be about it."
miss you!
Super cool that Twitter takes foreign language characters. See past posts in Russian & Chinese. Vietnamese still to come.
So does my mom! Haha
The average person spends three years of his or her life on a toilet
LP JUST OPENED A XXXXL CAN OF WOOP ASS!!!!!!!!!!!
in order: Pulp, Reservoir, Kill Bill 2, Ing Bast, Kill Bill, Jackie Brown, Death Proof, 4 Rooms
You still Looked Beautiful! Get ready gorgous big meeting in NYC on the 11th :) SO proud of you!!!!!
Nathan and I had a blast at Wallops Flight Facilty today!!! That place is awesome!!!!
Damn, these are some bomb ass noodles. Dey hot too! #FAT!
is working a little late tonight at the capitol.
revived the #mancrush : ) that is totally cool ..... Wherever the love comes from...
Might drop #github and #basecamp for #springloops, ... the UI is crazy nice yo! and it seems to have the combined functionality of both.
Gotta go to the Jim
That my friend is the safest bet!
Uh retweet if you're wearing one right now!
Be ready to tell your key highlights from college career: clubs, organizations, charities and internship/work experience.
What's yo status at the bank?
I'm surprisenly not the jealous type . Cuz if I can't trust my bf , how can I expect him to trust me
New fav casting notice line: "tasteful nudity". Do I even want to know why it's tasteful?
33 cents at Kroger for the reeses peanutbutter egg!
oh good!! Yes, it was nice. I still made dinner, but I had my little family all to myself all day. :)
Haha. I suppose that's true. But fired? For on time? Tough crowd is all :)
Sure. Well, I'm here if you have any more questions.
hey devendra! INNOVATE!!!! is awesome!
Ridin round in that lac w/ the seat leaned back AK on my side in case a n*ggas wanna jack... tell em!!!
Shit, my energency candy bag is running low.
Why do people always gotta lie on me ? Thats some bs .
you did great! I love your smile!
RT : The first five days after the weekend are always the toughest.
Do you want me at your tailgate for the 11/19/2011 LSU at Ole Miss game - bid on my 2 hour tailgate appearance on Ebay - Item# 140612016290
Mario's pizza is saving my life right now
I hope it rains more so my track meet gets canceled
Those who knew and loved Junior Seau say they didn't see this coming, there were no warning signs
a lot to a little, twice
I really enjoyed the ID4 reboot I watched last night!
yep will go w my mom she loves John
god justin bieber is too funny LMFAO!
I know its Mothers Day but my mom is getting a little carried away...
I'll take two :)
When I Didn't Have A Facebook , I Had Twitter <3 Well I've Decided Too Come Back..Lol ! (:
They actually adjusted the gross for '21 Jump Street' up. Disney investors scrambling after 'John Carter' mess...
I SWEAR I HAVE BAD LUCK SOMETIMES!!!!
Friday night reading includes slavery and the making of America. Coupled with a thunderstorm and a blown out knee, looking like an early one
I'll be on the lookout.
Hello Bella :)
Cool Picture :)
So excited / nervous about my birthday party tonight!
Thank you so much!
Oh awesome. Have fun! Are you bringing other lenses with you?
Beautiful day offshore today, still waiting to go to work. Guess I shouldn't complain not to many jobs pay you for doing nothing.
Hey, watch it! From a Clevelander.
thanks for the mention!! Oct 26 can't come soon enough!
Idk you but that's definitely not true at all! No one is a disappointment. Nobody's perfect! Keep your head up! #ThinkPositive!
Your life is your life. Know it while you have it. You are marvelous. The gods wait to delight in you.
I just got a curtesy laugh from my 1 yr old. I'm on fire.
Why can't there be a Santa Pig? Pigs don't fit in chimneys.
Sorry to here
Tried to reply to DM but it didn't work. Twitter thinks you're not following me.
Carl Schurz~ Our country right or wrong. When right to be kept right when wrong to be put right.
RT : T2 the whole point of MU and the transition to EHRs is to make this process easier, and the rules should reflect this.
It'd be way more shocking if Queen Latifah came out as a real Physical Therapist after her attempt at portraying one in
Yeah Osama is apparently dead....This could be actually very very bad depending on how fuc%ed up in the head the dude replacing him is.....
Some blank stares in the crowd at the R...
we should make it and say sorry for the lateness but we just thought you need to stop growing so fast!
I like your tweet.
Let's go Marquette!!
Hi right back at you! Hope all is well back in NY!
yeah buddy make me proud :)
“The camera makes everyone a tourist in other people's reality, and eventually in one's own.” ~ Susan Sontag
Happy Birthday :)
One more hour to get any special orders for book in for Christmas delivery. Cutoff is 11:30AM!
Underground blackberry farmers have planted their seed in memorial circle!
“: I love drunk straight Guys!!!!” me too cause we can do whatever we want to them
Off to bed, maybe tonight ill dream about watching my self tell the #news again.
Looking forward to seeing you tonight at 7:30 for our community meeting!
can you send me some sun, please? Its rainy & cold here! :( RT : this sure does beat sunny spring training ;)
Richard Tillinghast, a #poet, is reading TONIGHT! U of M, 8pm, UC Room 350. Be there or be pinched!
Felt great to get out and do some yard work in this beautiful weather! I love #summer activities!
What covers would you like us to play?!?!?
In the words of Jason "Frogger" Conner - "The Big Ten is 8-1 in the tournament, and m*ch*g still sucks!!"
uim so tired!!! I NEED MY CUDDLE BUDDY:::: BED
": The queen is on site RT : First contact on real clay for Serena. Williams, as she practices now on court 3"
no i lied...i hate when people wear high heeled crocs because they try to be cool...
Even though the party may be over on Indiegogo, you can still get updates about the project by liking us on Facebook...
dude ur leaving london out again ill miss u again!!austin u will never come here will u or will u??
nigga i cant call u on twitter and wake u up -__- oh and sorry :/ wont happen again..
Please welcome pAmsLoVe to the Max life
Hey, thanks! :)
#WhatGives I made a milkshake and no boys are in my yard! #Damnit -_-
Watchin inside the nba on
love the enthusiasm! I thrive on it. I'm an idea man!
Yeah, it's hard to stay on one subject for me. And yes, all those guitars are mine. I have a problem. Ha ha.
Check again.
Love you back girl!! xo
instagram name ~ horangang ~ such a G name nobody but me could make it have so much swag LOL JK
you're only half right. --> I like you already!
8 more weeks of our winter? Yipes, that's a lot of discontent. (The groundhog only claims 6... )
LOL Nette is funny. You need to write a book
GREAT BLESSED MORNING TL
That's good! It sounds cute!
I didn't know Martha was a photographer! Awesome, thanks!
Quarto out loud means room -That party's 2 hot 4 me LOL! RT : Quarto de Mayo the party before the party RT
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor. If you love me, I’ll always be in your heart. If you hate me, I’ll always be in your mind.
I am so happy right now.
Today's Birthdays: Boxing Hall-of-Famer Sugar Ray Leonard is 56. Actor-comedian Bob Saget is 56. Sports announcer Jim Nantz is 53.
Can't wait for the future of :) so proud of him<21
not goin out 4 a while!!
NeuroSun …Not So Shiny
By chance anyone today wearing your brewers shirts with the logo on the back?
I hate the single life~
1968: "Music people never wanted ordinary drinks. They wanted sake, or champagne cocktails, or tequila neat" - Joan Didion, The White Album
Nebraska has quit!
So sweet <33
great music, drinks, n ppl
Ray Charles to the bullshit
tweeting live from the #OGOpening tomorrow night at 5:30pm. inspiring presentations, conversations, performances & exhibitions
I vote for BBQ!
is the most brutally awesome person we know!
Why have "#teamfollowback" if you don't even follow back? Lol
would love to connect and touchbase about the industry if you have a couple minutes? Enjoy the LA weather! 30 deg here in NYC!
Any one kno Harry Styles, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, and Louis Tomlinson's twitters? -Maria
lol boy i say hi to you at school to !
When you are out tonight, look up! The moon will appear bigger and brighter than usual!
When I will be doing the interview, I'll be sure to let your guys know
I'm joining the Catholic Church during tomorrow's Easter Vigil. Does that count?
i really wish Primo would get here with my hoagie already!!! my tummy is rumbling!
well hello! :)
RT : Keep tweeting! If #lastminute trends we will award a $250 Lands' End gift card!
That would explain a lot about how I feel this morning. Mold, mold, go away...but don't take the rain with you!
my love for austin hasnt changed, i just miss ustreams every friday 300k mahomies it was just us and him no one else mattered
I am very confident And excited, I hope to get a portfolio out soon. #yeeeee I got
Thanx to everyone who came out to RebelFest2 lastnite!! Fuckin rad time!!! Next stop Indy fer Danny & Rachel's wedding!! Cheers
I think I be to early for job interviews
Time to crawl out from under my rock.
Clunky but did the job. Go forth and neologize some more.
thanks for following us!
RT BREAKING: The #Senate has passed the motion to allow debate to begin on #S1789. 74 yeas, 22 nos.
#SAChat What would you add to this list? RT : 50 Tips for College Students via
god jeneva. You're SO annoying! Why are you so loud and funny and awesome! Its SO annoying!
is it weird to make my profule pic me when it was winter coat time now that its summer
Liza's been watching that and I've caught a few shows. It is good and Maggie Smith's character is very entertaining.
Glad to see you made it! Where's ur pic?!
“ what you got in mind. We talked about a cake and card. But more can be awesome.” Slideshow?
After we kissed, I could only think about your lips.
Nielsen Finds U.S. Hispanics Tops In Mobile, Social Activity
such a great movie!!!
Your support is awesome, Erin. I really appreciate it! Let's get that drink soon :)
hey! we're new to this whole Twitter thing. You seem like you know what you're doing. Any suggestions on who we should follow?
Didn't know there was life this early. Wow, i really hate the morning.
Hi there! Great meeting you too. Have been slammed this past week, but will get back to you shortly.
the proof is in the pudding?
Is it weird that my favorite rapper is my own cousin ? lol. i think not... you got the glow son. lmao
I agree and stand with you !
I am honestly a lil scared to bring a child into this world.How can I instill my values when we living in a world like this?
#Mudcats? Scooter is a hairy beast like Skipper Bivins on #HillbillyHandfishin'.
Who has tried out the new #Tampico20oz? What do you think, awesome right! :)
Jk behind the bar right now and we have happy hour food that includes a $2.95 hamburger...get a burger and beer for under $3.50!!!
#SAG-AFTRA? Will it help 85% of members who cannot make a living as members of own union get work, tired of seeing same 15% on award shows.
I can never get anything done because I get so distracted!
I WOULD!
I can't wait until and start scoring again!
yeah im workin on the flyers and talkin to people right now :)
I'm in! Thanks!
Happy Birthday! Own that shit.
I like the way you think. ha.
Thanks Indy for voting us the Best Thai in Indianapolis in 's annual poll. We love you one and all.
Great time with at . Great event. Go if you have the chance.
Good leaders must first become good servants. ~Robert Greenleaf
Follow Friday #FF innovative SXSW contacts
You read my mind!
glad to be in the good news grp! we need more #nwindiana spreading good news!
Oh, very cool: curtain talker is welcoming visiting actors from the Belfrey Theatre.
We now offer affordable pet health insurance. Get your instant, no obligation quote now!
don't need to be in your state to give you great art...look at my stuff I'll hook you up www.leocortesstudios.com
i HATE being up this early
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
Check it out!! “: Kids eat FREE all day today with purchase of entree!! If you have a family dinner tonight try Brewstone!”
NOW SING DAT SONG.
Night tweeters. Love you all xoxoxo!
No. Did see everyone setting up, though (live close by the parade route).
Avoid damaging and eroding water stains. Great idea to wash & detail your car after the rain. Call for our rainy day specials (619) 928-4848
took a sleeping pill
my husband has 8 lbs of pork shoulder in the smoker - rarely seen him this happy
In "Where the Sidewalk Ends" (1950), D. Andrews and G. Tierney mix memory and desire in this back-street replay of their "Laura" love affair
RT : Dancing In Dark ....
Always. It is what it is what a tough draw to come back to for him. Ugh. One-match-at-a-time is the mantra.
hah yea it kind of does for me too
Going to the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra classical roots concert.this afternoon...SO Excited!! :-D
it really isn't for me but I'd drink it with you
“: Do ice cream men have territories like drug dealers?”
Home now!! BBQ was aweful!! Giant tree branch fell in Marks yard, then he found out 2 of his relatives are dead!! !WTF!! Bad luck!!
Due to the weather, tonight's President's Reception will be in the Lemon/Lime Rooms 5:30-7 p.m.
RT: “: Get #anewbeginning with and ! Sign up now!”
JANE BARTEL ROCKS at #Wits!!
Seriously... those w/o health insurance & have to rely on the county hospital for mental health needs suffer. Not enough docs to go around.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!:D
your tweets are protected
when people are bullying you the only way to get them to stop is if you start fighting back
Thank you Nicole :)
The 50+yo mom in front of me reading 50 Shades of Grey keeps whispering excerpts of the book in her husbands ear & giggling.
As a new academic librarian, finding the tips on communicating changes to faculty quite helpful!
Yeah, I think they are one of the few that can get away with that.
We are now opening up for the group to ask and any questions from our chat tonight.
Good morning #Albuquerque! We're knocking out a ton of production before our Taco Potluck. ;) (Don't worry, we don't eat around your gear!)
Feeling sick again :(
bummer. hope he is able to avoid trouble and get out sooner.
Jerome wins "audience choice" award at
Rangers with their worst playoff performance tonight. Another Game 7 at MSG
always drama on the one- I think of it as theatre in the round.
U look so pretty :]
So much for getting up early today...um whoops!
are you going to NM party on Thursday!
Aw Okay..I hope my mama dont be on no bs with me imma be soo madd
Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow morning.
Staff weary of user feedback? Abomination! No, really!
Tell me something you LOVE about yourself. Go!
Roll wit it
Glad to know that we're a topic of conversation!
Thanks for the follow!
WOW! On December 30th, I was named by the Daily Transcript among "San Diego's Top Influentials for 2011". Stay tuned for more in 2012...
Today is my 2-year Ph.D.iversary! After my dissertation defense I had a migraine and spent an hour disoriented in a P.F.Chang's bathroom.
Didn't know about you starting with ABC 13. Great broadcast Sunday night.
Waiting on the world to change...
: Yay! So glad you're enjoying the trip. But wait. What makes a brownie Mexican? Does it wear a sombrero?
Apparently it's German Day at Miller Park. Both Brewers (Bierbrauer) and Pirates (Piraten) have Deutscher uniforms.
: I'm in for a tweetup at
i wish :( nope has never done any of tht D:
you may also be interested in the 4pm "myth busting" session on how libs use data to challenge assumptions.
I felt left out of your guys conversation. :(
hey case sister I'm now following
But there are two of us. And we're quick-witted and will thus run circles around everyone else
Thanks, she's doing great. 5 months pregnant now and we're going on a short vacation next week while she is feeling good.
I love your tweets
wow how am i weird i was tryin to make conversation but wut ever idc ohh and il take that as a complement
Every tooth in a man's head is more valuable than a diamond. ~Miguel de Cervantes, Don Quixote, 1605
#LeBron has NOT earned the rep he has gotten in the last year - that's just a damn lie. the hate has been a virus
Chelsea and Paris St-Germain at Yankees Stadium in July
human body systems
Chrome was being a real jerk this morning, so I am relegated back down to Firefox.
#FOLLOW friends & 4 the latest from #IL08!
Listening to "I Will Always Love You," Whitney Houston. We will miss you, Whitney. :(
get me some skittles please!! :)
haha yeah when my family had a shit load if money and had that nice ass condo!!
could you please link the story?
RT : Thank you both for your leadership!! too!
2BR/1BA Duplex in Grant Park area. $800/mth $400 Sec Dep. Inbox me for more details (Please Re Tweet)
I need that instruction manual on how u twisted that man put another one on top..trill shit
Wake up to my father screaming at my cat to find my rabbit. What is my life?
I thought so. Soon, I may be the smartest man alive!
thanks a lot -_-
lmao "Prove you're #BGC " hahahahaha I don't think us three ever need to prove someone might get hurt
My twitter account was hacked! Just changed my password, and http to https on my account settings. Please let me know if it continues!
And no salad suggestions...That's too obvious and mainstream :|
Slick work on IMA's new site. Like the megamenus and stream. HTML looks clean under the hood. Nice job on the mobile site too.
congrats to all the #JMU kids that are graduating today! you are well prepared for the next chapter -- go forth and conquer the world!
going to downtown again so hello I missed my account so how's everyone?
My pleasure guys!
A Place To Bury Strangers live at the Mayan right now... A wall of sound envelops the crowd in a smoky haze.
Um wow. My NIT tweet was in the pipe. Holy mustache.
Super Mystery Jackpot song clue of the day :The title of this song would almost surely mean death to those involved. the pot is up to $60 :)
Happy birthday bro!! It's ur day, Live it up!!
dont blow my high
RT And Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!! I Will Always Support You Till The End!! #Belieber Forever xoxo #NeverSayNever 6
You are so welcome!! Thank you for your masterful insight!!
bRrrr freezing out this morning
why are they saying?
RT : Need one more follower to break through 5900<<you're welcome, now where's my targeted tax relief?
True that! Thank you for the RT!
I was happy a minute ago but now things changed back to being angry
how can people say justin is untalented? say that and you're automatically invalid and irrelevant.
We have officially reached the "I hate you, I want to die"phase with the child.... FANTASTIC I thought I had a couple more years, UGH!
Found a winner for the distinguished 1790 Depressing Life Award: Andrew Jackson, 6 Children, 1 Room, Poor, Sells Garden Seeds at Market.
Going to sleep! GoodNight and
Oxy baby! “: Why am I awake?”
I love you oh so so so much! Don't forget that. <3
Just came from a lunch briefing by Rep. #Capuano. He thinks "sequestration" is likely.
Tressel couldn't carry my jockstrap...
The more I'm finding out the more disgusted I get -.-
3) Practice, then reflect. Grade/eval more on reflection than practice. (Helps with group work anxiety.)
I hope Brendona wants to go? :(
do you know the rules about making the video?
buckles. Just fyi. Its now a fad here in the states. Thanks Wollowitz.
It's better to do it than talk about how perfect it could be.
#MyFavoriteTravisPorterSong Get naked :D
Prepping for #SXSW. Any "shouldn't miss" recommendations? I'm talking Interactive. Not music.
lol well then, how old are you?
Yeah! Can't wait to see you tonight, it's been too long!
You already know bro. All Mac Everything. That's like asking what shoes better jordans or lebrons. Apple!!! Bro
you need to follow my other page !
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 70
Come on, David.
Listen to the conversation,.. Learn who is saying what and where...Leverage conversation and foster.
3mlt add ;D
What the hell just happened? :(
RT - The Miami #Dolphins will NOT lose this week, I guarantee it!
Interesting quote from the new SI article on Kobe Bryant & his father Joe Bryant:
email me at jordynntaylor :)
Is it true your Hobbies often become your career?
Two new tracks to be released after this Fridays show. It's our last one for a very very long time.
Hopefully getting half of my sleeve done today.
girl Ikr! Mine felt good bc I had some like real nappy roots!
Lmao it sure does o_O RT : lol that soundz like a relationship to me there you go B
Great performance by NDI dancers this morning, commercial shoot going well...long day, but off to a good start!
Thank you for supporting BFB again. Our bowlers need to hydrate!
Happiness is spelling Happiness correctly!
Thanks for the RT and support :-)
danm.nigga what time? Call off
a full day of meetings for pending UWM web redesign....and I forgot coffee :(
I said some lol obvi I'm not talking bout my girls! But if u saw my feed it would be rediculous LOL
To blessed to be stressed
Sugar and salt would dissolve more easily in warm water.
Sitting behind the sun...watching the sunre's.....-con-
When soccer and music can't cheer you up <
#salute RT : So my web designers & Hit em up!
"You know, you say something after too many horns of mead...and then everything gets ugly." - Professor O'Brien
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
i love how corny can be. he makes me laugh all the time(: i wish he would notice me just once <33
Congratulations Regin W - you won a $100 GC to Lucky Strike Lanes - an email will be coming your way shortly.
- - so sad that #Survivor is over. :( Now we have to wait a few months for a new season.
: Sustainable Design & the Pickle Barrel Composter
Thanks! It's with in Phoenix in their Creative Services Deptartment. I am so excited!
Shout out to Follow him on twitter. check out his music & get yourself a couple of tickets for his performance comin up soon.
She wouldn't let me listen to rap music or watch violent/sex filled movies growing up. Now I'm wrapping and writing sex scenes lol
RT : Enjoy a fabulous cuisine that will make your taste buds asking for more at The Old House Restaurant. 505-995-4530
Giddy up
I get you :) I was just sayin a little about why I love her. I could go on forever! :)))))
HABITAT is hosting a High-Level Meeting on Sustainable Urbanization in Konya, at HQ today. Stay posted for updates
too much fun!
lol it was just lots of like 10' and 12's and shit I don't think we had any walk ins past 1 all ressays
I hate when that one person at work asks "what are you eating?" as if yogurt is some foreign food. Next time I'm going to answer "baby vomit
Check out American Businessperson is an educational talk show featuring guests nationwide and Promotes American Dreams.
Bothers me when I see kids that don't understand common courtesy act up uncorrected in front of their parents. You know where they get it
So cool to connect with you
Lol ikr!! How many you got?
it would mean the world to me if you would come to portland oregon!
Never Be Afraid To Be Yourself.....No Two People Are Exactly The Same, Not Even Twins. -Breeze DTA
Sounds quite promising!
I'm realizing recently how old fashioned I am. Don't feel comfortable with women regularly giving birth to litters.
ouch :S
RT People can only hurt the body and not the soul. The soul enters Heaven, not the body. Therefore, fear no man. Only God.
I am seriously starting to hate these people.
Thank you so much for blogging about my session!
IM RANKED NUMBER ONE IN THE LOCAL CHARTS. Thank YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!!
use ya brain mane!!
thx for following :)
My work has been nuts this morning with passive agressive-ness. In response, the K to the T throwdown has officially begun. Watch out! :-)
lol the hell? I've never even spoke to him and I reply to a tweet I saw of his once and he blocks me? Not cool!
Hi ! Is that DAM internship at ATK still available? Looks very interesting and involves two things I love; food and metadata.
don't worry I defended u the same.
No kidding! Luckily I am still a Detroit Lions fan. I am still in awe of Peyton.
Thank you!!!
Just watched Labrynth. Haven't seen that in a while
I ask that the presence of the Lord with His healing hand be with his father and family in Jesus' Name. Amen
Aw, mucho dislike. But yes, soon!
ha not in that way. Just a Lurker.
tell me you're seeing this and you're just as confused.
I need to watch jumping the broom again...... Because I don't get it.... I'm trying but its not coming fast enough...
Stress is the opposite of freedom
Tonight's #FamilyGuy warned that #millionaires may manipulate opinion. Say, didn't get a $100m contract a while back?
But im yet alive…so im thanking God for that <U+E41F>
good morning, Jon!
Omg why me...
I AM jealous. You know the dentist is my favorite.
Signing off of likemind for April - see you next month!
is that the same as Penn?
Car got stuck on mountain... Will have to go in2 work later. Nap now. Walk in dark and knee high snow by yourself is exhausting!
#1DFacts Liam once had to change his phone number, because it leaked on the internet.
why do #RedSox games take 4 hours??
andrew bynum had a -20 PER in the 2006 playoffs. that makes me want to cry tears of joy
fantastic show last night, and the Big Star show was one in a million! See you soon, and love from The Mels!
Can you please get in the Glutenator Beer? Its amazing!
By holding networks "at the wrong end" Gitelman looks to those who posted news/messages on telegraph poles, which we still do of course.
I type like SUCH a girl >__<
great round today! I know you got #three more in ya. Sleep by the light of #Sang-Moon tonight, #PlayLikeAChampion tmrw!
We've cast our vote in the Board elections - looking forward to some great new board members!
this is for me this is for you our fuerza our strength & our truth
#Graphics #Logos #Interiors #Layouts #Buildings #Psychology #Marketing ... we do it all.
Most innovators live in their won Reality Distortion Field. I think it's almost req'd. :)
Here we go!
debating it. I don't want to get my ticket until like a month or so from now. have EDC & camp bisco tix(bisc may conflct w. ME)
It's actually just sad to see Ali now. He was once such an electric performer and athlete...now has awful effects of Parkinson's.
Changed cable service.nobody thought to tell me the change would require a new cable box.No TV till one comes in the mail or I stand in line
everyone is awesome!!!
Pheadra is just what ATL needed!
I love hearing the birds chirp when it is still dark out!.Yes..I've been up all night & I just did the dumbest thing! I guess we do need z
Forgot to mention...nice banner guys ;) hah
Today's gonna be a good day since I get to see all my bet friends today ;)
ERica Newland, #CDT, 1st speaker at privacy panel--new challenges: drones, monitoring TV shows you watch from stray E-M radiations
Silk Pure Almond Dark Chocolate is so good! Reminds me of Yoohoo! But healthy.
Inspired by for a brief moment...
Daddy I miss u already I Love U wit mind body and soul c u wen u get bacc RIP OHead NEVER FORGOTTEN
just wanted to say my mom LOVES you guys. All day she sings All The Way or Do It To Me
it all how u look at urself u are responsible for ur own happiness
My colleague and I have had problems with the site for a week now. Just wanted to make someone aware.
you wanna come..?
We are really surprised that you're not running between downtown and Key Biscayne for the finals today.
#NowPlaying. Mariah Carey. Honey.
I wish this for my kids but them being so young and being into girls and junk...how do us as a parent motivate them to move higher?
You think anyone could give me shoutouts?? i'm trying for 1000 followers by may 31st <3 Thanks
“: Every Friday is a Good Friday for Pizza Night in America. What's on your pie tonight?” Tons of hair!!!!
Any word on AJ Burnett
Were Can I Listen To Some Of Ya Work!
#Grizzlies Z-Bo shoving Blake Griffin for the technical...better cool it
Thank you mama :)
For those attending the NACUA Workshop this Friday, don't forget to sign up on-site for small group dinners to meet your colleagues!
EYE DE KAY BUT NOW IM ALL SAD AND SHTUFF CUZ WEE WUZ JUS TALKIN ABOUT IT :(
it might not be enough room
#Starsailor popped up on shuffle mode. Man I wish I could see them live!
Best part of my day, getting home and watching my lil one sleep ;)
will you be submitting it? www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
Not good when your backup drive starts to look like a black hole. bit.ly/q34IgU
Team LitFuse is working on some fun animations for the Canadians! We are going to be celebrating Canada Day!
That's called a busy spring! I won't be at (school event) but I will be - See you there!
#caps are being outplayed. C'mon guys...let's go!
Tim & eric Awesome Show is stupid funny...but mostly stupid .
Last night at the dinner table I explained James II's "warming pan baby" to my Mom. Just call it the original "Birther" controversy.
Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless! Damn straight :)
Correction Amy Sedaris ( how the F did that get spelled wrong) is afraid of librarians? Why Amy why?
Been past that water tower MANY MANY times.... :)
Need to upgrade your technology? Come to SECCA's opening Nov. 3 from 7-10pm to enter a free drawing for an iPad. Kudos to ComputerTree.
I've had three dreams this weekend: 1) on the run from police for months 2) mysteriously gone missing for two years 3) traveled back in time
Happy Turkey day.
i'm still tired.
I love social media!!! It is a bridge, connecting people all over the world! Don't underestimate it's power for good!!!
in La Paz at #EDF sponsored "bootcamp" on #fisheries #catchshares in Baja & Gulf of California Mexico, using markets for
Movie being shot in Detroit right now starring Laurence Fishburne....on my way 2 work....
Guys...Ryan is lacing up Marissa's Cotillion Dress...there's so much faux-sexual tension I can't handle it.
Team Jacob or Team Edward??
oh well theres a Mexican bring it on one haba
I just heard that the State's sweeping budget reform has been passed in Lansing.
New Poster out for Alexis Bittar Jewelry Designs. The photo is of a lovely Joan Collins wearing LaCrasia Gloves with their fabulous designs
Love how all you national debt critics had no problem borrowing a trillion dollars for a needless war but think building roads will ruin us.
- looking forward to hearing about it! Enjoy Athens!
Dick Clark's legacy will be around forever. He took tv hosting to the next level
That's a good start to a home library.
RT : *For Adults Only* got your tickets to the "Exxotica Expo" at Miami Beach Convention Center May 18-20th
I'm not running for office, Ted, nor do I proclaim objectivity.
It's hot out on location! Cool off at #BlueRock's #studio. ONLY $950/ 10hrs - ALL SUMMER!!!
you say cool a lot
ah, yeah. i missed that. i think i was showing a guest out while he was doing sports. but as you're listening keep giving feedback!
Who am I to judge the Caps. I haven't showered and just ordered a sub from a place I can see from my window.
#dontactlikeyounever got hung up on & didnt notice but when u did u was looking dumb founded
love that song RT “: #NOWPLAYING and Can't Stop Me on the #FridayNiteMixTape with and ”
RT “: Just made my first #slapbet with Is he scared? I think so.”// HEY! I'm not scared...Okay maybe a little!
Delicious foods that could be prepared quickly or with minimal prep work that also are healthful. Would be a weeknight lifesaver!
Overheard at #SXSW RT: Openness, lack of ego and passion required to collaborate. Ego with a title is destructive.
It's the green chile that makes it so good! RT : Why are green chile cheeseburgers so good?
I would not last three minutes driving in Nyc <U+E153><U+E038><U+E037><U+E15A><U+E15A><U+E15A><U+E11C>
Sign ups for fed hill and hampden end on 7/7 (baltimorebocce.com)
I was in orlando 10 years ago when I first met bryn
ill follow them if you follow and they make amazing music too <3 <21 :)
Come 2 surrendervegas only nightclub where it goes down! Only@ surrendervegas
Give me something for my soul. Write, man. WRITE!
#FOOL ME ONCE SHAME ON U #FOOL ME TWICE SHAME ON ME
If I ever even intimated that media management wasn't really hard, consider my words eaten.
hey send da pass in my dm
We've let the Marriott know some people experienced slow wifi at #eduiconf yesterday. Wish I could do more.
Twitter Admits ‘Unfollow Bug’ Exists [VIDEO]
#waroftheroses always makes my thursday mornings entertaining and...uncomfortable <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>LOVE IT!!
#kids Frog Prince at The Art Centre Theatre, Fri, May 11 5:00p: Come be a part of the audience for this wonderful production. Join us on...
Thanks for the awesome post about the yearbook :)
yeah when are you going there?
you know it man :) I'm so pumped man.
Reading #7Habits again 15 years later. Didn't realize then the difference between effective and productive or the real meaning of proactive.
I've managed to mess up everything I touched today...this tweet took 9 attempts. Maybe a nap will cure this.
DIVORCE, BANRUPTCY, EVICTION, Marriages Wills, Visitation Name Change Child Support CALL US NOW (727) 474 9988
The wise don't expect to find life worth living;they make it that way
And apps. There's just way too many to choose from with Android ;)
Why does everyone think that marq was robbed? Pac was the aggressive fighter!
Lol. Sorry buddy. Not on twitter all a lot in the afternoon
This morbidly obese guy on the street has a "fallen on hard times" sign. Poor hard times, amiright?
Heard "Hey, Soul Sister while walking through my apartment lobby. This evening has begun ominously.
IDk, People Are Like That, Lol
Good morning everyone! Any spring high school coaches looking for a highly profitable fundraiser for their team??
I'm liking the idea of installing a #franzia box wine unit into my desk a work
I'm flattered. Love your book.
And Mary Mary Mary Magadalena - our lust for men, lots of them, is one of the things I can relate to, my sweet Mary (cast the lust demons)
I'm trying to get up with Sam now but he ain't hit me back yet
GIRL RESPECT is trendin' now, we did our job well ;)
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a case of Franks Red Hot.
My run today was the same exact pace as my run from a week ago - 8' 38"/mile. Amazing consistency!
Completely agree about 3D. Hoping this awful trend ends soon.
Phone call leads convert more with higher LTV - Brian Lewis
who is he
Rough day at the office?
“: No Fernando you can't come back 0-1” ;-)
LyondellBasell to Address Wells Fargo Industrial and Construction Conference
Team GREEN
Happy Friday everyone! Kick start your weekend with #KnowHowToDance from available on iTunes! #Pink&Purple
#GOODNIGHT or should I say
RIP Dick Clark
I often do things and think, That's So Raven.
Blasting Paris Hilton & working out. Done with school, forever.
That's what's up! Thanks for the support, more dope shit coming this year!
I'm having CHRISTMAS FEELINGS.
Thanks for the follow! How's the magic life treating you in the UK?
Airing unchecked sources is the Pgh local news equivalent of leaving the toilet seat up.
Hooray you!!!
You'll never do it, it's not humanly possible.
ahaha i love math
Ok it pisses me of, 1D is touring with BTR, it's BTR tour & if you don't like that they are touring with each other don't get mad at(c.)
I could wear a baseball cap every single day..
Chicago aint much better than Detroit..... Its worse in a way, more people = mo ignant ass niggas/bitches , stuck up crackers and so on
They couldn't even be original???? RT my name is on the flyer along with "the old partners" smh.
Plus I like to highlight everything & I wonder if I'll absorb things as well by reading them online.
love your show!
I'm so happy for/proud of you! Yay!
Who wants to come over and swim with me and
Dave Anderson is in Haiti shooting video for Heifer International. Follow Dave for instag.ram updates.
Maybe it's not always about trying to fix something broken. Maybe It's about starting over and creating something better
and have to get married soon! <3 Such a cute couple! (:
Great use of , dude.
Candidates, you are on the world stage this is embarrassing, sorry America. www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Getting started on our tour of Canada. First stop, Festival Couleurs du Monde in Quebec! Stay tuned for updates...
SEMA Convention is in Vegas this week, and man is this town buzzin! Stop by my restaurant just down the street: www.SATAYlasvegas.com
Just sent the links direct to you from youtube
Someone text me on this long early bus ride to Paris Texas.
I'm so pissed I want to spit! Finally watching Life Aquatic.
CHECK!! LOL! --> ": Any girl you can make pornos with... Go head and keep her"
no i just got finished talking to her and she want to talk to me tonight on oovoo.she a really cool person.:)
Will you be hiring summer interns? I am graduating in June and would love to work with you!
Getting my hair done!
Don't group tweet me till you have a plan
Also unknown? The number of Claeys peppermint candies mine mouth hath consumed in one sitting.
To answer ur ?, they made the expensive, pointless Ipad to test average consumer stupidity. So far, the statistic is: pretty stupid.
dude. lunchables? come on man.
Huzzah! Great news...MT : has filed cloture on the China currency bill, per
YES!! I already told Kari I'm in for sure. Done and done. You know I love me some 80s bands. :)
Learned tonight that one of my managers likes to call me the "fucking stupid bitch" in semi-private (meaning away from me but before others)
I'm in the mood for some ice cream...I see Ben & Jerry's is now making flavors like me, Alec Baldwin, Pauly Shore...Schweddy Balls flavor.
I'll take 8IP/2H/1BB/7SO/0ERA for the first start. Just shaking the rust off right ?
SO HAPPY GOT AN A ON MY ESSAY! Raining A's today!
Sunday morning Mass at Notre Dame - then a walk au Champs Elysees. Lovely in Paris today!
#Mariners' bats are back to their normal vanilla ways
it sucks that the #indians lost....but on the bright side....the game was only 2 1/2 hours....
*cough* corolla *cough*
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAVE FUN AND GO AND MAKE AUSTIN WISH U.
has a waiting list? I feel so left out.
<U+2660>RT : I want my own army... Wait we got that. & all of us got stripes + purple hearts. No war wounds. #FTL$O
Gonna have to start getting my musical theatre back on.
Bama cheerleaders are huge
Rabbits don't lay eggs.
:Hello!Take Care Everyday :)
Come out to Seaside this weekend and stop in Crush for an amazing time and great food!
Job Hunt...Its going to be an interesting ride!
Your New Album is Amazing :P
I had that beer! It was delicious :)
So I dodged the 7:15am meeting tomorrow. At least until next week.
I got EVERYBODY I was cool with back then on Thursday TBT LMFAOO!
i like the Packers, just dont think commercial is funny. Should have ended on a high note. Cant manufacture humor.
I probably won't live past 30, I do to many drugs.
Just ordered a filet of what looked like fish (in the pic) at Kentucky Fried CHICKEN but lo and behold it was.. Chicken!
Omg, I'ma fucking pop one of these egyptian bitches if they keep screaming to eachother like they not standing 2ft away!!!!
Prepping for 's #Energy Performance Seminar today. Can’t wait to hear from Mark Jewell, Pres. of Energy Efficiency Funding Group Inc!
your very welcome thank you for following me
Adopting a donkey...
RT OK...now that I got SWV's new album, I need En Vogue to put one out!
Thanks for the profile, Joanna! Much appreciated :)
how's the big ol' MN doing. Looking forward to seeing you hopefully end of May
"In all these things we are more than conquerors through Him who loves us." Romans 8:37
whos gonna see #MissionImpossibleGhostProtocol? i know i am! RT!
no tv, use my MAC and Eyetv.
Pay attention to the time. Don't set goals that are unbelievable- it takes time to lose 10-30 pounds, give yourself enough of it.
WHUT in DC has insightful program on #Haiti earthquake relief funds.
Pleasure meeting you Monday night in Memphis! Had a lot of fun. Enjoyed the showcase and meeting new people! see you on the tour
The Miami Heat face Dwight Howard and the Orlando Magic. Miami is a 4.5 point road favorite. Miami will face the Bulls tomorrow.
okay, that made sense. this is making sense now! so sorry for the steady tweeting about the x files.
good way of putting it. Are guys really personified by that European slacker dude/idiot?
omg 4 months I'm EXCITED :)) can't wait!!
. 'I told you so' is not helpful in any way. need to pitch in if they want Wi back + we need the help.
Oh I have and they are great. Take them to Europe. But not in my budget for regular trips. Plus SW gives me drink coupons :)
My pain, I'm so tired of this pain! Idk what to do!
when is MB commeng back to NYC? I know you know
please allow us to direct message you our corporate headquarters information to resolve this asap.
way 2 go
ole quiet ass!
Hoping everyone had a kinky weekend!!
because it was with me!
What do you say Luuuuuc!?!?
shout out to go follow her !! :)
honestly there is no way i can thank you enough for the past year
that's good
one more thing stop acting like your tight with people in the NFL and other leagues, cuz I here players DONT like u!hater
The mesmerizing moon surreptitiously soothes my soul with seductive soliloquies...
met today. girl's got it together.
Eh, you know better than to worry about that! Do what you want.
we want to see u smile to u r new York fans smile and follow
come with me next time. I go every Wednesday at 7:30
We just found pictures from 2009 of the writing & recording of our first EP "Alive & Well" for a good laugh- www.facebook.com/colourstheband
“: Forget fantasy football. I want to see Matty stafford on his back crying in this game” that's y I benches him and put in
Day one a success
I love this review, and am sitting here laughing out loud to no one but my dog. "Ladies, when was the last time...". Nicely done!
club melt is free
you are in my prayers bro. Hope everything works out. It will trust him.
need to get one of those Egyptian throne chairs so you can sit and recite lines from ten commandments..hehe
Bail set at $350K each, for owners of pit bulls who attacked and mauled Paradise Hills woman.
If you did Extra in that outfit every night ratings might go up - good weather for a bikini today in New York was a bonus
Tks 4 the RTs fabulous , righteous (swoon) and my #weloveLA (especially from a #schoolgarden) friend
#Oscars are definitely no super bowl
What can i get my 16 yr old bf for Christmas!!? Something less than $20!
Honey Cocaine > Nicki Minaj, at the moment.
Work. Classes. Workout. Sleep. REPEAT...
all it takes is hard work and consistency! you'll get there :-) how far are you swimming in each workout now?
you better (;
Looking for anything in particular? We've probably got stuff you can use (if you haven't already).
Thanks! We do, too!
I know I've tweeted this before and if I haven't I should have. Nneena Freelon's take of "The Island" is this unbelievably sassy track.
I love the warm air blowing through the windows! Ah, winter in LA :-)
Thats not okay.
We Are Georgetown T-shirt: obviously office appropriate. Hoping to get out of here in time to watch the second half. HOYA SAXA!!!
Going to buy my Halloween horror night tickets!!!!
Ordered a beer with lunch to celebrate spring, freedom, home office, and New Glarus brewing.
thanks to everyone who came out to IGNITION last night...what another crazy night! Can't wait to start spinning at the BRINK next...
Friend of 3Bet John 'The Razor' Phan is running good in his 'No Coolers' shirt today. 80k in chips and counting
RT : hey! will u please give me a shout out??;)
so back up off of me, you're weirrrding me out.
Omg I'm starving :(
are you still in cincinnati? why have you been missing?
. + + = The Tres Amigos of my Twitter stream.
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude. - Dale Carnegie
yeah they are! :-)
RT : Just got ebook for #SAP #HANA Essentials #ebook from Looks AWESOME. To tomorrow > Thx for mention!
Oh My God....Becky look at her butt...Tunchey!!!
Finished moving to my new cubicle today. Phone will move sometime in the next 3 weeks
cute - but someone needs a haircut? ;) (liking the scruff, though!) ;)
sounds like the next one will be a little bigger
KAELA channels Kate Moss in her latest shoot with MAGGIE WEST
Lol girl i wanted so bad plus No pain No gain that jawn aint hurt l
This Day in Blues History: Blues artist W.C. Handy was born William Christopher Handy November 16, 1873, in Muscle Shoals, Alabama.
where ya been slut
I PASSED!! THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT
#Lions pick suh
miss my #1 lady
cool what kind of phone is it? Im at the movies seeing the hunger games! :)
Have you guys seen #Google today? They are doing a great tribute to Gideon Sundback!
Thank you, Mr. President!
Monica, are you still located down here in FL? I'm a free agent so-to-speak also. It's still a great accomplishment by you.
Schools need to stop that retirement myth crap they've been spouting for 15+ years.
#fridayreads finished Everglades by White & started Blackwork by Ferris (catching up on my series reading)
If your a true mahomie you'd RT this and not keep scrolling down;)
Monday Special @ Tea Pot Lounge Buy one cookie get one free.
haha its lil so dogs n stuff could eat himm but whenever were not doin anything lol
you don't "get" to do comedy. It's a mad skill!
Thanks for the follow back lovely woman.
On the 7th day of Xmas, my true love gave to me more hours.
- When has Shane ever been stopped?
Ozzie totally could've used the excuse that he really said "I loathe Fidel Castro."
Teaching Power Blackboarding today at 1pm CT 106 at Bb can be awesome if you know the right tricks.
Last two tweets should refer to 75 not 275
Thx for the follow, will pass your site onto the script writers I work with, they have interest from IFC, need to find them an agent asap.
Someone needs to teach the refs how to turn their mics off : )
Proud of you Z.... That's what's upp
It's official. Football SUCKS without the Packers
yea no problem.. and aww...well now im wishin that you followed me earlier when you werent bout ta pass out ;p
Unacceptable Behaviors: making or using derogatory comments, epithets, slurs and jokes
You'll lose a lot of money chasing hoes, but you will never lose hoes chasing money!
guaranteed most of my colleagues don't know what a Boolean search is. . .
#middleschoolmemories....Happy crack was the COOLEST :-) :-) :-)
oh your cute.... i should call my bf a fagg too huh? -___-
oh trust me thats who im talking about
that was good!
You and me both, sister.
True High Fidelity fanatic RT : I copied all my favorite quotes into a Word doc.
Our pleasure, and thank you again for joining & Klaus Lang in helping to make the event so memorable!
Oh, and now there's a weapon out.
I know it's gonna be cartoon gold just like every episode of #regularshow !!!
I used tire tracks to replace two tires so I could make the trip home 4 Xmas, I was in & out under 30mins and for only $80! :) nice!
My migraine-esque night was apparently caused by food poisoning. Has this happened to anyone else?
Woman, don't you eat when I order you not to. You disappoint me.
thank you sweetheart
Thanks so much for making us part of your #bestdayever!
cutting more off hate when my hair is short and it grows out too long
Thanks for the retweet :D Hope you are doing well and reading comics, we are picking up new ones today.
Yep, you're definitely a nerd :-p
Angry guy tried asking old lady w/ walker to move on escalator so he could pass her. I said don't be an asshole dude. People down here, man
And the gloves come off! That's our Simon. Let the games begin on
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i hope you see this, i love you<33333333
Ya i know Ricky.. and add me on facebook we can talk more about bringing you aboard the promoting team for Xclusive Records
It helps in games where breaking down opponents defense is tough. If the regular isnt working, switching it up will give us an edge
Oh my Gosh . Girl you better win ! (: and Make sure i can be one of the three b/c i will drive to What ever state b/c......
That depressing moment when you shout out the wrong answer in class with CONFIDENCE
Arlington has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists! Be sure to support your local artists!
Panthers gonna take care of business up in Detroit. Win our first ever bowl,
Wow December 1 already. Where did this whole last year go?
Gonna be such a long week
Excited for and Cut the Rope. Love that game!
Rams baby! Also flipping to College Games!
I hate moving it's the worst!
Hahahahahahaha I'm going to kick him in the face!!!!!!
text me
yeah. I haven't played in a week. It's ridiculous
aw sorry honey. But it will be so wonderful to have you back home-I'll make cookies! xx
To the driver that nearly ran me down in the xwalk w/ walk sign: "bless your heart." Driving is hard work.
great idea!
Watching Flyers game, just learned Philly fans booed Santa Claus?? WHAT? When did this happen?
“:Vanderbilt's Carey Speaks misses a 27-yard field goal. Arkansas will survive. Again.” It is a win but I'm not proud of it.
When I searched for articles for my annotated bibliography on digital libraries I found an article written by my thesis adviser
Hey you're paying for it,let him get his skinny butt back to your house with that extra piece! Ok calm down breathe in out SIGH
I've had Jameson antithesis a pickle back! Let's go it's Friday cheers!
Thanks man much appreciated. I always enjoy the mEEt ups.
Started 10 for 10 in my Bracket before that Georgetown debacle. Had the Hoyas all the way to the Elite 8. So depressing
you cought my eye is that a good/bad thing o.O?
I am missing you so much! I hope Vancouver is fantastic! Love you!
Anyone? RT : I've always wondered if there's a place where 'American' is considered a sexy foreign accent
Extremely bored today
Aww snap they singing my song.
hELL NAW... i JUST BE SLEEP
' put some on risers and slap some wheels on it, pretty sweet idea
omg. yalls tweets just made me cry.
i think its so cute when a guy just holds your butt perfectly when he's sleeping.
honestly ur not the best lookin and ik I'm not eather but I'm just tellin u what I think sorry if I sound like a jerk I'm just
I love CHICKEN :D
Bradley? But you're an ISU alum like myself and should never thank Bradley for anything.
- "The job of a leader is to rally people to a better future." Marcus Buckingham, author
Police are mum on the details but we are digging
Such a big fan of Apple Jacks. Always have been.
Any rumors out there that Boras pulled a Gillooly on Victor Martinez? I'm just saying, that injury certainly helped Price
that's my plan
A healthy Kobe gives the Lakers a punchers chance to win a title. A motivated and consistent Bynum increases that chance.
Find someone to help and they will notice you, no matter how famous they are
It's too many people to name but we'll keep going
...but QR codes INSIDE the book are more successful...17K scans for The Timeless Swing.
what happened?
Meh, i really wish i was at the Avengers premiere tonight. Lucky people you~ At least im going to see the Raven tomorrow night.
Thursday my geology teacher is going to show us the "truth" of how our earth is millions and millions of years old...interesting.
Best of luck in the "large school" state tourney RT : Prep football: Waunakee tops among large schools in AP preseason poll
I think academic librarians speak in a different language. A language I do not know.
FU*K YOU!
call me when you wake child!
Ray Ban Replica SunglassesNew Wayfarer Ray Ban Replica - sunglasses case
Bye Denver! Miss you already!
lol! “: because we both rock/ and do the fandango!!!”
Twitter is so amazing; seeing ppl i follow mentioning pbl led me to find out more about it + do this.
Beerbelts and Moonshine RT Well it looks like I'm going to the Spring game tomorrow with
Haha :P Ninjaness? :P Hehe =) Okay, I Will Try Not To Leave Again :P =) I Missed You Too :)
Key to success is optimism in difficult times, remember that what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger!!!
god looks on playing chasing the sun!!! loveloveloveeee
I love that picture :') !
ohh, well. Won't he bring yoou? Lol nd did you ask if I could ride da bus home wiff you tomorrooww? :p
has changed my life. Thank you for introducing me.
Join us 11-17 for an evening of art and health info! "Art of Living: One Breath @ a Time" COPD, - Asthma, free scrngs. Art!
what's scary about the neighborhood is that I didn't even think to ask?...lol!!
bout to smash then go to the strip club *takes double shot 1800 and lime* fist pumps
thank you very much!
A Billion Hits - Lyric Music Video - Austin & Ally - Disney Channel Official
Happy Mother's Day, to all the professors who grade with little ones on their lap. You know who you are.
Wish we were in New York!
haha I saw that and cringed as he approached it.
Joggin Heavy soakin up a tan for awhile and then it ends up stormin after .
Wanted to say merry christmas to you that's all
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 16
Good way to spend a Monday night!
Thanks Dana! Hope you're well! :)
welcome Mr. Conaway. they are cheaper too. My trout reel was only 20 bucks.
Presents The Future of Law Part II - February 9, 2011. Registration opens shortly #LPO Global
ahh you did? Not yet but I will right now!
For those of you not aware: I don't sleep. Like ever. I average 3 to 4 hours a night of restless,fitfull dozing. I'm also hyperactive.
Congrats , heading to the !
“: I fucking love Eazy E” --- said everybody!!
When I say Merry Christmas, I'm not assuming anyone's a Christian. I'm not even a Christian. Far from religious right.
Original Scared Straight program saw higher recidivism. Why does A&E think it is a good idea now? Harming kids for ratings?
do u like chicago?
Hi! You sing, report & cover Boston. Are you just the right person to cover our collaborative #JapanBenefitConcert tomorrow? :)
#iUsedToLikeYouBut you still think showing your kacche ka brand is cool. Please!!
then he give his number to the student body???
Awww my French teacher is so nice. She gave us cookies <U+E022>
Really? No timeout there?
Benefit to pay burial expenses for Marble Rock woman is Saturday
Ever have a 'meh' kinda day? I want to be more passionate and motivated, but feel like I'm forcing it. Must remember to wait upon the Lord!
Coconut Grove!Here's your chance for some #coolhaus ! Stop by coconut grove bank (2701 bay shore drive): #Foodtrucks for lunch til 2pm
(2) I could lose $2 billion for half that compensation package.
#IThankGod for another Life that he gave to me.
#VIKINGS! Let's get an insane W tonight!
glad you enjoyed it!
If you wanna lie,lie properly please. I'm not stupid.
It's been a pretty good day...that's all I got but I figure it's worth a mention! :-)
Another tip - celebrate your milestones on #facebook. Fans love it!
Just finished watching Dexter on Showtime. What a great episode!
Yeah Chicagos O- Line kind of stunk. They had 7 sacks in the first half
well they said they were going to have something special for us. So maybe it's not a concert maybe it's a meet and greet
1955: The Yankees trounce Washington, 19-1, at Yankee Stadium in the most lopsided Opening Day victory in history.
- nodding to Sawandi's Spring mix... Nice
Chris Davis- touching 90 mph.
Happy Mom's Day to my mother Kathy! Love ya mom! Thank you, just thank you!
Have you checked out the game for autism? Check it out at www.D3xsoft.com let us know what you think!
thanks! I'll be uploading the slides later this week.
beautiful day for outdoor fucking
You could head up the new Beer Department.
Here in class day dreaming on what life will be like after all of this is done.. BIG DREAMS!!!
TGIF tonight playhouse with the crew:-)
Who organizes the organizers?
Hi, thanks as always for your never ending support!
I need a sugar daddy
mos wanted crew. (:
ugh. I hate her. I have a B- in her class too. SHAAATT :( maybe someone will be nice & bring us chipotle? ;)
People who have the luxury of not needing 40+ hr/wk job, should probably ease up on those that don't have that luxury.
Im too old i think RT : I'm going to a casting call the 14th! Haha I don't think they're ready for me
strangers woooowzers what happened to u. We don't even here from ya.ur pose to be our PR n huh
From L.A.! Before we lived in NYC. Now we live in beverly hills. I miss NYC & ma friends. :'(
Casino Night Tips -Serve your drinks in appropriate glasses that match the drink contents For example, use martini glasses to serve martinis
Now my legs hurt like a bitch...-_-
character limits, oops
RT this if you're going local for
Blessed this wknd w/my Siesta's Touched by the Father, afresh, thru teaching ~ worship. xxoo
There's no point in having this iPhone. (My older one). But I'm not allowed to sell it. Okay.
ALL I WANTED WAS A NAP AND YOU HAD TO RUIN THAT <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Rumor has it. Ba-da-ba. Rumor has it. Ritz ridiculousness.
Fire in the disco...Fire in the Taco Bell...Fire in the disco...Fire in the gates of hell
Baby girl is sleepin, just had some food, and now I'm about to get in the shower and go to bed with my bebeh. (:
Thanks for the RT, Andrea (and I added the sharing links)
“: So aware of the behind the scenes "reality" of reality shows it makes it difficult for me to watch TV" do tell?!?!
"I'd listened 2 Laura Bell Bundy & was looking 4 feel-good music. The tracks make u smile & toe tap." -M. Darlinson°(4 star I-Tunes review)
Congrats first of many wins to come! :)
#SundaysontheGreen was great as always! Can't wait for the next one. We're out of here. Check us out tomorrow at Hollywood
Just Googled myself. It's interesting that my LinkedIn+portfolio site come up earlier in search than my Twitter, even tho I post there less
Looking forward to hearing the awesome Golden Week speeches starting tomorrow :) 2 minutes :) Be ready :)
Looks like the sun is peeking out. Come say hi! Ne 42nd st and killingsworth.
By learning you will teach; by teaching you will understand. Latin Proverb
good morning
What are you kid-friendly plans while in Pittsburgh?
Hi Did u know we are offering an anti-Valentine's special on 2/14? Single ladies receive a free 'Bleeding Heart' cocktail!
Game time. As long as Zito does not double his era, #sfgiants should win this game.
Sang at the #Bluebird Cafe tonight!! Veryy fun:))
What goes well with Public Online Information Act? CITABILITY! It is like chocolate and peanut butter!
Me too! :) RT : Every time puts little Z to bed, I miss her tiny smile. Her personality is really starting to show.
Truth is we wouldnt know where 2 start off 2 dance like a stripper. Lolz!
I love you.
LOVE IT!!! Using it 2+ times a day and i am pretty much having a love affair with it.
No. She thinks that person doesn't work for the Packers anymore, I haven't looked. Not all GBP empl. paid well.
Thank you guys so much for saying this :] It means alot! It really does. Neon Trees are amazing!!
Hm, so what is the best physical activity tracking device currently on the market? Fitbit? Jawbone Up? Nike Fuel? Something else?
“: I always tell myself I am going to do my homework on the bus, but it never happens... #BasketballProblems”
Congratulations everyone! While we're getting rid of legislative evils starting with a "D," how about nixing DOMA and the DMCA?
oh! why do i love yogurt so much?
Why does Brad Pitt look like Ashton Kutcher tonight, and how in the hell does Ashton Kutcher look like Brad Pitt??
Thanks for the follow -- great platform.
got kicked out of smashed in. midwest blood
-__- bad day today...
"You can conquer almost any fear if you will make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind."...
Very funny. Twitter brings the whole world together! :)
It's your Wicked Uncle Ernie he's glad you can't see or hear me
I'm up
CNN: Ray J found Whitney dead. 5 minutes later... CNN: Ray J wasn't even at the hotel where she died.
Let truth and love reign supreme in 2012
Gettin my autographed picture from tonight...gonna look good in my dorm!
Reminds me of a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode. Fortunately for you, not exactly the same thing.
Red bull mx des nations needs to get their act together. 2 hours waiting to get in so far!
Yes. I was born in 1961. I'm 50. My partner Robert is 55.
Great game! Not sure I've seen the Longest Route bonus decide the game before.
Howdy ! (<3 Requests), my issue is none of my requests have content attributes after async.get on each then async.map, ideas?
One week until election day! If you want to do some phone banking for your favorite Senator send us an email!
Never lie to someone who has always been true to you.
A little warmer today with a high of 56°F. Do you like riding in mud? Our mountain #bikes sure do! Rode on!
#Ugh! Really want this cold to go away. It sucks that me and my baby girl are both sick. Back to the boyfriend's tomorrow. Miss him. (:
You should be! Not gonna lie LOL
Medicine Discounts - Save up to 33% - Kerr Drug - SYNTHROID -
Last paper of the semester? Submitted. #Done! Time to do laundry...
You do not have to call people slaves to own them. Americans are slaves to a system they do not want, forced to serve corporate masters.
Me and moving all these beavy things<<<
Prof. Rockwell noticed your excellent tweets from the NASA hearing. Good job!
:D I love that song
This week I'm still reading North and South by Elizabeth Gaskell, and I'm starting The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins =)!
Thanks for the follow guys :)
Team Stab Plus is our top fundraising Team so far having already raised $5,985. Thank you to all of our participants for their help!!!
-_________- <---my face right now
<----- gurrrrllll my ass is now gonna go to sleep! my weekend starts now! #NonNormalPeopleJobs LOL
Scan not a friend with a microscopic glass
Trying not to panic - I can't find my Aussie power adaptor and I need it for my hair straightener... crap
yes, then you knew who to trust!
You sent me into a major flashback complete w Mom's voice "Just wait 'til your Father gets home." lol
is someone live blogging the Edgars? Who and where?
5 am is never a good time.
Itchy eyes, bare legs, can't lose.
Daily GTKY question: For cinema and/or literary entertainment, do you prefer…horror or romance?
Thanks Liz! Have a great weekend!
I know
8months clean, she changed his life...Tomorrow (7:30am) he'll propose to her live on Spezzano and Sandy! We'll help him make this BIG
im having people withdrawls
good for you jim tressel, hope you do well with the colts! go bucks! we all miss u sir
We look forward to seeing you there!
I'm sick :( ugh...not good when mom's sick!!
i have a family in my head.. ur the father and we have two kids, alexis and jonah. they are twins
2012 is going to change your life.
FRIDAY NIGHT FIESTA CHECK-INS! Work week is over, and tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo! What are you up to tonight?! Let everyone know here....
The NFL's Miami Dolphins are delivering a free daily mobile video experience to engage the team's community of "Finatics.
yes def thanks!
Cause that's what you are.... Of you know what that means
I have 3 FREE tickets to the NM Bowl! Any takers??
I got u I do musik myself ill hit that up thoe
Teaching a coaches clinic today! This is one of my favorite seminars to teach - helping coaches be better instructors and mentors!
i love so much. she is the best and i cany wait to see you.
Hello! Heck ya - anytime. Had a great time hanging out - lunch/photo sesh soon.
Thanks Cindy, that means a lot. Looking forward to your workshop next month and congrats on your Bootleg gig!
where u headed too
The 1st step in conquering the dreaded QLC is def admitting it which includes self reflection & taking control of ur own happiness!
can you please do your fashion question thing on your website again!, it was so god :) xoxo
I'm not beautiful and i'm not a "Cover Girl " either
O lalala!!! LADIES it's our Night!!!! Meet me at 7pm out at the TIKI BAR!!!! Drink Specials!!!!
paella bar! Enjoying wine and tapas! Definitely a place to enjoy good Spanish food.
“: When someone says to me "I hate you." I automatically respond "I love you too." .”
The awkward moment when you shout out a wrong answer confidently in class!
Check out my blog! I would love a guest blogger!
- *most* people, but not all :)
Only look out for me and my team.
I'm wondering. They aren't legally responsible 4 him or his bail. #Trayvon was a dependent minor child tho.
speechless...love ya bro
Mine too ;) well, sort of, I like to play too!
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x7
Hey there, always great to meet a fellow PNW writer!
Late Nite Sex Nite Lets Get it
Explaining to the cultural significance of Mars' unified Almond Joy/Mounds advertising campaign. It involves singing.
I agree totally on KJ & the city's side on this. They should build a PNC sized ballpark if San Jose falls thru for the A's.
Sure sign that Spring is near - saw picnic tables being delivered to a snowball stand today.
Checking in @ Edward Kienholz 5 Car Stub exhibit @ LACMA!
#arizonawildcats new QB Javelle Allen may be a starter in International Bowl on CBS tomorrow.
It still would've been better with an elephant
hey:) I haven't tweeted you in forever haha
In Reno baking brownies! Have a good weekend, my friends!
What's wrong with cloudy? :)
This guy sounds like a completely pathetic loser! No one worthwhile would ever be so randomly mean-spirited.
- Thanks Ass ! QT : High And Lost Track Of Time . But Happy Birthday !
#sca2012 Good morning. SCA session on digital curation: here's Heather Yager, Computer History Museum, on selecting open-source software.
Keep the questions coming! talking about innovation in education right now!
I know, right? We might have to get used to it for a while, though.
The smell of cigarettes is disgusting .
What's up twitter?
Yep....typical pattern for us. And this one is a followup with the Arth doc....
Paid tribute to MCA with an impromptu dance party in my living room. Awesome. RIP.
#Northeastern and #URI tied 3-3, stuck in a rain delay in the midst of T10 at Freidman Diamond in Brookline.
ok then Mane. DM me next time so it will come Str8 to my phone.
Damn I wished Snoop Dogg would have kept rapping like he did when he first came out instead of going commercial! Doggystyle was Vicious!!!
Need somebody to bring me some food! I'm finna die!
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
Following Back(;
I want to blast my music and clean my room... Odd.
So anxious to watch true blood 2nite and the dvr is set 2 record the vma's.
It seems like most of us have made it. Thank you guys at the for such a great time!
Chicago loves and misses you Ian! Make us proud!
haha I was typing that! I almost moved into a building at 15th and RI mostly so I could eat fried chicken at Crew Club
Was #thatonepersoninschool who studied hard for test and still used to fail
respect to Indiana Jones
"I gotta run out and see #johncarter before they yank it from the theaters" that's the first time anyone has said that sentence.
stop parking in my spot. please&thanks
Glad you said something poignant. Just can't believe that.
Congrats! What are you guys working on now?
Jason Marr and Morgan Rowe on KGNW radio at 4:19pm today! Tune in for some Pitmen Painters fun.
The Xmas tree was 8 ft when the tree guy put it in the car.When I got it home, it became 14 feet tall & 200 pounds. My back still hurts.
Sorry for the delay, Got long Gold at 890, added at 810
Home from work
Wassup twitter! Mention me some love!
Cleavage is like the sun! You can't stare too long or else you'll end up getting hurt!!
i love my bucket. thank you!
#Huguely attorney says it was "amazingly thoughtless" that they sent medical expert prosecution testimony during trial.
I am? See news happens all over. Lol Have great day!!
I already had lunch...but just Rob here to make me laugh more would be good!
Time to reach back like a pimp and slap a ho.
The point is to use messages & objects instead of many arguments. It leads to simpler, more extensible code.
If you eat too much comfort food, it's not comfort food anymore...
wondering if everyone hates me already, scratching face
Happy to be back teaching at KIFL. Love my classes there.
haha uhm..thanks for the shoutout? Why did i get one?
Heading to Philly tomorrow for #SEM2011. See you there.
if you want to use it in the future! :)
Goodday at wrk great day overall back at it again tomorrow AGGA UP
Shit im staying up tonight:(
New Secret Service policy: "Get a job, lose a job!"
Wishing i was best friends with the kardashians and watching their show every day of mt life.
Chief Teare is answering basic questions about his job.. Declined to answer a question about the "DROP" deferred retirement program
So happy that the league is back on, I needed it to stay sane with all the ff going on around me
i put him as DH id want Jones in my OF he's one of my favorite guys thats why i had him hamilton, batista & kemp they are my 4
Watching Boardwalk Empire
Well im getting offline see ya later bbl i will be on in a little while
Happy B-Day What to get the man who has everything???
you bought your tickets? Let me know when you're here, I'd love to catch up!
You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
My kids already love bacon, The Ramones and talking like pirates. Guess my job is done here.
What's the most important thing on your bucket list?
Piss on New Orleans your Saints and your Tigers hope Bama kicks their ass up and down the field #rolltide hope Willis destroys Brees nxt wk
General Douglas MacArthur Men are governed only by serving them; the rule is without exception
I just want Birthday tweet PLEASE?? I've been wanting this all day! <3
Nice one Seth!
Why on earth is it not flurrying in Fairmount?
I might not even tell you when I'm coming, just show up at your crib one day and start playing ball
At #ERDI Canada conference - great session today on Mental Health in the classroom.
Salmon with wine pairings. Darren at bin-on-the-lake is going all out for this lunch tasting. Join us - apply at www.TasteTweet.com YUM!
and ME. seriously cannot wait!!
such an awesome gun.
Hell I wanna audition for Glee!
This world is getting crazier every day. "Are you more amazed at how things change, or how they stay the same?" ~Cheryl Wheeler
Honorable Mention: Tom Brady sure knows how to play the field. The New England Patriots quarterback
hey, and good job staying off Twitter. Didn't think you would
Hey peeps what's up
keeping up wit the JONES
When are 2011 ticket prices and STH invoices coming out
I'm lost. I need to find my escape.
Scandalous :) RT : Flashback to last night: Date went outside to smoke, another guy at bar gave me his phone number. Classic
Not towed!! Just blind.
thx for rock's da runway.
WHY DOES THIS HOUSE SMELL SO BAD? Can't we just eat normal food tonight? Like, uh, I dunno, lasagna? :|
Well, at the rate I'm going, this could be me...so, "no comment".
Hey Vivian, would you be interested in covering CMJ for a blog?
Call us! 877-244-9913 - We sell printed tshirts and embroidered polos - scrubs, safety wear, caps, bags, and more.
Want to work on my web. Comcast Internet down. 3rd time this week
Just overheard: " I tried to take you to a nice place and you fart on the comforter"
I wish I could be strong without the scheiße, yeah.
Bryant waited too long to make his move knowing OKC had a foul to give + a key turnover. Mental mistakes.
I just can't get enough.
On a positive note I'm digging Craig Sagar's suit!
All your weight, it falls on me. It brings me down
#usbank loss draft department employees need to learn to say: "M'am, I am so sorry. I will make sure this gets done." Period.
hey dave, i responded to your email regarding tim working with a band, get back to me at your earliest convenience
Your feedback is great, and we are working hard on getting our next issue retina ready. we hope you enjoy Installation Mag
I just watched it on my DVR, he ripped them a new ass hole...lol
It's the worst feeling ever when the snack bar runs out of parfaits :(
or until they accidentally create a tsunami when their asteroid capture device malfunctions.
did that run at commerce?
I have never gotten you to RT me or reply to me or follow me. Today I'm home sick. make my day and do one of those? Please? :)
can u drive me to the game
me either!:)
#thatminiheartattackwhen you mae eye contact with someone while blanking out then right at that moment you are back to reality *blushing*
I am not above using quotation marks "passive" aggressively.
two teams ranked for most of the season play each. Other in the first round brook central vs milw Riverside smh
Did anyone else just feel a rumble like a small earthquake in Arlington? @
Anyone have a bass guitar they can loan me for a week or so?
I love you more than I love helping homeless people. Get some rest, try not to worry, and call me tomorrow. :) <3
To the film room!!
Headed to a wedding. Hope they don't mind me showing up in a Rangers jersey and flip flops!
kinda weird how demi is an x factor judge.... imagine if she gets the over's.... lol.
studies show texting fires same neurons as heroin--how to break a child's addiction to texting? parents will be in for a fight for sure.
FOLLOW HE HELLA COOL AND HE IS APART OF
That sounds great. What college are uoui attending?
That's so nasty, ewwww.
word no clue what that means but that's what's up
If u live in Austin look north. Round rock is getting hammered
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times...
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Tender Greens - Vegetarian / Vegan (live updates)
Eye doctor today told me I might have Early stages of Glaucoma.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> On the bright side I might be a legal #weedhead Coming to a town near u!
I really don't wanna go back to school tomorrow.
Just popped a Two Brothers Brewing Company Red Eye Coffee Stout, this brew is the truth...
Good point. Now is the time for him to make some serious investments. Per the article, of course.
You are a farmer
I've been arriving everywhere early today! This must be what happens when the day starts at 8am!
Talor, have you made up your mind yet? Are you staying at PSU?
Its so different without out a phone...but ill have a new one by Friday
jilevin Thanks for following...
and gets done at 12am. There will be live music and so much more. Please visit our website at wildtigerbar.com
"You guys look great in gold, have I told you that?" - Mr. White. I've always loved this film Tom!
dinner with your mom last night. I'm pretty sure she had something to do with the government shutdown being averted.
Everyone and their mama forgot how good Al Horford is
Stretching and preparing for a call with the effervescent - hopefully is at the turn out on the 9's
Seeing an ex and you look cute but they don't >>>>>>>>>>>
Plan a fundrasr on 5/30 related 2 college access & success for underserved youth in SF. Any chance u'd consider emcee?
I'm bored anyone want to ask me any questions?! If not then this is a waste of a tweet!! :(
We're up and ready to roll into #BEX11 today - looking forward to a great day of talks and meeting other teams & mentors!
A slimmer, multi-Grammied and harder to dump Adele might soon find herself with nothing to sing about.
p.o. Took yo,bracelet lmao
Could I ask for a follow & ask you a question?
Sign me up!
Interesting. Penguin eBooks through OverDrive can only be downloaded now if you have an actual Kindle, not just the Kindle for PC app.
Dreamed an amazing horror movie featuring a giant office building in the mid east filled with terrorist zombies. Starring
Vegas we have 7 more days of the Durango HS Shoe Drive. Drop ur used athletic shoes off or
Warm up and dry off- have a bowl of our mushroom soup!
At trivia night they don't ask questions, the read encyclopedias. :/
Grumpy and sick is my favorite outfit.
OK, tech fail, not sure what happens on April 5th?
...i thought about it.
Haha Bud Light Platinum
#Its2012 and some ppl still rocking U.S.P.A Saying its Real Polo ! HA BYE MANN
And it's IN SCORPIO! Which is where my moon is, holler, and your sun. Please advise on appropriate witchiness.
Go Lions!
as a female, I had plenty taken from me by dudes who feel more deserving
Even if you weren't there we want you to feel a part of it. What city are you in?
I hope this hot weather is a continuing trend! And the sun too :-)
Congrats. Welcome to the real world.
Keep the pressure on,
I see you doing it big! Good luck to you
Meet BIG KRIT @ the Black house Now!!!
the photo is not coming up
we won one too! And a penguin! Bout to eat at
St. Patrick's Day Parade.
Given those options, probably literally. RT : When people say they look up to me idk if they mean literally or literally!
next video i'm making probably won't be a white wall type of video....getting sick of making those
Finished a book last night and scanned my shelves for a new one. Chose Dreamsleeves by Coleen Paratore.
Sometimes awful things have their own beauty. Maybe I'm heartless, like i just don't care.
The time will come when I'll be quiet drink hot tea in the kitchen, knowing that in my room, fast asleep, tired happiness.
funny how people I know in real life didn't download my tape but perfectly good strangers have.
Shane: thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy the tweets! Therese'
Time for a relaxing spa bath, cup of wine, some candles and my thoughts.
None of us saw W winning and he wound up President anyway. A lot of people sat that 1 out. Close elections are easy to steal.
Gorgeous day in South Beach.
phewww....was having withdrawals...bring it twitsister!!!
Oh yeah weddings...that should be good times!
where is my invite??
I find backhanded tweets/facebook comments to be the most immature thing ever.
Hey #Tampa! Don't miss & the Underdawgs at 's #Heatwave TOMORROW 10p Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio
lol you silly
"yes none : There's only one blue!! No explanation needed"
emceeing for the radio station in BroadRipple today!
iPod is about to die so bbl luv y'all xoxo
People have dreams... Sometimes they come true ......Sometimes they dont.... My dream is For to follow me <3
well played sir
Love my #SocialMedia fam! Great seeing & meeting u all tonight! cont'd
Exciting start for the inaugural global arena. 30 countries involved.
lmao! Much the opposite of you! Congrats!!!
Just saw myself on drop dead diva....ya boi looks good on camera!
History channel -_-
Four most important words in social media: "thank you" and "I'm sorry".
#EdCampSS <- SO excited! i'm bringing pretzels & water ice for all y'all
You can be comfortable, or outstanding, but not both.
is it weird that I'm watching this on a Sat night or am I just getting old? :)
well from a public tweet it's understandable. That's good PR / customer service (most companies monitor their brand on Twitter).
Where did all my content go? oh yeah, i'm on the dev site. Whew.
Looking for a place to watch the #Badger game tonight, you should go to They're showing it on their big movie screen!
okay I believe you well there's always the 3:15 bell !
Why is it that I feel like this #Social46 thing is a bit exclusive and elitist?
I like your tattoo
It's a Jason Aldean kinda day.
Photoshop is so much fun. I'm having a blast making our HELL IS HERE swag montage. hehehe. So far I've got a hat and a clock.
enjoy the show!
Thanks for the invite. I'd love to come but already have another event that night. If it finishes in time I'll stop by. Thanks again
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
I think the potato must be the forgotten superfood! <3 #organics!
Chillin' with at
Speaking of that: RT : Back singing jazz at Agave Maria's in Ojai next Sunday, April 22, 4-7. Stop by casual fun
Just downed my 6 meds. Fun Fun Fun! Sleep is inevitable soon, LOL! 'nite all...
When the hell did CBS move #HIMYM to 8:30pm? I just missed the season finale!
About to start another weekend in KC. The team gets back this weekend time to grind. Players are made in the off season. I hope they r ready
I'll be there! See you in the garden in a couple hours
Lavo Brunch time LET'S GO!!!
Who's going shopping??
"I'm going out of my mind, All day & all night." I love Niall's part. :) x
Getting on my grind!!
it'd be cool if they did. maybe I'd be able to hear it if i turn off my fans and my music and listen REAL close...?
Thanks! Good to be back home! :D
I like what George Lucas does. He generates hella bank, but then he builds his own non-Hollywood creative empire.
At The Grove Kmart checking out Dream Out Loud. First five who go to Customer Service & show this message retweeted/liked will shop with me!
Casting new reality show! Do you have a friend in a destructive relationship? Email your story:
me and are country boys at heart.
SCREAMING NO SCHOOL FOR ME TODAY....
You're aces. Thanks! Ah, Love Me Nots are incredible! Sexy garage rock/spy/pop. Check em out. If you dig it, I'll send u an LP.
Happy Monday all! Had a great weekend makin Re-Heat and eat Pork Ribs! Half sold before we had them done....
The accordion adds a lot to a band! Of Monsters & Men doing it right!!
I'm kinda pissed that the #Orioles DFAd Bergesen.
if I were to see Tycho live I would need my laptop so I could get some work done
#ASTD2012 the single best strategy for implementing a Sales Enablement initiative is to do a pilot before you roll it out on a large scale
Definitely! Was a great time. I really enjoyed the topic you presented as well.
Not watching that hate mongering cretin. Shame on you,
I dont have windows to open, but I do have a balcony off our staff lounge. I am more productive there in nice weather.
'Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That is why it is called the present.'
So I'm currently in the market for a cuddle buddy since it's starting to get really cold. If interested, I am currently taking apps. Thanks.
love you <3
Hasn't there been a tacit agreement for decades to leave WH kids alone? Seems like Obamas aren't breaking new ground here
Good morning! :))
Did anyone write down the sponsors for Meet the Press?
: Probably should have ;) Hahaha, yes I believe I was.
Sounds great (I wear a medium)!
USA or UK (cont.) MKG would out hustle you, Davis would block you all day, Jones would drop another 27 on you & the #WBA would finish ya off
you're awesome!!!
Congratulations Florida A&M on your win!
That IS a great question! (Thanks for sharing!)
#GoodThingsInTheWorld an opportunity to wake up again & say thanks
Yes! An opening jazz number!
How about we all stop tweeting about what people tweeting shxt slick annoying >___<
Hey Smiley w/some pretty wild english on teh long game today.We're all starting to suspect it's really danish :)
can u dm me
When you walk by the little girls and all you hear is " Omg, he's so hot"
A journey of a thousand miles begins with... a cup of coffee, for me anyway.
***Corrected: Hendricks with 10 hits tonight. I don't think a Red Wing has had 10 hits in a game since played.
One more day till the classic!!! Get you votes in for who you think will win! Winners get a free LITL decal!!!!
"I hate to say I told you so but..."
text me 8594940098 .
you never texted me? :O
Listening to Pink Floyd The Pulse concert '94.
Wow! One of the most amazing shows we have played. Thank you so much to all of you who came to support us! We'll see you soon!
Congrats to #SportingKC on his engagement. Marriage is an institution. Hopefully a straight jacket won't be required.
shucks...thank YOU!
50% sold out? Going all #wwdc on us, eh?
I'm in desperate need of sun.
Have a safe and enjoyable weekend everyone!
My new quintet album, NUMBER FIVE, will be released on May 22, 2012!
Snellville. Where Everybody's proud to be Somebody.
Started Run with at 12:25 PM, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
The Maserati business is great. How's the writing business? Stop by whenever you'd like. You know where to find us!
Really don't care anymore
That Awkward Moment When You Remember Something But You Don't Know If It Was Real Or Just A Dream .
RT : Live your life with purpose. The purpose to succeed!
seattle. good to be back in you
#39 The only way out is going to be mapped by those able to dream.
I love how 2 first downs is considered a drive
Was Moms too?
Love their Apple Fest! : This weather pairs perfect with local cider from Long Grove. Come in and have a LG Apple Cider Martini
"Time isn't telling me a thing - it's playing with my heart." ::the bridges::pieces::
admits to not knowing how lotion works
miss you bro.
Think about this in terms of your practices. "Most things make no difference. Being busy is a form of mental laziness." - °Tim Ferriss
I Prefer Finesse Rather Than Obvious Bullshit…
Its a power grab. You hang around liberals too much. Conservatives don't buy into this racialist nonsense
Katy Perry is a hero
Had to move the ordination service from the church of reconciliation to university Presbyterian because of the numbers of attendees
Thanks for the follow. You sound like a positive force. Look forward to our tweetership.
My 14 years old sister has a beautiful friend omg i feel like caroline idec
You coming down?
Having a great time beta testing Scenable this morning! Can't wait for the real thing to launch!
bruhhhhhhh omg i forgot to tell you something when we were texting
ross bro!!
its not unknown I already knew that(:
I also consider him a provacative thinker and a great person. But funny is funny
Lol RT : How bout Nick!! That's a great name lol
This is the least stressful LA trip Ive had so far... Please let it stay like this.
what do u like about it????
Oh nice! Really, we are just at the whim of whatever Pandora decides to bring us next...HA!
yo nice meeting you last night at the Crunchies! Awesome suit :)
Was jw, we can always use suggestions and it was hard to come up with a hashtag for this one.
haha you know it.
“: Good things happen to those who wait...”
They're dyslexic grammar Nazis.
RT : From a seven-year old "This place is like a church, but with inappropriate pictures!"
do you seriously? What do you want for it? I wanted one when I bought CTM but your store said it was our of stock :(
check out this cool new airport app
Turns out gcd was fine all along, the core data context i was sharing among objects was the blocking among operations, duh
And Carroll seems to have gotten in based on two games against Chelsea cause he had a bad season too.
don't think so. Trying to get her to sleep and get some myself. So far, she's the only one sleeping...<3
LOL! Girl! That would be awkward. :p
": Guys, go tell Rian not to leave :(" You heard the lady!
Lol I'm not taking this eoc shit seriously
Im requesting all girls to put up a profile of them with no makeup so we can see what they really look like. None of us guys are sporti...
You can't do EVERYTHING but you can do SOMETHING.
Thank you for the RePin on yesterday!
Happy Friday the 13th!
that place good? I work right across from it
New rule: When a web site pops up a Facebook login page, we immediately close that browser tab. Agreed?
Juie-I just made some great stew tonight!
Borrowing library assumes responsibility for items from the time it leaves lender until it gets bach to lender.
any time!
Also, since it is now Sunday, can I say I hope we kill some bears today
wrapping up a two-day location record with Giant Ideas
Umm girls & gay dudes! haha RT Who's watching Dance Scene? .
RT : Big congrats to and all at and on today's news! See you guys at #DrupalCon!
Well be posting a video update soon! Special thanks to Christian Gisondi who saved the day for us and will be playing bass at our next show!
yeah, there arent many options for that class
Thank you David. Have many friends that happen to write for The Examiner.
Encourages submissions without perfection. Universe of readers is small--most looking to see who's publishing. ;)
I support #OWS. Right now, there's no reports they're behind the violence in downtown #Seattle now.
On the news tonight, when they said Thomas Kinkade was the most prolific painter in the world, I died a little inside.
Forget the gym... I need sleep z night night
please let me know! I've got to book u for 40 & fab shoot! I need a new look
Congrats, Morgan! Wish I could see it.
great name! he looks like a sweetie.
HAHAHAHAHAHA, I'm not sure why but I think this is hilarious. :D
ha ha nothing!
I love those moments with my dad that people walk by and give us dirty looks so we try to do the same faces as them lmao(: good times
-Furness High School ,
Thinking about buying some stocks for Facebook.
play Super lame 4 me G!
Coming up at 5pm on #ThrowbackThursdays w/ the homie
In Cincy getting it in right now with the seafood at JT's!!!!
you were great on chelsea. For the record I liked your inverse prostitute joke!
Hope to see a win for tomorrow! Best of luck & everyone
simply irresistible!
ahh, i see. yeah i just watched the video of ellen
Hate it wen niggas come and rub they new bitch in my face! We can see that u got a whole lot of #FemaleProblems son!!!!!
hm. So do you wanna call me now ill dm u a number
If you see this can you please follow me? I really need your help. Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top... :D
let me eat that PHAT putty girl
Patrick George- huge number of buses and military vehicles spotted leaving SA going East on I-10, probably to Houston.
you too (:
we thank you as well for the mention, jazz up this month and every month
is she not there... I will kill her if she overslept
im so desperate for harry styles <3 lmfao
"Gully" Video Coming Soon Look out for it TSE
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Your bias is hurting your credibility. put that clip up on 3/21, while was sitting on his thumb.
Here's to the directioners who--- DID SOMEONE SAY ONE DIRECTION?!??! :)
Phone's dying, y'all. Gotta recharge. 'Night.
HeLLo mR.nAnDoS...hOw aRe YoU???:))) tAkE CaRe AlWaYs...
People tweet a LOT and constantly. #ctfd or
I LOVE that soundtrack
Keen-17 Christian TV has 5 churches on the air. They get it! Yet, There are more than 600 churches in Las Vegas. All I can say is it's sad …
There are two kinds of people in this world: those who make it across the Oregon Trail, and those who don't. I fall into the former category
Yea just sayin im tawkin bout a boy actually
I've had this same thought. Or at the least a "share this book" feature. Especially if you could target it at specific ppl.
twitter viruses bringing people together
do you like men?
Salt Lake City for the weekend to celebrate birthdays!
What's the weirdest thing that you've ever gotten for Christmas?
it's not until I say it is.
haha they seem just a little out of place
Only an idiot (or maybe a moron) would want to discuss that as anything but trash...could not watch pass first 10 minutes..
Pondering... "I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become what I will be." -Albert Einstein
You never know just how the story ends or how the story goes.
Its about to be
A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them
"Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself." - William Faulkner
Happy valentine's day everyone! Just a reminder that we are open today! Come have a drink at the bar or join us for dinner tonight!
That is HOT! check your mentions for the Pinterest tag!
RT : Teen Hoot is getting so big.. you might actually have to start holding it at an arena. LOL.
seems like it, huh!? what's next?
Counting down the days till summer ! <3
Mike, thanks for the welcome tweet! Yes, we have good things on deck. Stay tuned.
If Roberto Hernandez gets to pitch for the #Indians this year, he's got to be the favorite for Rookie of the Year.
in response to a question says "How many african americans are in Skelos' conference? and how many does he rep in that room?"
thanks! re "Congratulations to the #Zepheira team on Recollection progress and the LC keynote at #SemTech"
goodnight, much love, sweet dreams to u, and God bless :)
Has reading a book ever changed your life? Which one and why, if yes?
Watch ten minute previews of four of our DVDs at www.child.tcu.edu/DVD sales.asp
I can hear a teriyaki burger sizzling with your name on it. "Marrrkkk...Maaaarrrkkk..."
Thanks for the mention! Happy Fri the 13th!
It was Ben Franklin in An Economical Project, a discourse on the thrift of natural versus artificial lighting.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
I eat ya girl up for breakfast and wont save you no extras......
Time to do my hw loo
Looking like you are ready to get out and do #Something !
I will never walk home again in this heat!!!
Wow Chara is looking rough!
check your dm
you HAVE to. I'm making this a formal request. I've filled out the paperwork and all, madame.
New Pics and track on our facebook, check it out loves ;)
Well our old #DesperateHousewives set will be empty I guess soon. No one but you and the coyotes :_). Sad to say... fun set.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
bye i'm goin to sleep
oh wait, thats what i eat, nevermind
she mad bro!!!!
Is the Megachurch the New Liberalism?
Which QB do you hope gets sacked more today? Brady or Manning?
#Bedlam Beatdown. Happiest night ever for me as a sports fan. dominates the hated Sooners.
Can't look at my phone in peace
Looking forward to redesigning developmental math courses talk at Innovations 2012.
How did I go to Trader Joe's and forget to buy a single potato product? It's unprecedented.
The Kartrashains won best #webseries at The New York International Film Fest! Let's celebrate!!!
Man, that is sad.... I feel kinda bad now..
Time to get ready for the weekend! Visit us at 6320 Winchester Rd
Arg I should've took pictures w/ Jason today lol we were just too cool for 4th period *-*
Need help finding a rental? Give Tony a call @ 775-826-1414
Yep! I gave out one tiny tortilla chip crumb, and you'd think I was a tree with the climbing action that ensues now.
Posted chapter 1 but writing chapter 2 and its almost done, adding the rest of the characters in the 2nd(:
Man your kitchen up with empty #Beer bottles around the top of your cabinets. Just tell your wife their
Rest in Peace my sweet Aunt Louise. Matthew 11: 28-30
Im sitting next to you yet you still talk about me..... Wtf!?!?
anytime, sweets. (:
I Put D'Ziyah to sleep. She was so quiet when I was holding her.<U+2661>
(facepalm) But for comedic sake, keep going.
GOAL! Galaxy up over the Sounders 1-0 in the #MLS playoffs.
Maybe we should just start and close Chapman? That would solve all of our problems!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks to all of them! RT : There are 70 locations that agreed to support with a donation box.
,im the nicest person yell ever meet
Road Trip today, talk tonight...
But its two ns!
Good morning it's goona feel like VT in TX today!! Going to be in the 20's & mom said it might snow on Friday!! ;)
It's happy hour at the #firestonedistrict, so make your way down to , or !!! Or maybe even all of us!!!
What about digi distro for composers? We tend to price all our #PSNY scores very reasonably :)
I am convinced that anything Tom Hanks is associated with is amazing! The guy is like a genius. You rock Hanks! ...Sigma out
<3 (= already loving your performance
my lost...it's ok, our bench started and still almost won. still love my #SPURS...a 50-win season is still a possibility!
We were born to make mistakes
70s every day next week.
comeback inning!
Eli put together another elite performance for all his haters.
Keep things in perspective and they probably won't seem as bad as you think...
Yes! I have class on Mondays and Wednesday, but any other day is good for me.
Very smart girl. Although her statement is now false.
Literally crying because of how scared i am of driving >,_,< that looks like a vampire, but it's supposed to be crying
I know right... try to get some rest, get & take medication, and load up on the vitamin c & of course stay prayed up 4 relief
I just joined the ranks of the #RootCanalSurviors! I'm still numb though. Xrays coming soon...
That's a sportscenter top 10
Fuck you I'm not even going to tell you what you did wrong this time, you don't deserve it. Just fuck you.
Heading to Mpls. to clean residential windows.
Going home to watch the Packers beat up on da Bears!
Don't come running back to me when you get treated the same way you treated me <U+270B>
draw something
Did you know that the Pentagon is one of the world's largest office buildings, with more than 3,700,000 square feet?
"TRiO's writing workshop was extremely helpful....I highly recommend this...resource." #IllinoisCollege #TRiOWorks ~Jasper Brown, IC Student
and all the fans that would show up at the premire!
Now day who really des niggas be actionn front
“Over the next 5 years, 370 Jay Street will be transformed into a cutting-edge center for research and science"
“: . Just trying to figure out where the line is between classy and classless.” Starts at Rex's fat feet.
I swear me n oomf will never stop Tlking n hooking up LOL Smh
Last day of LGR SAT tutoring w/ the best students ever. , , , & others will destroy that test!
So I heard Lakers are moving out of L.A. by 2012....lol....Global Warming...There will be no LA...hail Idaho Lakers....year
brett and i are working on "falling still: short answers"! stay tuned..
Don't think I can ever take a good picture
In other words, Ron Burgundy was the balls. My Saturday double feature concludes with Anchorman.
I love Chicago.
what are we gonna do?
anything can happen
Wait... So really really really really really? Haha ;)
you get em?
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
I second that!
Sign waving with was the most exciting thing I've done ever!!
Really?:]I love september!(:
RT : the Mom Biz Academy is really wonderful - you should join us!
Storify might be an incredibly great idea to promote an event...thank you!
Lunch Time!!!
Single and free.! :-) happy as ever.! staying that way.
Congratulations for winning 3rd Place in the stroller category for the 2011 Parenting Awards! Thanks for voting!
That's probably for the best.
ok mom :p i'll get on that
I prep my outfit, rehearse my talent, brush up on current events, and run 18 miles a day on about 400 calories. I am ready.
I'm on my shit I'm rich b***h
Sometimes, I think I would be better off if my parents just stayed out of my dance life. I can handle it. All I need is transportation.
Happy New Year from the entire Fatboy USA family! How did you ring in the new year?
call me back cuh
Enjoy a fantastic day!
Love love love my tattoo shop.. Inked up. Yahh
How britanna fans complain about not getting enough airtime.. Imagine being a klainer..
since i can't watch the game live, i better wake up in the morning to having another championship title
U r so welcome! Any plans 2 build n Murfreesboro? Ur business would explode on 231south. They r buildn a parkway. Few places 2 eat
that is hilarious. Hi it's me I am an idiot and forgot to my work but by sending an email it will all be ok.
That's too bad. I hope the next movie you see you will love!
Yes! RT : RT : If you want to see a great example of a talent community, look around the room at
Ok, taking a break from art circles to watch ....profile story on Trebek!!!!
now I do cuz I told u! C:
Me too! RT : Checking out the SEO & Google+ #mojowebinar put on by
besides babies - pretty much don't care at all! Just let me do my thing and be myself. Occassional couch action!
No, because we don't own it. It's awesome though. And it's available at the Montlake branch of Seattle Library.
I'll email the exam at noon today. If roads are bad in your area, stay home!
Feel kinda bad for Sarah Johnson, who just had to follow and Jim Gaffigan on stage.
so good! And it was with the manager of the store, she's super chill and hilarious! So it was awesome!!
Best part of a killer workout is the pain you feel the next day... The worst part of a killer workout is the pain you feel next day.
following that blue dream
Hot...sleepy...n horny!!
Idaho: Rudy Kovacs, Idaho State University professor of art, will retire in January after serving on the ISU faculty for 31 years. For...
It's Sunday December 25, 2011 at 4:05 pm Central time and The Bears still suck
Getting chills thinking about Doc's perfect game. Congrats Humber!
Collections Mgrs gather this AM to compare digitization workflows. There will be many valid ones. hopes for only one?
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will. Robert Anthony
RT #ThatOneGirlWho gives the best advice b/c she tells it like it is.
Make it a great day!
#FF Runs the Best Fan Page Around
at the Deli tonite featuring and Italian Picnic 6-8pm. Rumor has it Blue Sunday will be join us. Be there!
hearing michael kay's voice just makes me happy.
I'm in lobby. Come down
can't wait to see ya'll 2night;)
Children are the best teachers of creativity, persistence and unconditional love.
Hot Chelle Rae-Tonight,Tonight:))i would luv to dance on the edge of the hollywood:))dope song:))
Follow me at AnneFOX59 for great stories on government corruption hidden camera investigations and everything for my pdx/wash friends miss u
AP .. which is exactly who Richardson is being compared to.
Can't sleep
Thnx So Much! RT : If yr not following - U need 2 B! awsm material from an amazingly talented guy!
real bucks fans..thats coo until the heat come to town..lol
Lovely meeting you too! :) RT : Hi it was nice meeting u at the #guambeautypopup event !
just talked to about you and the show. She said great things about you... my question, are they true?! ;)
Clear is now in the Westlake Center! Come in tonight and refer to this ad to get a special discount. Hurry, We close at 8pm!
Sorry for all the tweets this afternoon! I'm on a mission to get 50 more tutors this month for my #MLK Challenge!
Stayed in all day. Cold finally leaving...I think.
Thanks, , for the totebag plug. Were we really curating telephone poles in Marfa a week ago?
It sucks when you lose someone you have who is a father figure/great brother & your bestfriend.. It sucks to have a hole in your heart..
The Secret to Flat Abs? Once we got over our annoyance that researchers released this info at the end of bikini season, we were pretty intr
Thanks man! Glad you like the tunes! We'll be releasing our full album in July... 7.09.12 to be exact! Thanks for the shout out!
RMFT!!!!“: The Season finale of The Vampire Diaries: #mindblown o.o”
At Rave, last week! :) Happy St. Patty's!!
Whenever I get sick, I have an existential crisis. #WhoAmI? #WhyDoesMyHeadHurt?
Who said MySpace was dead... O_o
Nice. Printer that I need today arrives tmrw. Ream of paper for said printer? Will get here today, just as I ordered it!
Family Guy
At work another week of fun and joy
Late Walmart run
Love the avi!!
stranger...too good to talk to the little people huh? Lol
If there are any issues, please do not hesitate to contact me at .
Me-"Gotta get my homemade fly swatter" Stepdad-"Your fairy salt water? What?" hahahahahaaa
Happy Saturday to us! We just stumbled into a Weiner dog meet-up!
what time r u coming back over?
you aren't talking about or myself, are you?
The modal student right now is working and going to school to obtain their education.
Ratchet, n-gga we act hood But I’m getting money with these white folk..
April is defiantly my favorite month
Tori it is!
Yes we do! We ship everywhere!
ah, thanks for the explanation! I thought I was hallucinating
how many more inches of rain do u think we will get
Pretty good game by Young right now... Happy with him so far
yes. It looks like there's a couple. I'd check out the one near Covent Garden
2 chains ft the weekend...omg
YES, I told you I can sing! But noo,you don't listen!
It's Thursday night at Grand in Stamford, CT with DJ Michael Fusco! I'm spinning from 10PM -1AM! No cover, 15 Bank Street Stamford, CT!
Develop a pilot project for centrally allocating $2million in additional title I funds to up to 20 high poverty schools
About to take Apple's Messages Beta app out for a test drive. Stay tuned…
i'm really obesessed with songs!!!!!
Yeah! I can take "Cover Girl" off my bucket list now....
I don't know!!!!! It was so weird omg I turned around to see who said it but no one was there!!! o_o
yes! They are selling them at Kiosk. I *almost* bought one.
HAS SWAG
#Nationals C Sandy Leon, making his MLB debut, leaves with a right leg injury after a collision at home.
ill probably be at panko. but i will.
Well finna hit downtown chi tonight luv my city be at club eclipse wit my kickin hard get at me peeps
follow back
What You Need to Know About Google Chrome OS | Gadget Lab | Wired.com wired.com/gadgetlab/2010…
"media is an expression" -
She's a really nice girl...yeahh that's what they al say
Mos Wanted Crew is my favorite tbh
yeah buddy! Excited!
Parents be gettin shit twisted . Yeah you brought me in this world , but that don't mean you can disrespect me .
Olivia Pope will cut you up. Don't mess with Lady O.
The Power of Social Media is amazing.
I'm the world's biggest bandwagon Pacers fan lol
#nescagvball Tufts we love ya! Best from California!!
Stressed! Not sure how much more I can take...
": getting my twitter up. plz send some follows my way. thanx guys" << YALL GO FOLLOW MY BOY!!! Gettin him up w/ the technology
awesome Night at Three!!! Below!! Shout out to Krystel, Betnadette and the Air Force for coming out!!!!
sounds like a plan, how about next Friday?
Come on zipper follow me even though pesca doesn't RT : My friend follows one person, me. "twitter is useless & boring"
is making a home cooked Italian dinner <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009D> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
you cant win them all.... Except if you're me in corn hole.
Favorite word: whore
Bored > Go to Fridge > Open > Finds nothing to eat .... *Ten Minutes Later* Repeat.
"Just a small town girl?" You are a divine creature of God ..Special in every way!
2 successful radio events, now lunch/dinner and off to rock the mic for the #working!
Shift change on American airlines baggage handlers. Waiting 20 minutes for sky check. Brutal
Never give up on anything you know is worth all you have.
haha. i'll add: "that's so true" "i just said that this morning!" "oh my god, guilty of that" "and that"
Your a bigger hoe thn i thought. Can't trust you around any of my friends can I?
Wow, is going on tour but the one date they are skipping for a college happened to be my date, GA. That is depressing.
I think that I will need more coffee
Oh yes!!! I love starbucks
RT more music in the house Biggie!
Happens to me once a week. RT : was just asked if i like usher and became very emotional
Two-hour Mad Men season premiere and no January Jones?? C'mon man. What were those writers thinking?
There are too many doors in the world to give up and assume that all of them are closed
Ball didnt hit rim, should be shot clock violation, Magic ball with 14 secs to play.
Great trainers tell you to punch more....I guess great publicists tell you to Tweet more.
sounds great! Let's do it!
Just know that your favorite cookie will never live up to meeting
Pride and Prejudice, the Web Diary Edition - TIME
& thanks for the RT about Ella Fitzgerald's birthday, we think her birthday is a "Tweetable" event
Movie with mom and Austin!
Love those who hate u.... Hate noone
Remote Conductor has climbed into the top 20 Paid iPad Utility Apps this weekend!
Up so early :/
ideas for next lip tattoo?
This has been a frakkin' crazy week, and next week will be even more hectic. Settling down with some tea in the interim!
Good Morning, Baltimore! It may be cloudy and chilly but we still believe it will be a great day! Happy Wednesday!
A lot of right-wingers, Romney included, should be tried and punished for economic treason against America and its people.
Very excited for Los Ranchos farmers market tomorrow and Fishhugger salmon! Here, fishy, fishy!
"Ugh, you threw off my groove." "I'm sorry, but you threw off the emperors groove." "I'm sorry!"
I will once my limit is gone =P
Having to sneezing and it just won't come out <<< -_-
Download it whenever you need a pickup :-)
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never.
Enjoying reading and sharing your content and welcome the opportunity to link with you!
what r u doing
talking about master cleanse, feels joyful!
they really were! :')
Cannot believe people who take little kids to baseball games when they are too young. No fun for anyone.
I follow back, may not be the same day but i get around ...relax
I finally have a clean car <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Understood. Was thinking more about FSG's stated structure. I have to stop thinking like an NFL fan.
i would but i already voted for Matty B today sorry :'( i will tomorrow for sure.
It's very interesting to observe the mind set of lesbian women on relationship issues. You seem very secure in yourself.
What chapter, court etc.. you with?
I can't wait till I'm old enough to forget all the dumb stuff I did when I was young.
What do you think about the Manning situation?
Just taught Jett to say "Burberry." :)
Thank you! It was a lovely Sunday. I'm totally refreshed for the work week. What have you been up to?
I concur >> : Totally standing up to bleu chees It is a 3rd each of Chard, Sauv Blanc, and Vermentino
The final six women head to Macau, where they're challenged with re-creating their auras = #ANTM is on Tonight at 8/7c!
Love that book! But get the tissues ready...
i wonder how country my family is going to act today.
if you love hip hop and believe u can stand out and hold the attention of an audience AUDITION AUDITION 4 THE DIARY OF A HIP HOP ARTIST
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
I thought one of my fish was dead...but then realized he was just planking...silly fish
gross, it's like a Steve Ditko fantasy come true
I heart falafel! You better believe we will be stopping if we are anywhere closeby. Thanks for the insider tip.
Wow. Sweet potato fries sound perfect today, don't they? Time to order from Pizza Shuttle! 289-9993
I'm better off alone.
Wish there was a way to hide celebrities on the who to follow page. Nothing against celebrities, I just don't want it to get to their head.
Oracle, Google lawyers spar over jury instructions
Sentence lost in park responds to:"He needed a word that rhymed with atrocious and halitosis wasn't something a chimneysweep would remember.
Dentist said I might have 4 cavities on 4 molars. Must be all that sugary sports drink, bars, and gels wreaking havoc.
Post fundraiser horseshoe next week?
Two shows today at the Art Institute of Las Vegas! Thank you everyone, it was a lot of fun :-)
Can you update me on last night's K3 funding discussion? I only heard about Falk suggesting possible referendum.
:o) MT : It's such a beautiful spring day. I think I'll sit indoors and pound the F5 key looking at $#%! that doesn't matter.
really da grizzlies supposed 2 be 2-0. da clippers cant beat them folks mane. they just got lucky last game
university of Texas :O
It's a beautiful day
Another Record Label will be added to the Transform family tomorrow.
Creepy, yes. As a retired certified fraud examiner interested in language uses & abuses, this is intriguing.
It's official! and I have booked a trip to NYC! Cannot wait to see the #Cattelan show at !
And Warped is 35 days after that. :-)
You already know
all of them the whole franchise!!
I'm a snob. Only Hebrew Nationals with kraut for me!
A truly beautiful bride.
“: This is the 1st time since 1980 that no Florida, FSU or Miami player was taken in 1st round. #NFLdraft” ouch
OK, OK, Maybe I shouldn't say "cred gone." But we are def on different levels, lady.
every drawing that i drew was never, ever as cute as you
Hate I have to miss show tonight but I know he will rock it!!!! (BIG HUG) kill it boo! :-)
people go to school in Morgantown? Lol J/k honey, how are ya, besides being late.
"Programmers are tools for converting caffeine into code."
So many people hating on Christina Aguilera. Which is exactly how I know we would be besties
"Get Up" by Mayday Parade is the soundtrack to my life.
It never hurts to be too optimistic.
I like my coffee black. Just like my men.
Amy, I'm glad you liked the post, and that you took no offense to it. No negativity was directed toward you. Best wishes.
Oh, okay! I still have the pen cap you gave me for my birthday. No, I'm just kidding. :P
It was great to see you there Harmony! Congratulations again!
Remember when Roy Jones Jr. could fight? Knocked out in 1st rd. by some stiff last night. Sad.
>>hangin with fam..hittin Long boat key for a few days
Plenty of other reasons not to drink Coca-Cola, Sen. Grassley, & btw there's no such word as "sucombed."
So sorry Dawn! Thinking of your Simba!
Wanna be a robot in a song im working on? Send me a recording of yourself saying something crazy!
This chick has a yellow Mustang with a license plate that says "PIKACHU" and a cute little picture of pikachu on the car ^-^
TO THE LLAMA, TO THE WALL
I used that wrong. There *was* a dearth, now a surfeit...
The best is yet to come! All things are possible.
why is it I love you so much and all you do is hate, hate, hate everything you've become?
We are so glad you enjoyed it!
Retweet if you remember how kickass Museum Madness from MECC was growing up.
It hurts when you want someone but can't have them. It hurts more when you have had that someone and you lost them.
#craigslist is already blacked out for #sopa protest
Follow me Tysoon x
nope.. it sucks.. lolz... but i aint missin another tour... What grade r u in???
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough. ~
#anybodyoutthere has anyone lost both their parents in a short amount of time? I feel so alone now
I wish we knew the full story.
Why Stand Above? When You Can Walk Amungst. Walk With Me & I With You!!
#ThinkLikeAMan was so funny was a fool.
Bought a copy of Are You There God? to send to my 10 yr old niece.
On the way to San Diego! :)
thnks for the follow! Help promote?
Omg guise~
Mayweather still scary to me for askin pacman for a drug test when he wanted a fight..
I feel bad for all the people who are following me that aren't Mahomies because I just raped their timeline with Austin lmao<3
Opportunities are presented when you look to serve others.
I like you and I know you like me but wtf is your problem
I'm surprise ain't talking shit today
We appreciate the help! Please feel free to lend a hand in the future.
“: Just trying to pad my tweet stats.”. Gotta pad my stats!!!
What the eff is up with that ish?
I told Kenny he was adopted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
ugh Do it!! I'll teach you school senior year... ;) I love and miss you so much too!!
Will have to sample some of these..
how r u?
Sounds like there are a lot #Lakers fans at #PepsiCenter tonight ... I don't like it. C'mon #Nuggets ... keep 'em quiet.
*punch...yellow one
i just got done writing too your "up all night beat" Insane.. I will be leasing this too!
SO AGREE ABOUT HUNGER GAMES!!
I hate having a stomach ache:/
yep! Working on that now! Also a 5k and 10k :-)
We loved having you all! RT : Really enjoyed the #companymeeting yesterday
: What a pretty day here in ATX! Seems like a good day for some rain or an interview! - Subtle.. I like it!
are you drinking early today?
s/o to follow & gain
I still don't know the exact day I'm going up north but I'll let u know :)
thank you.
Thanks Hans!
Please just listen to "got it all wrong"
I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
has gone on the record in support of marriage equality.
so whats that gotta do with anything
looking forward to seeing you tonight!
I know a lot about single-scroll turbochargers and sodium-filled exhaust valves after this morning.
Drive up Main Street in a small town, drive back down Main Street in a small town.
a) my point exactly!!! B) are you trying to drop an instruction manual with your retweets?!
Its kind of alarming that its breaking news that the leader of the free world supports equality.
Bill Clinton (Request) To Our City Jacksonville Florida www.justsmellsogood-nation.com
I'm guessing you meant me! haha Thanks bro!
it makes me not want to get an industrial omfg.
Just a few of my reminders of what a awsome God we serve.
Be kind to each other, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, just as God through Christ has forgiven you. Ephesians 4:32,
AND I KNOW IT'S TOO LATE. BUT I WANT IT THAT WAY
Track meets suck!!
but it's too slow to move anywhere except the booths...privacy policy = they share your email with whoever..?
Ah let's see how this goes
I'M TRYING TO WATCH #RHOA!!! Hubs is on iPad2, son is on iPad...there's a LOT going on!
Xmas Tweets: My nephew bragging he got the prize orb with the most candy. Claims it's proof he is the 1%.
I don't like them but to each their own
At Maggiano's in Tyson's II for Retail Store Training. I must say, I've missed this environment. 20yr retail veteran & have always loved it.
Unforgettable: Vizcaíno Meets Storms, Natives, and, Finally, San Diego. - San Diego Reader
Awww.... Thank you!! Very sweet. :)
Same to you. Miss seeing you on Days.
For a start, where does Dr. Pepper fit in?
Tanner just fell behind my bed, climbed up like nothing happended and layed beside me. He makes me smile :)
The most important things in life are your friends, family, health, good humor and a positive attitude towards life - these are everything!
you can stalk me. I'll just pretend like I don't see you in those bushes :p
preaching politics from the pulpit is wrong. As well, this Bishop is irresponsible
Steeler Baby can power your mobile devices.
Leather Feather 6/5 Bottom of the Hill As A People 6/7 Bottom of the Hill
and are all brainstrorming!! I expect a lot of great ideas here!
Trying to negotiate my cable/internet bill today - wish me luck!
An accredited online MBA degree will carry significant value in any organization's hiring and career advancement decisions.
I amuse myself cuz I don't even know who am I haha :) ah yeah goodnight
Have a gently used yoga mat you're not using? would be happy to take it off your hands for their NEW Song Circle Class!
Are dogs allowed on the patio?
I hate it when your friend flirts with the person you like and they flirt back </3
Morels, yes you can have them in your braised shortrib strogonoff tonight!
OT PEEPS
whoa s/o to my new follower and his bad taste in nba teams. Miss you kid.
Arshavin has to go, he clearly can't be arsed for god sake !
Hm....Thanks! But, not to be a jag, but which article specifically?
Getting fitted today for the RUE 21 fashion runway show <3
That moment when ur in a public place w/tons of empty seats & a guy sits down facing u
I thought of that after I tweeted. Kinda a sales killer, no?
Chilling with my n-words
You guys forgot about me. >.<
I cant wait to dye my hair.
John Marinatto has resigned as Big East commissioner, sources tell CBSSportscom's Brett McMurphy.
true so true
Damn right.
It's way too cold outside. BUT there's food to be had. Mini vegan pizzas #ftw!
Drama queen dishonesty: "Glenn Greenwald defends 'Obama could rape a nun' attack on supporters"
I would like to be your first RT please -RT
thats' okay. I love all 3 of mine like ...amazing amounts....they are part of the family
A good way to scare Jeana would be to watch this show called infested!
oh cool haha the only good part of massachusetts is boston like the city part :)
I'm really excited too <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
The little noise my twitter makes when it's refreshed (:
LAST CHANCE - Cyber Monday Sale ends tonight at midnight! BOGO kids ticket for Shrek the Musical! www.broadwayacrossamerica.com/blackFriday
Congrats indeed! RT : Congratulations to our 2012 John Van Hengel Fellow, Linda Nageotte of
What installer bug? :)
: Lmaao remember when I checked that army suit???
Lecturer also talked about the lack of protest against the NHS bill.
That article is great, and the list of resources and scholarly works at the end of it is great too! Thanks.
it's a all about key words: New, Leader, Change are staples for a postive campaign. Less thought goes in than you might think
Jamming to paramore so much earned me the nickname "Riot"
RT : #dc #spacetweeps was able to get table for 5 at Madames Organ feel free to join or they'll move our table. :-(
dd what was the name of the oakland sports bar u took your wifey?
Posting your sex life on Twitter. Lmfao, hoe.
we will definitely let you know. thanks for your interest
Just 2 hours ago when Demi Lovato came on the radio, I was like who actually cares about her? Then I read the X Factor news. Oh.
need to get 2 runs here and we are back in the game
Let me back up:I suggest the Cirque take over CBC's main entertainment channel.CBC journalists could keep their NHL News Network(and sports)
I had no idea Rob Lowe had made a career change to sports reporter!
Definitely RT : Absolutely nothing better than dads toasting their daughters on their wedding day.
Excited to interview Actress Sheila Kelley this morning for InHollywood Magazine!
Hey peeps like us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/allurae
All those fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
maybe you should admit you were wrong about the. Tea party being racist...its tired. ...truly
Reebok was one of the few that still let stores run on credit and catered to the small stores...it's a shame
I did not think Steve Jobs' death would affect me so strongly, but it has. I am very sad.
#retweet if your twitter name has #swag (soulja boys voice)
I have an e-ARC for a September book I must tell you about.
Coye OR me, rather.
Wow! Girl in a Coma in SF on May 1st. And, on the 13th... Calle13 oficial!!
What's your passion?
Although I spent 6hrs knocked out on morphine & $1800 at the dentist, today was rather productive. Or am I dreaming?
Fast Facts: Cyclic Vomiting is persistent nausea and vomiting, sometimes accompanied by lethargy.
Requesting "So Many Girls" by on
Gosh I really miss Ms. Jones, Mr. Hallmark and Mr. Morgen they are the cool teachers!
I guess had bigger shit goin on than 525 West Wash.
color starts at $40, sew in starts at $145 and cut is $35. On Thursdays sew ins start at $100
he is, but this other guy is the one who is giving me the loan for the house im bout to buy
i know right <3 and thanks !
Economic Development Corp. of KC website still lists Bob Langenkamp as its interim CEO, even though Pete Fullerton has had CEO job for weeks
your the best!
Well welcome to the Cascade area and lets link...Whatever we can do to help what you do, is part of our mission.
RT : Super interested in 's panel on social + mobile commerce
ENT doc didn't think tubes were needed. Yay! Treated the little guy to Sheridan's frozen custard afterwards!
Well I been smoking since 6/?/2007
lmao! She's sat on my head and she weighs a tonne!
Muhammad Ali looks in really bad shape
depends on the guy. And his size really. How big is too big for you?
Living my life drug free
Erick opens the door to understanding cubans movements and rhythms and challenges you to the next level to find your own expression.
looking good Deena
Thx back at ya! RT : Just had a 1 on 1 coaching session with <U+F603> thanks so much!
The Packers really are unreal!! I'm watching this Bears game, wondering if they can even score 3 points!
What's up man? How have you been? Are you EXCITED over Tebow's press conference?
All things are relative: if you said "eat shit" to a worm, he`d just smile thankfully.
Media coverage of the tour, including ’s play-by-play, helped shine spotlight on ’s work as cultural ambassadors
#djio As a community, we all have a part to play in working to reduce info overload for each other.
We FALL, for Fall every year. What's your favorite Fall activity?
You're so tremendously kind about it
no i meant why do I live with my crazy ass family. But yes you is a
I'm gonna work on you, until you're feeling right.
can u please list me and follow me please I need more followers
its cool cuz my boss who's like 55 yrs old is always on his facebook lmao so i'm good
Happy Birthday Jonnie Nash, have a great day!!!
bitch im talkin ca ca ca ca ammo.. ca ca ca bliaat.. whatever kendricks sayin is crzy.. such a genius flow
Do people really change? I'm really starting to wonder if this is just an illusion.
$2107.86 of what we raised raised for Partners in Health was matched by The Entrepreneurs Foundation HelpHaiti Fund!
I don't want Tuesday to roll around...at all...can we just skip it?
Soccer tournament in columbus, <3
Today's BTU inspiration: "Listen to what you know instead of what you fear." ~Richard Bach
The best plan EVER. We send helicopters with strobes & speakers blarin' George Clinton then the DEA makes use of their stash. Peace at last.
sure. Shout me out?
I <3 our postal system. It's so... taped together.
Booked a commercial yesterday!!!
i wish windows would render fonts as awesomely as mac os
we're all drowning in our tears over Turn To You, imagine what we'll be like when we hear Believe, the song justin wrote for US... omg.
Come see us at the Home & Garden Show- we'll offer you a fun time for the kids to play on our demos!
Sharks Vs. Eagles Back up!!
Praying for You Excelerated Healing! Won't Be Long!
Reflecting on some bizarre musical dreams these past two nights. Only bizarre b/c I didn't know my subcons. even knew that much.
wouldnt you want to know ;P + quit creepin on me
Hello in your humble opinion which book has the sharpest opening lines? Who sits the standard I guess is what I'm asking.
I'm wondering the same thing.
will be in NY for the next week, FYI.
I agree, Jeff. Seems like a slap on the wrist.
"The rain in Spain falls mainly on the New York Stock Exchange." - Thurston Howell I
dancee in a bitt .! im putting in 12 hours this week.!! i seriosuly would do anything to be on vacation right now!!! (:
Had a long and tiring week and all I can do is wake up at 5:47 on a Saturday.
trey songz is dead
RT if you want a follow back!
that sounds nice, I listen to music a lot when I'm trying to lull myself to sleep haha
thanks for following !
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Tuesday, May 15, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
is that $21 one way?
account on ticketmaster?
Come by room M202 today at Noon for the Right to Research Coalition Webcast, part of Open Access Week!
shout out to Kennedy. Up and coming actor
I think about food way to much
Tandra Miller, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
#epicfail RT : I don't know who you are tho lol RT : needs to text me ASAP lol
lifes a bitch somebody need to smack her gorilla on this hoes
What it do Cam? Just had to say it was an honor and pleasure workin for ya in MKE. Enjoy retirement and God bless sir.
Harry better not go search 'Harrys shit' ... He was perfect. Ok.
I am the sunset in your day
Alaska Airlines Just Made Its First Flight On Frying Pan Grease via
original or cinnamon? #FreePretzel until 3pm #AuntieAnnes today only!
RT : I had a dream: I was driving a #Fiat in my #DavidBeckham underwear off the deck of a #Battleship w/ a #Coke in my hand
Craving some delicious sushi? Go to Kiku Japanese Restaurant and make sure to bring you student ID to receive a 40-50% discount!
That guy makes it appear that Johnny Depp and Weird Al made a baby. Who are the country duo kids anyway?
Thanks for the donation for our #charity event #NYE for ! YOU GUYS Have Heart! We love the Angels!
Tyler and I are almost back to Manhattan after a cute little jaunt on Jitney to the Hamptons! Feeling so waspy.
why does technology have to be so difficult
Although Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow, Spring Field Trip Season is almost here!
Alright mom. No gift for you sunday
#IUsedToWonder what happened to the world after third impact
me but I have school tomorrow ;/ so goodnight ! (:
Ugh.. & then another bum cums & orders with a big booger in his nose.
good night cody school tomorrow lots of love<3
RT "Sometimes you've got to step back and learn not to make work the center of your life" So true & challenging for entrepreneurs!
What would you order if you were here right now?
But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue
Verizon Wireless expanded its 4G LTE network in 27 new markets Tuesday and another 44 by the end of the week. With the expansion, Verizon's…
this is Sonny Joe lol
#SOAD #LongOVERDUE We need you in #Oklahoma!
lololol love youu! if you meet them you better tell harry to call me ;) and that im 27...hahaha
Just went from a good mood to a bad mood
ok, thanks
<<<<<Come out to #LaughAndSip support us.!
The answer is UNDOUBTEDLY.... Hilary Rush Colcha Principessa Lost & Found Calypso/ Calypso Home
I won the #Wheaties boxes at the #Packers pep rally in #Atlanta!!
party animal
plZzzzzzzzz follow me I luv u!!;)
I really hate Facebook. I deactivated my account once again!!!
News Assignment Meeting today at 5 pm. in office (MGC 252)!
Very hard to build a team from the draft but they did it.
Good Luck.
I'm gettin' hungry now and we only have about 4 hours ahead of us!
MPTV 36 has been taken over by TV & Video students! They’re at the controls so tune in all day for student-produced programs.
When kesha was crying I laugh a lil inside......
You're welcome!
I'm seeing even more vendors jumping on the "#marketingautomation" bandwagon when they are no where near a category fit. Customers beware!
LAZY AS HELL RIGHT NOW NEEDS GET UP AND DO SOMETHING
I Swear You Is Badd
Thank you!
Can't wait until my birthday!!! Its going to be so awesome!!! :)
Umm, don't I know someone that was thinking bout something like that?
Go Gourmet this October 9-10 at the Gourmet Experience! It’s your one stop shop to everything gourmet.
Finishing up the last day of the state legislative session. Long day; Repubs crazier than usual.
#DearOomf , stop sending me followback mentions ! I see that you followed me !
First day of the NWBA National Championship! Games at the field house and around Denver. Don't miss out, come check out some games!
Karen and Ramona, are you ashamed of or embarrassed by your childish actions? It seems like you're still in high school.
You Ever Been with someone that u cared about so much that they drove u to the point of not giving a Fuck after while?
I'm going 4 Miami for this once cause if they beat the Thunder, the Spurs come within a game behind them :-)
Everyone always talks about being shocked it's neon green is all. It's kind of a right of passage now. :)
The spirit of the Lord is upon me.....................wheeeeee!!!! been just rolling-stay up twitter family
When I have children I’m going to make them watch the movie 2012 and tell them I survived that.
I need ice
ha. he told this senior that im like in love with that im obsessed with him and then tried to get me to talk to him but i legit
Just left house! :P
Working my last Sunday reference shift. This would normally be a joyous occasion, but the main lab printer is borked.
Tis in the plans... I have four weeks in June to read and the series is on the list... may start it sooner. #
#IDoNotUnderstand how #teachers make their job look so easy when they do so much at once!
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific. ~ Lily Tomlin
I can't believe I woke up at 2pm today.
Damn, Mike Tomlin looks like will.i.am. I wonder who gave the halftime talk.
That's true so when you see him just breathe in and out and try not to cry lol
getting ready to go jogging with the kids, my role is more a drill sergeant it seems. ^SB
i totally just played creeper and found you on twitter.... is that bad? lol smh at myself =P
#shopping #eating! #bonfire #sleepover <333
What about Bob? Funny movie
I found it and immediately stopped everything I was doing and started to watch it. lol!
Who is One Direction...?
Just picked up a few more bottles of Hopslam and Expedition. It's gonna be a good Beer Breakfast Tuesday tomorrow
O.o i have a guess who xD but good luck!!
Would a chorus or two of the Hallelujah Chorus be inappropriate now that the students have gone and vacation officially started?
are u at hooters now?
That awkward moment when you get a text from someone you don't know saying your Farts are a turn on... haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I want cookies at the snap of my finger
Oh my god.
#GreatnessIs making a difference...
- Glad to hear from you. Will definitely look you up for lunch in the near future.
This would make it all worthwhile: RT : fire Denby, hire Hoberman.
I love late night drives, it helps me relax.
Its Friday oh yeah its going down
I just got a copy of the #GameofThrones book!
Congrats! The WDW half is a blast! What's your training program?
First day that old roommate is gone (w/ her french press) the boil water order is lifted! Hallelujah!
this why grandma of all ppl
yea.. Haha hey are u following me? Plz follow if u havnt because I'm trying to get over 1000 followers for a year now.
- thanks for the shout out!!
Find out tonight at 8:00 p.m. on #NBC #Community why
Now I see why Vegas keeps building these ridiculous 5 star resorts. BECAUSE NOBODY WINS!!!!! EVER!
nah you wish;P
stop being brainwashed, know your facts, and think for yourself.
ur hair is to pretty
LOVE our Troops!
While making sure your child gets enough calcium,don’t forget vitamin D. Most don’t drink the 4 glasses of milk/day. Maybe use a supplement?
Arts Notes, Walnut Creek Journal and Lamorinda Sun
It's about time we let those toes breath a little. Sydney b. has a great selection of sandals. #kids # moms
PLEASE GO ON TWIT CAM.! WE LOVE U
Glad to meet you! Always good to find a fellow defend of Life on Twitter.
sure thing
Thank you Caroline :)
model for you
Isn't the difference that one involves booze and the other only the future thought of a drink?
Novi, then Roseville. Then I'm off to Kentucky for my senior year.
hate is a strong word... i bet she hasnt had the right one
In the car on the way to the airport... land of enchantment, here I come!
About to learn a ton about my hometown on the FUEL Milwaukee Past and Present bus tour with local historian, John Gurda, as a tour guide!
WE WE WE SO EXCITED!!!
Hey what's up?
This is correct. Sorry for any confusion. RT : #builtheritage chat is next wednesday, i am told. just an fyi. :)
We're excited to get to at the end of this week and get to put some piano in the mix.
left my phone in the room -__- not missing any calls anyway :)
I've had this headache for so long I don't remember what it feels like to be headache-free.
...I use Mbox with Logic on my Mac. Not sure about Cubase compatibility.
"The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." Arthur C. Clarke
Sisters big 18th birthday
Rebuking the spirit of nervousness this morning with my beautiful wife in prayer. "Whom Shall We Fear But The Lord?"
Hey Bathtub Boy, where are you going to be Nov 3rd after we kick your ass at the polls. Can't wait to see you and Madcow.LOL
Sh!t UK fans Say. How many blocks does he have? Who's doing the "Y" tonight? 7 is greater than... Take him to the rim!
30 minutes more...
Happy birthday, Joanne!
listening to MIGUEL!!
nobody cares.
Correction: For FB friends 3 more days to book Headshot session in order to get summer price of 349.00!
It's a mystery to me. It really is. I hate coercion in the classroom, so I don't have attendance policies. So, it's easy to do
north tustin , lemon heights
guys should stop thinking with thier heads and stop thinking with thier heads (if you know what i mean)
I always contemplate whether I made the right decision on majoring in Criminal Justice when my passion is for Music..
Now partnering with Central Park Conservancy for my gift giving program. 30% of my fee is donated to my clients' favorite charities.
Reports from that Patapsco Flea Market has been raided by Feds seizing items believed to be counterfeit, pirated, & unlicensed
kinda like Ranger fans? Don't worry they all scatter like roaches at the end of the season...like Ranger fans...
Seriously my life can't gett any better, thank you for making it this way! :)
I love writing about Web trends and want to join the Digital Journalist team, per your Tweet. Want a data journalist?
Take the next step in your career at Talkbiznow.com - 7 days to V2!
Hey, where you at today?
Morning Twitter
That's the worst :( I have to do that on my car still this year… hopefully I pick a good day
If we actually took all the advice we were given and applied every bit of knowledge available we'd have more teenage millionaires.
Feeling a little more normal post-Dharma Punx. We had an AMAZING guest speaker.
Flying to Saigon, then Singapore. Look forward to the food, the people, and of course getting business done!
your show tonight was a great mix of joy & face melting & flashybluelights - thank you! Sorry about the Seattle weather!
CURTIS HOME RUN!!!!! Yankees up 6-4
Yes! Exactly, if it rains on Friday I give up.
The Silk Tie likes Lewis! We would love to tweet with you, would you like to tie with us?
looks like a caliber
My oldest is Independent & voted for Obama in 08'. Gay marriage deal has pushed him to Romney. Winds are a changin!
Another Superb Day in the 5280, Mile HI City.......
im so happy that im actually eating healthy
Thanks Zoe!
How do you find stuff like this? Lol Thank you for sharing. Paused my Storm Chasers to watch.
what's going on
Hi ! (people not pets of course:) loves your community outreach (and froyo!) at all 4 of our facilities!
I'm alive
I'M SO JEALOUS.
Met with students and lectured on the start of the French Revolution....and did paperwork, there is always paperwork.
RT : This is valuable SSR time
:) Aww so sweet of you! :) Thanks lovely.
i hope they do its the only device i dont have.
I want to hear new production & new beats, where I can't tell what PROGRAM or KEYBOARD you got your sounds from. How'bout that?
Disinterested interns vs. interested interns had VERY different error rates. Important to find people who actually care abt topic.
True story: today is National Coffee Day. Drink up!
My nigga said wiz help but juicy j on
“Mst things in life R moments of pleasure & a lifetime of embarrassment; photos R a moment of embarrssment & a lifetime of pleasure.” - T.B.
At the mall... Auntie Anne's baybaaaaayyyy
#myidol - so upset I missed Colton. Skylar was ok but not great.
Spitting on an MTA driver will give him or her an average of 3 mos paid leave to recuperate from the incident(?!) www.village-agent.com
Why did I just sit here and watch that entire Brewers game?
hope that means were going back to blue pants like in the 1970s
American Brew Beer Tasting tonight, I think the head brewer Skip is coming!!!
my favorite night is Thursday.. With :-)
We are ready for you to visit our new FACEBOOK page! Check us out. Search for Nagel Middle School - Home of the Nighthawks.
Lmaoo lets get you some followers ! :D
*waves* hi
Used a cheap #nailpolish and now my fingernails are yellow! Too much pigment or bad quality?? Could be a mixture, #Quality is key.
Someone in editorial Cant you stay on the tragedy of this boy without getting "smart" and expanding it this way?
I am having the best time with and his silly songs and his non-invited sexual harassment.
Time for a few days off to catch up on email and perhaps a book on CD.
Looking forward to a busy brunch shift at the Scholars Inn!! Hope to see you there!
Screw Yall and I do Have home training!!!
At the most we may only have 1player from last year's team, so they don't have much memory about our performance in that championship game.
This is dumb
happy mother's day
Follow back??
WAIT. Leap of Faith got nominated for best musical but NOTHING else? Then why was it so good? Nothing was outstanding about it.
Can I get Theo's "Bridge" from last season so I can jump off it??
AMAZING weekend! Time for bed.
I am convinced that some drunk tweeting is going on or people on Twitter or under age AF
Download Marvin Mo Watson, single [ Baby Whats Going On ] at itunes,cdbaby,amazon and more only 99c
I apologize for excessive tweeting right now, but I'm so hyper!
2 more hours -.-
ack! giving a presentation using prezi... in 17 minutes!
I’m running at the gym every other day, I’m walking or b…
making bday plans with
omg Belz marry me
Northland. We're on the bus to Chicago. Roadtripping son!! All night across Missouri and Illinois.
Oh Dolores park, I've missed you.
If u not happy dnt stick around
If the rims on your car cost more then your car
Considering NL pitchers bat all the time, inter league play, and the WS for that matter, only favors #A (aka NL).
true daaaaat(; we're awesome bahaha
virginia tried to become part of our everyDAY joke again....
still cannot play...
My name is Em5ma the 5 is silent.~
Half: Dallas 25-Millsaps 25. Settling for jumpers when we can get layups. Great defensive effort!
Hi, remember me? You used to smile when you saw me, hug me for no reason, talk to me for no reason & love me for who I am. I miss that.
Hear, hear! RT : Thank you to my fellow #infocamp organizers for letting me part of your #infoherd. Passion is powerful.
RT : R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack |
Was going to take an Ambien...thankfully I have the USF game instead
Ya boy Finna kill tha pizza and chill..
What are you trying to watch on a bootleg??
Pilot translator-pretty smooth=BUMPS; light chop=u won't be going to bathroom EVER; some weather=lightning striking plane NOW
thanks for the well wishes :-)
Visit www.bellargopiarge.com !!! Tell us what you think about the NEW LOOK! Register for updates! Online Store OPENS 10/15!
Just know, the locker room knows...You voted for Pekka!! #nhl13 cover
I love your son to death. He thinks he's the worst singer out of them all. No way<3 He's an amazing singer! He's lovely!
hey im going to a beauty pagent
We love it when acoustic musicians join our fb community, welcome Taylor Swift!
Cause once you give away the pussy then your fucked right?
most definitely. And maybe a friend of mine.
VCU get off my tv you are torturing me. :(
#nageltechblazers 6:30 is a hard time on Tuesdays...my mother-in-law can't be at my house until 6:30
Good thanks! Out helping #RVA prepare their AC units for the summer. How as yours?
Thanks for coming out to see us!
Let's make some magic again Brew Crew!
Good luck with the event, will there be notes taken?
Brad Paisley in 2 weeks, CANNOT wait!
Free Pool tonight! Steak Night Thurs. Food Crawl Event Friday Aug 26. We welcome Notre Dame Alumni for football game Sat. Sept 3rd!
Linda--For your house-hunt, are you looking to buy or rent? I am happy to help you and have quite a few resources. --Aaron
seriously? get over WWW. Its not that serious.
can't retweet anything u post it says your acct its protected....classic pic tho
ur welcome n ok
Dear LA: you CAN drive through moisture.
Good Night Philadelphia!!Another Paper Champion Down!! That's 2 n 2 Dayz!!!! Money can buy you a lot of things but def not a championship!!!
Hey they're the only team winning around here lol! Did you make it to the game tonight?
There is nothing more endearing, loving and wonderful than...warm donuts. Thanks
Got your bitch panties niagara falling
I was just being silly today. lol
I pray your baby gets better soon doll :-)
No worries - I'm being pretty quiet myself!
is it necessary for bands to tour on weekdays
Credit card companies charging you - IF you pay off your balance every month! You kidding me? It's happening..what do you think about that?
Text me :) ask the number
Bob Dylan's singing sounds like me insisting I'm okay to drive.
simpin (per urban dictionary) When a guy or girl are sprung on someone or something.
WOW!! That looks amazing Mr. Lee!! Did you start the initial sketch with pencil? If so what kind did you use?
THE FOCUSED MIND IS THE ONE MOVIN MOVIN WIT ORDER _ GROWN MEN NEED TO HAVE AN ORDER TO THEMSELF IF NOT THEY MOVE AS BABYS TO A BOTTLE
Mr. Finny has a role in tonight's #greysanatomy ?! Where has he been since advising Cory?
Romans 6:14 For sin will have no mastery over you, because you are not under law but under grace.
Haha wow really?
Gonna be a long day.
just asked cuz i really dont want to be in school right now
Take that young man on his prom pretty lady!:)
Holy shit this has been a long week...need some r n r...I wanna go see avengers again
Payton manning sighted with the broncos ? O;
SULFUR compounds cause bad breath & enable inflection in the mouth. Avoid toothpaste w/sodium laurel SULFATE (SLS). www.closys.com SLS free!
RT For a Good Night mention!! =Follow Me!!
I grew up in NC a UNC fan.But, I have been exposed to the bulldog madness for 12 years and it as grown on me.I bet the games r nuts
That was fast
#FoodTruckThrowdown is less than 3 hours away, fun to be had on Pendleton Pike for lunch! Many trucks!!
Everybody Bashing My #Knicks For Not Contacting #PhilJackson Chill Out Its Plenty Time To Contact Him. If We Dont He Must Not Be Interested.
yep. Little Tatum. It's almost time to eat lunch. She's breastfeeding like a champ!
What time? And do I have that feature?
Hey Roy Williams Owners! Looks like he will be OK for week 1, maybe 2. Nice bottle of Wine and a Shoulder Massage and he'll be just fine!
PUBLIC ENEMY - Flava Flav will be performing at Celebrate Fairfax next month
Women who find cunning ways to brag are déclassé
have u heard kelis song 22nd century? Lol awesome album
What do I do?/: not even sure anymore.....
I'm related to the de la Pole family. Edmund de la Pole, Countess of Salisbury & Henry Pole were relatives who were killed. Boo!
srsly howsit not gettin more attention? seems like a good time for Zero Cool to step in
lol yes no doubt bout tht
I sleepy.
I feel like every iconiac is going to f21 and buying the "iconic love" shirt hahah
lol what r some funny sayings REPLY i cant wait too see wht u guyz will put amuse mee lol
iphones and dre beats are the highest trends in technology rite now...real shxt
#dh11 #alt-ac #altac Q: do we have obligation to reach out to students at institutions w/o DH support?
RT": Remember to send us your photo submissions! It's simple: take a picture of your CLEAR Device showing support for your fav team!"
Q4 The scenery, the wildlife... and then eating some of said wildlife by way of super fresh salmon ;)
hi there! Did you get in touch with my partner Jennifer about the wines you will be presenting at Tasting the Town on 9/23?
Today's #CovertTU word: PAROLES - passwords to identify agents to each other.
I LOVE ME SOME MICHAEL PHELPS.
If you could choose any celebrity to be your partner in this week's Streak, who would it be??? and no choosing Chuck Norris.
looking forward to a pint of manny's in seattle tomorrow night
Special President's Day treat at 57th St: buy a couple of kids books and get a copy of Obama's picture book OF THEE I SING for free!
to bad
Proud To Be Haitian. #Always <U+2764>
ever been to OIAF? It's all arty, indie stuff (which I often like). I like to look to those films for style ideas.
you're such a sick drummer!
#Grilling out tonight? Add some JD’s #SalsaSeasoning to your kabobs or steak for a new family favorite!
Looking forward to running in the Kugel Ball 5K next week!
you want to be in the video? haha
MT : FollowEDU is exactly what I was looking for! I found it difficult to find higherEd ppl in broad social networks. Kudos!
One last weekend of my play, then three weeks to focus on finishing the semester strong. I feel confident.
LMFAO tn at Mansion! Free admission on my guest list before 12:00...send all names to 786 282 9112. It's going to be a
Agreed! Imagine the costumes!
Hi there! Understand we have a common interest in Romare Bearden! Looking forward to chatting next year!
Thank you Anya and Yu for your support, I really appreciate you taking a few moments to check me out, Blessings!
Happy birthday zayn Malik one more day! :D
haha yeah, it was silly :)
Love watching young singers perform.
That guy definitely needs a hobby or a therapist. I think both might be in order.
idk who to trust anymore. he lied, yes thats true, but everybody lies now and again, but how much of it was a lie?
what ever happened to barkleys game?
How did it get so late so soon?
Nice to meet you as well, we are following back.
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers13
Email support(at)bellycard(dot)com and we'll help you out!
Newt keeps calling the president a left wing radical and that he has been the most effective foodstamp president.
girl you"re so lucky! thats so cuute :)
Integrators, this one's for you: Learn about video surveillance in the clouds. Attend my moderated session at ISC West....
AND wtf u mean dis man killed a kid and not in jail...what kind of shit is dat...and dey know where he live?...
No power great -.-
I have to unfollow you for the spam....sorry
25 years ago this day, the world was blessed with the birth of a kind, beautiful, artistic genius.
Fantastic. Thank you for speaking out. It's so important to fight the stigma placed on those who w mental illnesses.
So.... That game today...
Checked out the new #verticalendeavors in #Minneapolis yesterday. Nice routes!
Everytime I have a cherry, I feel the need to tie the stem into a knot in my mouth ;-)
Plane Crash Update 3 persons on plane that crashed this morning at Dane Co Airport. Minor injuries. Airport will re-open soon!
the secret to a student-driven classroom? When kids ask "can we?" stop saying no and holding back their learning.
the 15th of January will be my birthday, and I only want you to follow me :)
I can totally relate. ;) “: #ThingsIGetAlot "Maddie before I knew you I thought you were a bitch. But now I freakin love you!"”
anyone interested in going for a nice outing I'm heading to the famous tail of the dragon motorcycle ride in NC 10/02/2009. hit me up
I just have my ticket on paypal, you can see the link on the page
I bet I would get hella love if I lived elsewhere. Chicago is full of haters! Niggas & Bitches r 1 in the same
3 1/2 week am class starting September 1 and an evening starting September 7th! Check out our website at www.TuckerSchool.com!
RT : More than CEO's r concerned about NLRB action
. gonna miss you today buddy, but we'll get the win for you!
Happy #FF MKE! Great people to follow this week Have a great weekend all!!
Cool... I'll be looking forward to it
It's a pre-holiday Friday afternoon but we're still working full steam! The long weekend is almost here, what are your Labor Day plans?
Do not deviate from the plan....
That game of FIFA>>> any other game
Have u hugged your small publishing company this month? C.V. Mosby says, it's Small Press Month! Here's to the small publisher going strong!
and now there will be 2 ginger quarterbacks in that division hahaha
Will draft Courtney Upshaw, Peter Konz, or Alshon Jeffery...or trade down again?
A little deadmau5 on the way down to the strip.
Mayweather being accompanied by Bieber is pretty ridiculous
UT endorsements today! Manchester paper endorses all bought and paid for DeMaio robots running for office
haha oh well thanks for sharing
Celebrating with #WashingtonParkPartners in their Roll Out Festivities. We're watching Milwaukee neighborhoods get better and better!
you're welcome (: x
I may be a bit rusty, but if the world ever needs me to climb into a triangle and shoot asteroids, I'm ready
Strength is the capacity to break a chocolate cake into four pieces - and then eat just one of the pieces! Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!
If you wanna text RT THIS I'LL DM MY NUMBER TO 3 PEOPLE(:
u shoulda told me u didn't have a phone and you shoulda emailed me not tweeted I been 2 busy 2 check twitter
Voice of an Argentine angel... Modern meds / surgeries have kept my heart beating for 22 years. Thumbs-Up, I passed all physicals!
I need some rest today
Everyone willingly chooses their path in life. Whether they're honest or a liar, a good person or a shit bag. Quit blaming everyone else. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
pray 4 u in unity...and let the. Lord cont. To bless u and ur family...and stay strong...
oh okay:) I get it!!! And I meant okay instead of work day lol hahaha wow auto correct sucks monkey balls!!
The Watergate felon and ultra-conservative evangelical has passed away.
follow mee please
!Don't cover up the beauty!
Tan: Now showing revolutionary Mao Posters from 1960s redone Shepard Fairey style in current Netizen remark with Coca-Cola
both. we are the 3rd seed and we do have home court
Hey Warriors are you ready for this semester to start?!?!?!
making his comeback at Tin roof tonight. Can he handle it?
how long has it been, and did you give your social?
oh yeah, can't wait to hear the new album tho!!
I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more <3
I keep thinking we should sit down and have coffee, but there's that whole I-don't-actually-live-in-Austin-anymore thing. :(
Hello to new followers,
To think: If Lee Evans caught that pass, BAL-DC teams would have consecutively ended the seasons of 3 Boston rivals.
Lawler returns as the Cardinals take over on the 24-yard line, down 28-7. Six left in the half.
Soon I began reading English. I was in the eighth grade before I seriously go in. I went to a very good school in Bangladesh.
thank you for following. Stay connected!
Are you a LEAGUER? If not, become a member of our organization today and multiply the mission, which enhances the movement.
I love you guys for accepting a bum like me. I am really looking forward to it.
Kansas had a chance but Kentucky is relentless. Wow no one can beat them. They must be shooting 65% from the field.
Hey - Sick of all your typical unhealthy options in the neighborhood today?
It's a bright new day!
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task tha
I have no words......RIP Whitney Houston
Agreed! I love how the Hags-Richards-Gaborik line is playing
From a national total of 14k banks in 1992, and 10k in 2000, the number of FDIC-insured institutions in the U.S. is at fewer than 7,500.
I need 3 friends over ..1 bring a blender 2 bring tequila 3 bring margarita mix LOL
Every school day is the same boring routine. We gotta change it up
Kind of you to follow, Joe and Charley. I hope I prove worthy.
Don't neglect the fine woolen socks. Many book-themed disguises are given away by an inferior sock.
that's what I'm talking about! Go girl!
likewise brother. Will do! Ill have to come party up in Alabama!
I wish I got to see tonight. Theyre my favorite
Congrats to and ! I fly you both often. Look forward to the benefits of the partnership. See u on JB today.
Gonna see tomorow absolutely CANT WAIT!!!!!!! your one of the BEST actors and I<3U SO MUCH JUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME ND RT!
LOL at how I busted my ass today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
"Elementary my dear Watson" > C.J. Watson
The international debate is heating up People all over are talking about the #warondrugs and you havnt posted in days lets step it up
Fuck it, ripped tights are stylish, yeah? YEAH.
Even with a 1-3 record last week, UK baseball is still 1 of 5 Division I schools with less than 10 losses so far this season.
I do. The first chef I ever worked for had the most sick recipe ever. I'll try to remember it all and send it to you.
wonder what else people are doing?
Happy Birthday!
at the gym, guy's t-shirt, sleeves removed: "I'M A CATCH" - meaning you'd like to be chased?
Thanks R!!! Xoxo
I'm no expert but it would seem taking out your top assist guy and your best scorer doesn't give you your best chance to...you know...score.
Ima Heat fan and I live in Chicago. So go suck one bitch!
Great speaker to kick off the #neasist09 program. Great use of images in talk.
The first shipment in the JMF Sock Club just went out- 6 whole days early! Also, it GORGEOUS. Zac has mad skills.
Gonna lay across my bed a relax a little b4 doing my girl hair
if they keep that up they have a big future in baseball.
#whyilovebritney because has never been anything but herself!
How cool is that?!?!?
I have been trying to get you to follow me for what seems like FOREVER!
Go Bucks! Haha
“The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.” - Helen Keller
Breezy and chilly out there with a few stay flurries but we'll see conditions improving for tomorrow! I'll have details on 10TV tonight...
Doug Collins: "We can't stop Kevin Garnett." Says they're going to hope his misses his jumpers.
Good Estate Planning helps you sleep easy at night. We make it easy and affordable for you! www.thompsonlegalfirm.com
Isnt It Just A Video Chat Tho
is running bout 2 miles from her house to my house :)
The great leaders are like the best conductors – they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players. – Blaine Lee
RT : RT : Time to put on our big boy pants and get some sh*t done! I am legion, I am
so jealous now!! Haha! How long are you staying? For the whole thing?! That would be sick!
Everybody puts your hands up there playing my song there Playing my song the butterflies fly away...
u bakk in school
Eisenach: "retrans just property right"? Do other property owners get mandated carriage? channels numbers? tier placement?
softball game tonight is going to be a great way to cap the weekend
I'm dammed if i do, I'm dammed if I don't. But I don't give a fuck 'cause i'm a beast, i'm an animal!!!
#HateWhenPeople leave you hanging when you need them...
Today is the day! Headed to Memphis this evening to compete in the International Blues Challenge!
Hes the only person im constantly texting.
Going to be live tweeting the inflation of my sense of self.
: I really enjoyed reading your book "The Simple Twitter Book". Very useful. Thanks!
please come back...one more year, we love you!
You're very welcome.
shut the front door! I love Toni! Where will she be? Is the book out already?
dirty. Always have been. Why you think their jersey colors resemble a prison jumpsuit. Can't Philly slide into the ocean?
If your boss cusses you in front of customers. You quit.
omg its so cute. that picture!!!
Oh no! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> Hope all goes well and Harvey makes a quick recovery!
I'm sure we'll talk about our cost analysis sometime next week instead.
Oh this for MSU parking, You know I hate them! I owe them two tickets now!!
oh ok good! Where at?
Call and order your lunch from Shorty's great lunch special selection starting at $4.99!
I'll pick you up. I was in town and imma boutta leave.
"Love me, love me. Say that you love me... Pretend that you love me". Thank you, Cardigans.
Finally taking the time to connect with all of the #blogs and #bloggers I love to hear from
Hm . . . I don't remember that line in the movie.
What a pleasant surprise!! Happy New Year Gladys. All of the very best to you in 2012. Go Vikings.
why are great shows like Community and Arrested Development so low-rated? i've never really understood it
Tomorrow Van will have another chance for you to win a $25 gift card for Hu Hot Mongolian Grill during the Electric Lunch! SPICY!
~ Thanks for the retweet!
Stop having your faggot friends tweet me.
This ' mafia game has everyone on edge. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
Statistically verified: Best. State. Ever. MT P would like to thank WI for being more willing to answer polls than anyone else
Gov. Daniels says feds gave Indiana's unemployment report a dramatic revision: orig. said 27,000 jobs added in 2011, actually 43,000
that's weird...
i got graduation & then my girlfriend's & friend's graduation man. =\ what is the date?
#iReallyWant you back.
12 hours left to vote for SAC Chair!
u can get a watch offa mi TV...Lol :-)
they have like 160 different types on beers. And if it didn't cost me an arm and a leg I so would.
Getting off of the boat, only a little queasy. We saw a pod of playful dolphins and TheWife made fun of me for my last tweet.
Our Groupon is officially expired. Thanks to every one who bought one and supported our small business!
I love Adele!!
It will really make your iPhone feel small. LOL!!
More Star Wars analogies - Fox on Tebow after NE loss: "That boy is our last hope." Elway: "No, there is another..."
That's an Ethan Allen quote, isn't it? - DvL
Back from a 2-mile walk. Think I will eat a pickle now.
Spring Cleaning? Text You of the Day "I will clean the ______ this weekend, it will only take ______hours" then what a great relief.
Yes. Hope they can hold on to take the league.
He is a fisher of (Becker)men.
Neck kisses are the best though.
Cowboy Nation!!!
Get ready for NEW "Circuits"!!! First song released from our EP. iTunes as well! TOMORROW! Retweet!
That's what's up Make That Money Don't Let it Make you!
These American Idol auditions at Petco Park are making life inconvenient for East Village residents.
What do coaches look for in a player? Don't just do one thing well, do many things well. goo.gl/U9ObJ
Very. I just dont want him being talked about or made fun of by peers...dont know if it's my place tho
To inspire a community that will build your business, brands need to integrate contribution into the business
Wow. So we're all talking about the Fiction Pulitzer, right?
thanks for the follow! Happy holidays!
Did I miss the Milwaukee Burger Wars air date? Now that I eaten at both and , I have a favorite.
Thank you, but don't like to talk on that account! I prefer to Twitter :)
Curses on the Medieval Academy's 250-word limit on paper abstracts!
I got a dirty mind, I got filthy ways.
ESSAY: "Mencken's world and mine," by // RT Great read--well done!!
Of course a Joss Whedon-scripted Scarlett Johansson would rocket back to the top of the list. Because of course she would.
was the DMV lady Oprah or Mariah, by chance?
thank you!! I feel like I JUST watched you guys. Crazy!
Love my hair so much<333
The delicious Canadian hamburger photo-op by is making me consider a lunch time run to Five Guys.
The 2012 Kia Optima is tearing up the track w/ Adriana Lima, & kicking ass w/ Chuck Liddell and Motley Crue. See the #ad NOW
Audition taped last night, one today and another tomorrow. AND a call w/ an agent interested in representing me in Louisiana!
Texas mayne!!!! “: Mayne we officially have a Number one record!!! Drank in my cup #1 in the fuckin country!!!”
that's so awesome, I hope he does!
#ListOfTurnOns: Hugs from behind, kissing my neck, biting on my neck, lip biting, whispering in my ear.
so much for going out and the Knicks losing
DM Me the Password.
In the car with my mom waiting for my little bro to get out of school.
~She Think She Ready For Tha World,Just Luk At Daddy's Little Gurl..!
he's like a carwash vacuum that drools and snarfs.
unfortunately, nobody gets cast from open calls...its hard for great talent to get a fair shot under these circumstances.
Come visit me and ! We miss you :]
She's moving on! Stay tuned!
I earned my pizza today after a long, fun day at the !
I love my sweet Tj<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> #misshimSOmuch just one more week...
Is it just me, or is it harder & harder to keep up with the #GOP's lies?
Now, which would be easier, all us crazies coming to see you in NYC, or you coming to Chicago? :P
I'm curious, I've heard from libs that the author makes stuff up, and that parts of the book are plagiarized. Which is it?
Young children learn incredibly quickly by following the example of people they admire. Have you read with a child today?
bought a cute new French beret at H&M can u say OLALA! ;)
Yes! Sushi sounds great and I really want to catch up!
I could spell correctly if I wanted to. I just didn't feel like it at that moment.
That is awesome.
Bye Bye Brian Westbrook...
So bored
oh r u serious?!? Lol
There are few ads that better capture the kid-like joy a simple cookie can provide than the new Oreo 100th ann' ads. Period.
Ladies do not forget to put in your bra before you leave the house
Hope you had a great day! Happy Easter!
In need of mass amounts of #food Please bring to MY MOUTH in 4TH bell
idk I saw it in the news last night in the ER
Makes no difference whether a Beamer Benz or Bentley is the car you in
Lovin this "Friday," hm wut shall i get into tonite...
Tweeting live from internet week in NYC. Tech at it's finest. So happy to be here. Just talked to a guy that helped developed twitter.
Your grace is wasted in your face, your boldness stands alone among the wreck.
Looking forward to a fancy dinner my wife Jana Williams Photography is making for us tonight!
“: If you agree that Blake Griffin should have his own Nike shoe, what's a good name for his shoe?” The Perkins lol
The refs have more rape charges from this game than Kobe Bryant at a ski resort in Colorado.
I wonder if the years have made me any stronger ... or if I'm just better at indulging my weaknesses
hmm... need a sax player this summer? It's a total long shot.. trying to come up with a scheme to be able to take my
:( I can't go this year but Ashley will be there! RT : - you ladies are GOOD! see you at #PINCamp?
Ever feel uneasy about something but you can't quite but your finger on it...
I wanna know what its like to have your hand in mine, what its like to have your arms around me, & what its like to have your lips on mine<3
personal finance mint
Just rediscovered I have the twitter app on my phone
Banned book week is September 24-October 1. Be sure to read at least one banned title - or catch an event at your local bookstores.
YOLO does not mean you fuck up your life to spend the rest of it in jail/ prison.
Food pickings are slim near whatever highway this is.
Easiest prediction: #NBA finds a place for #linsanity #jeremeylin this weekend in #allstargame or
Josh smith yea right ... Big ticket k.g let's go celtics ..
i bet Adrian wins, since he got the product placement.
7th period hurry up so 8th can be over with already. I'm ready for my nap time ^_^
what???? food is great! so do you like wait and just eat after you play? gotta have energy!!!
that awkward moment when you turn up with a niece because your brother stole them.
Hi there
$25 gift certificate to for...! Congrats!
Craziness at the pool today....lets keep it going ALL NIGHT! Shots anyone?
SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS!!!!!!!!
happy b-day boy
Now baby don't be shy, you better cross the line. ;p
#zonamaco12 not the same without your face everywhere
Thank you for completely depressing me. Sheesh.
I hate when females try ta "oh, thats my bestfriend" niggas that done had them!
Singing leaves me energized :-D Maybe I've found a remedy for my #notamorningperson problem...MORNING JAM SESSIONS! Naaaa!
I am counting down!!! Luckily, I am going to a special screening with a q&a.
Mixtape: Checking Out New Bay Area Hip Hop - KQED
God seeing you last night maybe next time it won't be for 5 minutes !
Hey , you should probably hire cops that speak English.
If u RECIEVE a text at 12:00 noon, saying you have won a prise then text back there will be 3 winners good luck. (PRIZE WILL BE IN TEXT MSG)
Brand new everything coming our way for Fresh Kics. NEW website & business cards coming end of May. New designs & factory location in June!
bored, watching JB youtube videos. i have a life (:
Family BBQ feelin wavy
What do Teachers want to see? Limited time - if the packet is to thick they can't take time read it. Can pull together resources?
Hi Steve! Please do. . Look forawrd to hearing from you!
you is estupidddddd
We train you to make your own lace wigs and/or packs of 100% human hair for sale. Go to www.drwiggys.com or email
oranges or strawberries (:
Hold on, I'll try to find it
Chelsea FC all day everyday..FA Champions
I know my passion
All the Scandal episodes have been excellent, but tonight's 4/26 is superb . I restarted it to watch it twice. .
I treat everyone I meet as a potential life long friend.
I have a Algebra test today wish me good luck (:
studio time will most likely be postponed for a bit. speed bumps you know?
Excited! Only 4 days left until launch of The Last Romanov. Barnes and Noble the Grove!
Yes to both if you can! Both are very funny. Even JG likes them! :)
Any one been to the glover park flea market? I'm gonna check it out during my baby free afternoon.
But I (Chris) personally hate being required to sign in just to buy a dang ticket.
#ThankGodFor my fast metabolism! lol Munchies(:
If everyone took their money out of big banks, Chase, etc.and put it into a credit union or small local bank they'd soon occupy Wall Street.
Thanks soo much :)
Excited for my johnsonville morning sausage and packer football, both which will start soon.
w.e kierra!!!
Philadelphia Inquirer Wins Public Service Pulitzer Prize For ‘Assault On Learning’ Series
Listening to the MEH Greenewalt musical finding aids
is it soy-free, by any chance?
Will I ever have a six pack? I hate situps but I have a bikini model shoot on monday...got to put in work
it's okay, I'm in love with that song.... Okay and Adam Levine....
I enjoyed hanging out at Rao's Bakery in Spring for an early dinner.
I'm shy I guess, but really glad u changed your profile pic and finally tweeted some pics. I could downloaded yahoo messenger?
Getting my hair done finally <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
Would've been funny if they'd called it Vega$ to be clever, only to find out that name had already been used
If u got a girl legs pinned back & u can c her asshole that mean she wipe too hard after shitting
This weather is ahhhmazing.
I want them all! So many cute styles! RT : is IN THE HOUSE! Only took a detour to Paris and 6 week delay. #Rejoice!!
So excited for premiere week! Can't wait to get home and watch some good TV...
FINALS, who ya got?
I think he's a freak.
#ItsFunnyHow you think i like you . . .
got officially certified in handguns with the NRA!
4) This news confirms I have no flippin' idea what the hell is going to happen. Lovin' it!
Don't feel like going to school
#chartership Thanks! These are all great suggestions, Will make a note to myself!
No Phone until after 3....its getting fixed...need me hit me on here....or the book
Grease is the word, have you heard?
Just watched "Boss" easily the best new show (of last year). Surprised no one's mentioned it before.
agreed - there is still a solid satisfaction in handing over a stack of coupons to the cashier!
Today I pledged to #lightitupblue with and continue #rethinkingautism with
If you tell me to shutup ,I will most likely get LOUDER!!<*¡!*>
kinda like ol four names Benjarvis green Ellis etc
I have that effect on people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
most likely
today, for once, i think i'm actually caught up.
Who wants to know how to open a business and wich business will succeed Check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
Be on the look out for #TheMissEducation coming soon!!!
why is your AVI so cute ?? are you tryna kill me or what ??? lmfaoo I LOVE YOU that's what i wanted to say!! <3 we tilting 2geda
cant wait until gifs from the performance are in tumblr! :D
I'm rooting for Eli this time just because Tom Brady wins too much. #SUPERBOWL #NFL ELI! Brady needs to be sacked more...
Everybody will get a bailout, just wait
come! I might also go to the abbey tomorrow.
best quote, best movie!
come to the trap house I'm posted
Algeria played well against England. Or England just plain out stunk.
lmao I guess it's never to early to sleep. :p are you waiting for something ?
Man I Really Want to Play Grand Theft Auto
im about #BUNGEEJUMP out of the office window
They're over and done with. They both moved on. Stop hating on her.
just a little carbon monoxide poisoning. Remember that oven I rushed home for on Friday? Could have been fixed better
WILLOW! Who knew?! So happy to see you!
Ready to get out of school -_-
Too Fucking busy , too busy Fucking .
omg rasmus is my 2nd fav next to HIM of course... I'm so jealous lol Nightwish is playing near me in Sept, i want to go so bad
did you read the article? It's fascinating. Her logic is based on a BS foundation, but it's not bigotry.
I feel ya! RT Dean Kamen is way too smart for me to follow, but that's not stopping him from inspiring me.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "You're a vegetarian? Well, I know a great seafood place!"
thanks, jon! i'm just peeking out of the seed right about now...
All American Combo Sat. Special at Acme Hotdogs! Add some tasty Onion Rings & Creamy Cole Slaw! South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
Yes, I know Parenthood is on!
#thingsAwisePotHeadwouldSay Call me Mr. PotHead, I can my make your grades drop!!!
& my Grandfather actually. Boys were kept in curls until a certain age Dad says.
two hot dogs ribs and corn
thx cousin. hope all is well
we're up by 34. What game are you watching
you want "The Love Boat" instead? I can make arrangements!
I just saw something I could never unsee, I'm not sure if thats a good or bad thing though
Idfk!!!! RT : what's wrong with it.
Agreed. RT : Acting technique only gets you so far; act instinctively. Listen, then react.
True. But not evil. Just overworked. MT She didn't mention you. Looks like the work of evil desk editors.
T. Mills is so attractive. ugh
Every time I hear the man speak, I am reminded of how much I hate the fact that I am from the state that once elected Rick Santorum
I do not miss these horrible florida track homes. They all look like dif color boxes!
I say that badboy to new hampshire and scare off some of them
not necessarily, the programs are run separately from the prison by local or even online/correspondence courses
Nice to be back in touch with my
is that your first show? I want to listen, forgot what time though.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when someone comes in my room while i'm asleep & leaves the damn door open
I do not get what the hell I did to you to make you dislike me so much that you won't even talk to me?
#protopeeps .... I will be gone for awhile....take care
Spain bound with !!
you bet! Shirt was an incentive on Kickstarter for a video they did.
I think Brendan Ryan shaving his moustache jinxed him..
Meat Meat Meat! :) Prepping for the lake tomorrow! We got hamburgers, hotdogs, bbq beef, siskabobs... haha idk how to spell it!
We are hoping for some new tunes soon!
I would never put someone I love in a bad situation.
If you have felt or heard the booms today/tonight, let us know here...use the #bamabooms hashtag to help streamline things...
Conquering my day off! Lol God is good! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
"Give me a museum and I'll fill it." - Pablo Picasso
much thanks
I think it's hilarious when guys take shirtless pictures of themselves. It just makes them look arrogant and stupid. haha.
This is the lazer.
- can we get a mention 4 Shoot 2 Cure event on fri nite @ Chargers Park? DM ur e-mail addy. We'll send a release
One may need to break things to make them better
Fak, my deck got soaked by a leaky water bottle. Time to air it out and pray to the drying gods.
"The worse a person is the less he feels it." ~Seneca
I live on the corner of Rice
I WASN'T ON TWITTER UNTIL NOW OKAY DON'T JUDGE ME
: even BU's (enormous!) website is done entirely in WordPress.
GC Tucson, pretty quiet. Some dude sits down at a keyboard and whips out Foreplay by Boston, then a bunch of Keith Emerson riffs. Cool!!!
Next up at
w/o cheating I'm just going to throw out a guess & say USC for the 1st part and Texas for the 2nd part. Seems obvious?
we're gonna get so wasted
there's the team I know: bases loaded 1 out then a 3-2 double play...
Word, son.
Fast Five!
Kinda weird. I get the "what if everyone did it" part of harm discussion, but "Ps should get fees" seems to contradict "insubstantial"
How is the officiating live? Joke on TV
I really do have such a lovely group of friends
-_- lol Welp better get started I be in here grinding !!!
said you cut me off because I didnt text you back. Which I did when I woke up. What are you doing?
Its all starting to come together
Amen! RT Brand Advocates are attracted to REAL, and can sniff out fake in a heartbeat.
Tip #136: 1% of bankroll for mtts, 2% for taking shots at higher buy ins, 3% for sngs (single table), 4% of max buy in for cash games.
I just wanna take the time out To Say Good Morning To all the women.Once again *Good Morning*
Good Morning #Philadelphia, want to thank everyone who came out to #TechInMotionPhilly last night it was a blast!
Great Dio tune.....
Absolutely. I have 3 kiddos in CitySchools! ;o) They are worth 5¢ RT : speaks in favor of bottle tax increase
The wildcat just doesn't work without Brown.
referring to the Google bit, that is.
Cause they know Walker is going to win. They just don't want to admit it.
Thanks for having us, ! It's always great to connect with y'all!
I don't know why people can be so damn nasty. Me ad my manager had to clean the women's bathroom. It was fool of shit.
Miamians can't spread their love over 2 much less 3 mega stars
Corporate white people love me, boy.
My knee still hurts. Really...
fight intro music === intro by XX trust me dogg
OF COARSE I SET MY ALARM AND WAKR UP AN HOUR BEFORE IT GOES OFF UGH
Bye Bye American Pie….
I gotcha. I think I watched it a few times when it first started...I had too many other shows and Mavs stars and what not
So I go oh on that nasty Detroit Dunk and the young lady next to me goes really!
its over lol
Going to Las Cruces tomorrow for a competition so good night to no one in particular!!://
Haircuts? DOUBLE ZERO !!!!
bahahahaha! You so crazy
captain price (me) gets called for missions everyday so i have to finish all my work here before i go to the mission
eh, nah I'm still not even sleepy -.-
Obama makes a strong move to the hoop!
Hope you two are having fun. Lillian is drawing a picture for Santa. :) And she is pretty tired too.
where are you planning your next road trip?
Ganoderma - used safely for 4,000 years with no known side effects.Tasty beverages with Ganoderma are at www.drblackston.organogold.com
Wow get my phone stolen and lose followers thats raw whats up people im back
Our enlightening yet sporadic #CoMoFirstKickCountdown continues!
Yes, yes, you've proven more than capable of turning a mediocre trifle into a full-blown waste of eleven minutes of life, well-done, my dear
is the most underrated rapper i wonder he has had great sucess and still going strong
Full Brace Face now
"Road Map for Success," hosted by Goldman Sachs 10KSB going on NOW! Come to The IP...you don't want to miss it!
I work today dawg. do you want your stuff?
If you take a picture of something beautiful, post it to Project #Lookup and we might just RT and add it to our photo stream. :-)
I know! When I went to my Lady A concert, I was far up but I was still like "OMG thats them, I see them, theyre in my view!!"
Facial tats: What are you going to do at 40 with that? You'll be much wiser then looking for a job. Whose going to hire you?
not sure- think sociologists < convinced of "liberating" prom of tech?
#gopackgo Clay-maker
I absolutely hate UK...congrats on your national title...for now...
I love leaving surprises on him car so he can be happy when he gets off work. I miss you babe.
tell your team to get it togetha
super excited! Can't wait to see pix!
I think only one journal article made it into my reading suggestions for next week, but it was hard to choose!
Not till the afternoon. *sigh* Nervous in the meantime, along with doc poster presentation during breaks. =/
I freaking love you, mayne.(:
having fun spammin it up. -lauren
DARK SHADOWS TRIVIA QUESTION FOR "DARK SHADOWS" MOVIE PREMIERE TICKETS, coming up
appreciate the follow and all that fire you have in your belly. you're doing good stuff. keep it up!
after sending it to 363636 I sent it too 383838 now please follow me?
the whole No-Homo thing is really old. Mo-Homo here BITCHES!!!!
(Alexander Pope) Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
what? When we hang and talk social media over tasty eats and good drinks, I promise not to make fun of the
I know many may not agree but after watching Behind the Music...DMX could have been the next Pac.
I call them flash drives
Did you know? Radon mitigation fans can also be used as bathroom exhaust fans. Imagine taking a shower without the mirrors EVER fogging!
Another big S/O to You're the best!!! :)
Isn't he! Hasn't seemed to change in decades--so smart and funny. Andy Borowitz, who hosted the event, clearly loves him.
they took care of peter hahaha
Don't forget this Saturday 8/13 PRD vs Montreal Double Header!!!! Doors at 4pm
The film's director is here too: Ari Palos
AH seriously laughing out loud right now.
This might be the best shooting i have seen from downtown since #WILDBILLREICHE!!!!!!!
are you going to the we came as romans show tonight?
Im like so glad that #Stelena is back together again<3.
God only can make worse then it all ready is
I'm sad :( I no longer have a PC to make music on :( & not sure when I'll have the $ to get a new one. This blows.
thanks man. We'll see what happens!!
I tried to be everything you wanted...I guess I wasn't good enough.
Had an exciting brainstorm session today for a high school student interested in interning for a cable television network.
Locker rooms are so boring. That is why I tweet.
I hope that's a joke... “: the coyotes' maroon jerseys are among the best in the league”
Haha if you can spank hard in statistics, clinical psych, and hitler!
I could tell. It's very natural. You should be proud of your obvious manliness. This is what #boss actually means
Biggest fail of #12NTC has been the overcrowding in the breakout sessions.
I wish I could make my own dubstep
I that a good thing or a bad thing? :)
I give up
I really want too really soon ! :x
A fine is a tax for doing something wrong. A tax is a fine for doing something right. Author Unknown
Why seven. exactly?
Through three quarters at Toyota Stadium, Georgetown leads Lindsey Wilson 49-20.
Have to keep the streets plowed :P
“: "May the saddest day of ur future b no worse than the happiest day of your past." Anonymous Irish Saying Happy St.Patty's Day <3”
ew pork chops are nasty
Google Quote: At Google, one of our beliefs is to “focus on the user and all else will follow."
performing tonight with The Aaron Shapiro (banjo) Big Band at Village Records (2010 W. Roscoe, Chicago) for EveryPeople Workshop. 8-9pm.
Anyone here partnered with YouTube?
the problem is, i dont know where. I could ask around, but i'll just look stupid, we werent THAT close you know?
Great news today here - Will be great to have the support/resources of #WPP and look forward to an exciting future!
I would much rather be the puppet master than the puppet.
Had a great night with chase willie and Keaton tonight
ik I am going to albivi and icon dance soon
Settled on goalkeepers, no replacement for Raul -- all questions I would have asked if.... But, not to be.
no problem <3
awesome you have one too? my username is dillyrose :)
i have to ask. what is Namaste
Did you notsee the blue Goofy jackets at the WDW Expo? They are pretty swee!t
Surprised at UCLA... but... oh well. ;)
Damn right :b : Happy G Day gotta pop a bottle when u get to TX!
this weekend >>>>
Thanks! Love working here.
we love ! i graduated from There!!
I have to look at a map and figure all this out in the near future. I will be in the Charlotte airport in May (doesn't count).
Euro crew will be insane tonite at !!!! get ready for rock it!
You complete me.
damn 15yrs the game will never be the same
had to write something that's a little controversial, you know? (im talkin about my D-Rose piece btw)
Welcome ! Come visit!
Thanks and Happy New Year! Look forward t your tweets. Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Kraft removed their case of Mac & Cheese from Amazon Subscribe and Save. RIP.
relaxing with the hubby n getting my name out there
#hth2012 Cloud computing (depending on what kind of "cloud" one means) can be very centralizing. Path to dependency on cloud providers?
The first American bicycle race took place on May 24th, 1878 in Boston, Massachusetts
Wow ok i didn't follow anymore ppl so what the hell??!?
It's only 10am looks like I'm heading back under my blankets and going mimis.
look at that crema on my americano... love that bring-your-own-thermos discount too, better than starbucks'!
Everyone who starts school in the morning have a productive day
Orioles cursed the #redsox :)
there is a person named Travis porter lol
makes my day.
Oh noes! Hoping this research effort isn't driven by need to understand a real situation at your school.
Dude Christmas Vacation is the best xmas movie ever. Do we wear a dicky with sweater and go to Wonderful Life party? I think not.
thanks Ken. Like ur new logo. Sharp.
It's funny how Mutha Fuckas come out of nowhere asking for a favor, when they aint did shit for you ever. WTF do I look like
What has been your favorite Skillshare class, so far? And why?
#exonerated....now doubt brother!
Did you know that the "Mona Lisa" was stolen in 1911 from the Louvre in Paris? The thief left a thumb print and was caught 2 years later.
You better come to Tampa, Florida for your belive tour!!
Someone please give me a report! MT : We are at the county courthouse sidewalk ready to go if the wind doesn't blow us away
OMG! Just saw a guy with a cookie monster hat (complete with googly eyes!!) on the bus to MIT. Nerd envy!
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed the talk. It was a pleasure to visit.
US: Spirits and wine benefit from brewers' droop - research Beer consumption fell for the second year in a row in 2011, as spirits and wi
Work willingly at whatever you do, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people. Colossians 3:23,
I am not entertaining your argument! Broke bread & time, now u wanna talk about yesterday?! Come on baby, #Smile & Enjoy The Moment!
Vince Gill giveaway? Grab our easy to use shell and create it even quicker!
We love ! awesome music apps ..great user-experience. Setting the benchmark.
no I mean maybe
I really don't want to do my spanish homework....
A lot of libertarians seem to overestimate how "hard core" of a libertarian Hayek was.
Money over everything #PaperGang all day every day
where did u 2 go
Letting the boys run off excess energy in the Micky D's playland - its the lesser of 42 evils!
We're standing and waiting for atable awkwardly with a bunch of stangers at asain buffet. Ha
videos by the oz: MaLLy &amp; The Sundance Kid - Shine
In the east
Morning and Goodnight and thanks for the RTs!! Have a wonderful day!
You're awesome!
Arguing about whether or not Frito pie is delicious just isn't the same without any Frito pie.
I have always paid 1st month before moving, next months in advance. Usually if you mail it, it must be postmarked by the 1st.
Ahh swimming was fun but I'm so tired!
Keep doing it mi bredder! Big ups!!
I drink to make other people interesting. - ""George Jean Nathan"".
you know. The unit. The fork unit. Your done. The kid is walking. I'm putting a fork in you, your done.
RT : BREAKING: Campaign officials: Jon Huntsman to withdraw from race for Republican presidential nomination
I Got My Hustle From Hova + My Stuntin' From Baby.
No worries. Bought Kelli a female Rose City Red and it reminded me.
ah thats kew. Woulda been nice to get a drink but ill be working
$2 Drinks & spinning after 8 tonight!
thanks for including me! Glad u liked the #glutenfree carrot chocolate chip muffins!
happy Birthday pimp!
I desperately need a nap.
Someday I am going to walk into a Carrabba's Italian Grill, flash my ID & say, "my family owns the place." Chianti for everyone!
My man just ordered us a round of red headed sluts. Thx
FOLLOW ME PLEASE<3
And now you'll get many months more, I'm sure, just reinforcing how pointless your piece was.
Whatup man, been awhile. how goes it?
Like a pin through a voodoo doll, it was a shot to the chest. I gave it my all and threw out the rest.
omg your so cute!:3
Why is Twitter powerful? 27.3 Million tweets a day. Why is Facebook powerful? Over 500 Million users. Youtube? Over 1 billion videos a day.
5 inches of snow?! Looks Arctic outside! Folks should feel right at home, but I think tangerine penguins are summer birds
Are you up to Season 2's premiere yet? It's about ten different kinds of amazing.
ha hey I ain't judgin bro do whatcha do!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked......Do you have any kids?..smh
I made it to the 500,000s :D hahahah #finally :b
I sent you a lovely message on fb... :)
that is outstanding Beiber Knowledge.
yes it is
As would I, but at this point there's not much doubt which of them will be riding. Though maybe Tuft for TT? We'll see.
thanks for the retweets! only thing we like more than meatballs is t-shirts and beer.
I am so very flattered!
And another thing: if your religion mandates oppression, it's bullshit, whether we're talking race, gender, or sexual orientation.
Tourist on 14th St "Look at all those tall buildings!" I guess they're tall compared to a corn field.
Be careful. You're entering dangerous territory.
Picking up Kayla on Dan jones cause she ran out of gas lololol
marrying a man that can! (Cook that is!)
The narwhals have now been baconing for 43 minutes...
Can I please see you before I leave the country?!
Whelp looks like I can get a few hours of sleep
Open For Lunch Everyday at 11am!
trial by fire
haha nah, just went to the Stewart rally in DC.
AIM is for losers. Hit me up: afteritendszach
2 chainz looks like somebodies dad that just decided to rap
work is so much more enjoyable when you can open up a window to enjoy the #spring weather. 67 in DC!
I'm a Virtual Assistant!
where you been stop by the shop Homie
Wow, the gym kick my a$s tonight!!!<U+E00E>
thank you :)
#iug2012 views into the database allow local reports to keep working even when the underlying tables are changed. Good stuff.
Thanks for the mention!
I've been rewatching every season of Man vs Wild in preparation
thanks bro, congrats to you as well!
. anyone can write a tweet. buyers are looking for deeper content and bigger answers, yes.
With names like Pants on Fire and Stay Thirsty, it was hard not bet on 'em, but my trifecta picks are Dialed In, Mucho Macho Man, and Sodat
In terms of fitness and battling through cancer, exercise helps you stay strong physically and mentally
For this romantic..it is a sad day. I wish Heidi Klum and Seal all the best as they part ways.
Has anyone followed yet? www.Twittitt.com .. if you have myspace or facebook profiles... you won't be left out either
Only 3 VIP tables left for tonight w/ David Puentez .. if you missed last night, you have to check him out tonight!!
I will be up late this weekend working on our Amicus is support of Judge Nash.
Thanks. We love you back! RT : i love ipath
Give your agent a hard time and you'll be looking for a new #agent in NO TIME...
Whenever puts up the mail Vlog is going to have a heart attack
Really? Of course, I watch baseball! You do know who you're talking to, don't you?!? lol
I wondered why they needed cameras for "roadwork" MT Watch The Williamsburg Bridge Blow Up In The New Dark Knight Rises Trailer
Joe Scott will be on Mile High Sports Radio with tonight at 7:40 p.m. MT
Ok WE ARE BACK UP!!
Did you see the beer can chairs??
Can't wait for October 4th!!! Thank you for stopping by last night! Great times!
seriousness going on..
My 1st beer, Insidious IPA,raw,hoppy & fresh,I like.Look 4ward to trying more. Thanks for supporting local brews
True! -A is really smart just for that reason but she/he is getting on my nerves! lol
#LittleWhiteLies I had a great time
lmfaoo your such a jerk!
KItty, it's a pleasure to follow you. Thanks for your follow.
SOUTH BEACH PRIDE! We are ONE! ONE LOVE!
RT : You should be following
If we did an event, how could we get agents to participate?
Ooh! Bad makeup, Oprah! Not cute standing there in ATL with Whitney's family.
OUCH, I'm sorry :(
So good.
that i look gross? Lol
Omg a blind man just bumped into the sign at mcdonalds please use your stick , if you fall it'll be tragic
Fail your way to an A
#IThankGod for everything! He is my #teacher, my #savior, my #firstLove, my #everything, my #father, my #rock, my #strength, my #foundation!
:: Speedbusters gets a lesson from in how it's done -- and why you were pulled over in the first place. at 10.
Hate wen men do my pedis...they r to rough on my precious feet :-(
Doing well. I've been super busy. Settling back in though.
Just got my copy ;) RT : Spending some quality time getting to know The Startup Owner's Manual by Steve Blank.
So excited for formal tomorrow!
RT Ken_Kash_Kush I rather die making money,Then die trying to get some pussy like these lame ass niggas lbs....
mm okay
hey I need to talk to you
I love one direction
Should probably ice my ankle.......
Absolutely LOVE that the Breaking News on ESPN crawl right now is David Stern shenanigans
I try to do my english homework and i end up watching jenna marbles
Yes.Upsets me 2 think how the #GOP pulls so much crap & so many people still vote 4 them. Are they sane or ignorant or both?
Favorite Idol moment last night....that drummer during "Stairway" wow
A man is known by the company he keeps.
Can't wait for Spring, getting tired of all the snow!!!!
Tomorrow I'm going to walk my coworkers through the changes to our website. Should I use static slides, or a live tour? Any tricks or tips?
Follow me please:d Followed!!!!
I love this! Our staff in Uganda also participated in a day without shoes!
my stupid account does tht t every new person I follow so sorry
Liking someone you know you'll never get is the most frustrating thing ever.
Saw you in the film 'Salvation Road' @ PAFF-great job!
#ActorsAccess is hilarious. Spend a fortune to upload your reel, then have to pay per submission for casting to see it.
Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale has officially been added to my list of holiday must watch movies.. Yes that list is messed up, but I love it
married his best friend two years ago today, but it has been 30 years of living together.test ifttt
well with the super bowl going down the drain it's time for some real action... Let's go x games!
Read the latest blog post from BEA's Librarian Blogger Miss Julie: Author Visits to Libraries.
I'm so sorry to hear about your grandfather. Hugs!!
YAY!!! Thank the lord for system recovery.. SAVED!!
Its hard for me to be in a relationship..cus everytime I get mad I wanna fuck somebody else..im just keepin it g I know somebody feel me...
quote- "Don't turn down what's free!"- Shemell perry, love her!
Just dawned on me I could actually call the # text message came from, but see tweets from earlier today regarding my hatred of the phone.
'IDGAF' and 'TL:DR'? I call that ignorance.
The brilliance of the race tracker site for : spectators can see where Caribou coffee is on map in relation to course.
What was Chi getting at when he said what's important is re-use, not firs use?
we are a hair extension company! Get a consultation with a color specialist for the best result :)
R.I.P Adam Yauch We will always fight for our right to party!
re new PA Moral Courage chapter: extraordinary "let's get on with it" energy/commitment stirred up by Irshad Thx!
Google doesn't see your video as it is. You have to optimize it. Make use of every nook and cranny.
Woke up feeling sore.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
watching abc's very gaga thanksgiving special... not exactly sure what i am watching, but i think i really like it
yooo thankz fo followin me ! If U wanna get 2kno Me , den hit me up ;)
Currently Reading Virtual spiders crawl by to beat phobias
College baseball is amazing b/c there are no contracts, just passion!
grab a mix1 post workout. 2:1 carb to protein. Antioxidant package. NO gluten, soy, lactose or caffeine.
Their is an introvert - extrovert spectrum. Teachers need to know where students fall and act accordingly.
I feel so grown up when I make my BF's lunch in the mornings before he heads off to work! Just call me June Cleaver.
you are quite welcome!
shouldnt the GE bed have a mattress?
The one and only person I want to talk to, I can't.
tht random moment when u bust out dancin to wait for you cover by austin and ur mom is lyk wtf!! -anna
If I gave you 1million$ every day since the birth of Christ, it still would not equal ½ of Obama’s deficit spending this year?
RT A no-nonsense approach is favored and too much verbalizing or complex fantasizing is not a #Taurus trait.
Hey Everyone! Some person is posting horrible things about you...
Happy Mother's Day!!
The best way to make someone remembers u, borrow money from them ;)
Charles Barkley: Both teams really want it. Best playoff game he's seen this season
Hot Fries > Takis . All day !!
MER is a national group that has similar goals to NYCMER, but we aren't affiliated.
I miss and ! Stupid finals.
did follow you yet?
Why is Bombay always making terrible decisions in these movies?!
hate school! wish i can just be in twitter
yeah boy you followed me (: thanks
Hey Timmy T: Stay in the pocket, stay calm and hit open receivers. Don't over think this shit.
Verizon sucks. Wouldn't turn on old droid sans dataplan. Bye bye renewal.
I know! I mean honestly! There are plenty of attractive, older, and extremely fuckable girls at their shows! Not her
& I wld luv 2 C U guys beast out 2nite. Shall I say pls!!! It's about tonight
I will be one of the Zombies infecting the OCCUPY group of NYC today in Bryant PArk!! I will post pics!!
Thanks Brett! Will send later this week.
Is there any way we can send her north of the border to you guys?
As of now I don't give 2 fucks
#what #are #you #talking #about?
Excited for Balloon Fiesta? Don't forget to stop by the Balloon Museum each day from 9am-3pm for Balloon Explorium: hands-on fun for kids
My favorite word is "celestial". It's just so lovely :)
Phil Jackson woulds never drawn up a play like that
Reminded me of the old Braveland Conf. ... where Falls North will always crush Falls East. :)
get on ooVoo
Hm...I take it you won the CD, huh?!
Hi Angelo. It's his HRs AT HOME that amaze me. He's on a pace for 53 AT HOME. Maris when he hit 61 in '61 had 30 AT HOME !
": What are some of your favorite spots in Disney Parks to take a break?" Anywhere! You're in Disney! Missed u guys today!
aww, such a pleasure meeting you too!
lol making some jewelry to pay for me and Tyler's trip to Dollywood. I'm so excitedd! :)
FWIW, I strongly recommend against snorting lardons... does not end well.
RT Book and record stores aren't search engines. They should be visited to discover something you didn't know existed. - fact!
I dreamt about spotted cow last night.
Nothing to be ashamed of! Thank you for sharing the Socks & Sandals Guy love!
youtube: rob colwill. Most acoustic based music
i want a smoothie!
There are few things as decadent as drizzling Nutella over reheated frozen raspberries.
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER!
": Only 70 days until KC's biggest event of 2012: the MLB More than $60 mil coming to our economy."
Food cart nation: Don’t forget that Off the Grid @ Fort Mason Center is tomorrow starting at 5pm
Yayy and my mom got me candy :)
DID HIS THING TONIGHT
ohh.. im not a directioner so i wouldnt know what to call them
I love how everyone is freaking out that is following or retweeting them :) Gosh I love twitter!
you like it when it gets in your mouth.
<U+200E>FASET students, please ignore any screams or uncontrolled weeping you may think you hear inside student dorms. We assure you it's nothing.
I like when I get new followers, even if they aren't real people.
I'm FUCKING SLEEPING guise, stahp bothering me.
me either! <3 except, maybe meeting aaaannnd
hell yes
i just realized that the house party will be the next time me alan and are together.
whats going on?
Hell yeah Hell yeah, hell yeah Fuckin’ right Fuckin’ right, all right
In the studio wit DJ Loui and Trey!! (not beatz)
The WV Sen. Banking & Insurance committee has voted down SB194, requiring insurance fairness. Sad day 4 youth in WV.
Got big plans this summer
Tomorrow it's Friday!!! Yes I have been waiting for this day to come forever lol!
great thinking. Where do all these people come up with the money to buy movie tickets??
Dead or Alive.. All I know Aunt Gita's episode was hilarious!!
hey ! Can I come over after school? Ha just to hang out??? :P
done your turn :)
Annie and Hallie. :) (Sorry for interrupting.)
more freedom, I'll be able to make executive decisions
Great job by making sure all the #Brewers came out in fashionable order during Opening Day intros.
Haven't Been on this in a long time...miss Twitter!
Bari Sax is where it's at! OH MY GOD, having way too much fun...
AH. Can you actually schedule it?! I'll help! PF <3333
Great catching up with you and ! Such a great meeting, wasn't it? More soon on #compdb!
Shopping with mom who is humming along with "Pumped Up Kicks"
More great work by Brilliance! RT : Excited to announce the launch of FJR Consulting's new website www.FJRCInc.com
WHERE MUH PARTY PEOPLE AT?
I'm all for anti-spam protection, but these "captcha" things are growing increasingly difficult for real, live humans to translate.
Plain liver and other organ meats would probably be best.
#Infamous :) Yep, should be good ! <3 Abandon All Ships :)
RT : For Lent, I'm giving up not drinking this. — Drinking a Nugget Nectar by : just picked up a 6 pack of this today!
You can see the game at Johnny's, Member's Club, Quick's BBQ, BoJo's...
Google Trip Planner now includes new route info. To plan your trip using the new & changed routes just enter a travel date AFTER 1/29/2012
that's awesome..I'm getting better..but I still freak out when they screaming
The world can't hold me, too much ambition.
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
Haha good times? more like great times! LoL but of course I remember (:
. We just noticed your tweets on women's history! Have you also seen the #wmnhist and #herstory hashtags?
Agree on Made in USA. Republicans have no economic patriotism. Unbalanced trade with China & others is a sure path downhill for US
Faithful Elephants by Yukio Tsuchiya: Elephants die.
Keep doing your thing your gonna make it too!<3
High achievrs at "low per4ming" schls will have fewer options 4deeper study, at disadvantge when applying 4 college
#truestory it happens all the time... Sry boo... #truthhurts... Die kitten Die!?
way to go girl!!!!! So proud! That's awesome
RT 5 things CFOs need to communicate to CIOs to prevent overspending #Healthcare IT News from
It’s #NationalPopcornDay! Have you tried ’s truffle oil popcorn or ’s popcorn w/ pimenton?
Only had to pay my sister w/a latte to get her to take notes & report back what her Baptist pastor says, if anything,re #ssm this Sunday! ha
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it!
That seems borderline illegal, ketchup isn't that precious a resource to start charging for it.
good what about youu?
Houston got the blue group!! TAS, Oceano, The Chariot, Volumes, IF&F, FATS, Close To Home but LMTF for use.
that was a quick trip! I am good. :)
Otter Bag™
Fun with girls tonight!
someone's picking me up and taking me
Who doesn't have an open bar at their wedding?!?! WHY wouldn't you??
Something’s gotta give now 'Cause I'm dying just to know your name And I need you here with me now 'Cause you've got that one thing
I know right damn 6-7 dollar cards
We need to make sure that teenage girls see a bright future!
Watching The Voice,Lady Antebellum is performing and Justin Bieber is next!^_^
#dcmi10 Mike Bergman: Linked Data: preferred technique for those who know what they're doing
is Marie Callender's Cheese Stuffed Pasta #vegetarian friendly?
ARRRRGH!!!! Friday. Shooting 2 films tomorrow though. Which is going to be an experience but still beats today!!!!
There are a total of 8 sinuses -- conflicting views of what sinuses "do"
12 mins #Cleveland! Pull those one arm bandits!!!
email a shipping address to we'll send you some prototypes. Just ask honest feedback in return.
have fun
Finished off the Divisional Week with 2-2 record. NFC/AFC Championship writeup will be up this week! Go GB!!!!!
girl where u at talking about 3for1...thats too good to be true
that's not good.
watching one tree hill series finale. going to miss this show :(
Agree on all viewpoints.
Is DVD called Chuck Jones Collection that has RTT, Cricket in Times Square, White Seal. Didn't realize all animated by him
do people really care these days...would some1 really giv their life for u?? That'd only B true love <3
#RelationshipsAre lame. ppl are always with the wrong person. lol
#swbayMEGA kicking off right now!!!!!!!
I'm moving to house! Whole bottom level is mine!
Adopting a homeless dog is not just an act of kindness but finding an unwavering devotion, loyalty and companionship forever. ...
Have you ever started a movie 2/3 in and tried to figure out the plot? It's impossible. Now try an ACTION French film with subtitles.
it's too cloudy down here :(
double sesh hot yoga today! are we crazy?
thanks for your continued support and retweets.
very sweet story!
The Quarter Pounder with Cheese Sandwich likes having a friend. Good thing Quarter Pounder with Cheese Sandwiches are Buy 1 Get 1 Free!
I'll just go shopping by myself
haha. glad you had a great time!
my day was pretty great. yours? sauthuf? ;-) LOL
I also want to know if you are going to review the insect pheromone article. Cross discipline boundaries...
A total of $350 just to get my taxes done this year!
Those Ron Paul supporters need to accept the fact that now he's gone #Obama is the clear choice.
I leave tonight w/ a 10 page blog explaining what the E system is (again) and why my rumors are 100 % legit but aren't but are.
yeah, she's angry at us. Lol
good share -- lots of land mines with this sort of stuff
#madmen prediction: yes, Pete Campbell will commit suicide...but he'll jump out the window, spin, and happen to land, comfy, in an armchair.
Client interviews all day today. Strategic guidance will lead to targeted design.
<U+3069><U+3046><U+3044><U+305F><U+3057><U+307E><U+3057><U+3066> and thank you for listening! We hope we'll be out your way, soon.
I've been paying 2 much attention 2 my cricket blog and tech stuff--I'll take a look!
I have been twitter MIA recently:/
#FF intriguing individuals
#foodhubs are becoming key aggregation point for traditional distributors (so cool for producers!)
Just had lunch with Bill and Chelsea Clinton (well, we were sitting at different tables). Loved it.
Blessings headed my way!!! =D
At the airport! Way too early...
- thanks for the great post!!
Follow Friday for my Ad:Tech co-panelists:
Youu guys are great.
Finally got my mitts on a copy of Aftermath. While reading it I'm sending some Calif. good vibes to you & yours.
during the rollicking weddin' festivities last night I brutalized my toe & now it's purply & I'm limping. The trials of a dancing machine.
Only in Australia. A guy has brought a Lama with him (on a leash of course) to Starbucks :)
im down with the tuna yo - u just crack me up with your #IneedToKnow. Lol
Since Mark is not on Twitter or Facebook, I'm going to give a shout out to and ask her to wish him a happy 30-sexth birthday!
Thanks love! Same to you! TGIF!
Our district continues to be plagued with poverty and corruption. We Cannot Stand For This Anymore! It's Time For District 2 to Elect a...
hopefully it will work out. I really miss the way it was, u kicked back on ur stool. U & Mr. Leno conversing & ur ball caps.
Endless love, cause I liked someone and I just let go, yet it hurts but hurts more if I keep him inside, and not see him happy!!
I want her to read my mind !
That nervous feeling you get when you talk to someone you really like on the phone the first time.
it was so good. I want to see it again already. Let me know if you want to go see it.
Not this year! Thanks for the good words! Will miss you and the gang!
Oh shoot, I work Thursday evenings
I love you dearly, but Annie wants to do it tomorrow at 8 our time and skype for at least 2 hours!
Lol thanks but I meant on tumblr haha :P
And #SDSU falls to NC State...
would rather be watching the game in San Diego than on my couch
skip and Stephen A at it as usual
I have a friend on here who needs help with getting customers to his web site and followers. Can u help him?
Portland to #Maui air fare sale. $357 RT.
If everyone could go follow that would be fantastic! PLEASE AND THANK YOU! <3
george clooney is so sexy! shot
Qaddafi was killed by a predator missle. Having played MW2 and targeted by every one of those an opponent ever launched, I feel his pain.
I wanna play four square ):
haha my dad has one of onece my cat got in the way and he almost died it eas not cool.
They have a BK <U+E14D>
there are so many topics and debates- twitter is really wonderful for that! But for my own sanity I have to pick my battles
Thanks for the lovely birthday wishes, everyone! Even Uncle Sam had some good news for me. Much love from the Pac NW!
i was late to work this morning it was soo hard for me to get up out the bed
It's gonna be a good day, eh team? We've got this.
Big Ups to all our followers! We're gearing up for our show tonight at Jazz Minds on Kapiolani Blvd in Honolulu, HI from 9:30pm-1:00am! 18+
Y'all know hard workin criminalz
WATCHIN HOW TO BE A PLAYER UNTIL 2MA XOXO
hey, I signed up for a contest with for a chance 2 B their official #TwitterJock 4 #SummerJamz15. #Vote4Me ?
sharp! RT : Everyone, go to nwasianweekly.com RIGHT NOW and check out the slicker, cleaner, awesomer version of our site
when your ready to apologize ill be here. Not sure what's up w you going off like that, both times. Hope you have a good day
#SaySomethin IS SO AMAZING. I CAN'T. I'M DEAD. I LOVE YOU.
Cowley says website shows deal between swim body and D'Arcy - Stock and Land
Want to come to the premiere of ?? Tweet #InTimePremiere and check this out...
People say dont listen to your mind, listen to ur heart, sometimes your heart can make mistakes that cam effect you for the rest of ur life.
When your purpose in life involves more then just trying to please yourself and more about serving others then it is easier to do it - sd
-- DVR'd from Thursday on :)
In the order of importance we need: financial support, dressers, tables & chair sets, beds, bath & ktichen towels, & cookware.
If I miss this, will you post? I've bought 42 boxes of cookies from 3 different enterprising Scouts. Help?
My friend in this pointless anthro class goes- I wish I could just crawl out-
Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment. ~Dale Carnegie
I Love SinGer!!!
Happy Sunday! Here in Portland, OR we are still under cloudy skies and rain.... Who is lucky to get the sunshine today?
it's really only troublesome longer term, six days is not enough time for weight gain, mood/irritability problems to surface, etc
I miss you terribly, I hope you are safe.
The beauty of Alien is how perfectly composed it is, from the opening credits onward. Set design, camera movement, music all fit together.
Lev Grossman's The Magicians. RT Good morning! What are you reading this weekend? Tag #freshairbooks to read and share
Life is nothing but full of BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!
How are you spending the last Saturday of Sac Beer Week?
Men are failures, not because they are stupid, but because they are not sufficiently impassioned. -Struther Burt
probably riding down with Stevie
thanks ! you're awesome, like TOTALLY awesome!
yes! Great to have you. :)
When: This Thursday at 9am. Where: Your office. What: Coffee Bomb. Who wants it?
Heading down to Texas for #HLFlake anniversary show. Stop by and see me if your there
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet. - Plato
Yes it was a hell of a series & hey, losing 3 of the 4 games in OT means it was close
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
Thanks! So happy to be consorting with carbs once again.
Life itself is rooted in freedom. We are not machines, we are not preprogramed. We are utter freedom -now it is up to us what to make of it
being able to just enjoy the show as a show helps a lot. but what do I know. I was a Carrie.
MAN UP WIT YO TWEET'N AZZ....
so much fun! Remembering the hysterical crying girl?
Thank you gorgeous!
ok, great! It's a "he", will introduce you via FB.
now he's back to "yes we can"
it's your birthday? wtf HAPPY BIRTHDAY BITCH!!!!
thank you <3
Looking for that brighter day hm...
If I am the summation of all my friends I might just be a loser.
We are working directly w/the datacenter to resolve this issue as quickly as possible & apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
yes you do:) look fwd to your #SommChat questions for
The night is dark and full of-OMG WHAT THE F JUST CRAWLED OUT OF HER??!!
RT : Stoked for the Passport Party taking place this weekend at the ! Thanks to !
lmfao!!! That's really funny, its so awful xD I love making fun of myself now.
should join for our pilot launch! We love social media friendly bars. Free advertising and marketing for you. DM for info!
So if we have bigger brains than average, even less energy than average?
Ok, your free to your opinion. Do you care to weigh in on anything I said in regards to your inquiry?
stop getting smart bitch... Ima come do it in a minute child
RT : bored somebody entertain me Go ur ass to sleep
4/21: Gov. Perry Issues Proclamation for Days of Prayer for Rain in TX. 9/5: Catastrophic fires burn thousands of acres, force evacuations.
#quotes #modivation #photo Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind. F. Scott Fitzgerald
“ Not all flights are cancelled, Please check flight status prior to heading to the airport. What? Been here all day...
THERE ARE SO MANY GOOD TV SHOWS ON RIGHT NOW! We are turning into crazy cat ladies.
Just had a fascinating talk with a guy from BP about oil spill data preservation - and hes not even here for
- Got a shout out on the Nick and Artie Show tonight!! Well deserved...best analyst on TV
learning about game theory on iTunesU and processing a collection with original Lincoln Center plans...Monday is turning out to be great!
OshKoshB'gosh is the worst name for a company ever
thanks for the feedback! Working on blue gill. Try the fish tacos next time maybe a better preparation.
NEW SHOWS: 7/29-Mercy Lounge(Nashville, TN) with the Pink Spiders and 8/20-Exit/In(Nashville, TN) with Warpaint and Beach Fossils
#motivation where are you???
I guess you lose some and win some , long as the outcome is income...
#FF Great places to take your kids:
yw . And yea.
I love you.
It's a new week! So excited to meet a client tonight so we can start talking about her album!
first tweet in three days
you're with right team for preparing for mud run! & more
sadly at this time it's only available on blurb.com in a limited edition so no isbn. Hoping to have a publisher in the new year.
I think he's sad he doesn't have utensils to eat his food with
whats it about
Now playing: James Brown - This is a Mans World! On the juke box!
are you still going to vail or did you head back to Denver?
crackin this week in NYC? I'm in there like swim wear
...but at least I didn't rip off my shell! lol
both! And yes we def need to catch up! :)
PLEASSEE wish a happy birthday! :)
pink #TarHeel beer cozy? Really?
350/200 running good so far. Won a bunch of small pots and one big one. K4cc>t5cc when we both rivered flush. I had the nut.
Im the Pussy monster so throw the pussy at me
I'm rooting for mizzou because I hate ku and ku hates mizzou, so by default I love mizzou.
Great meeting with and of ! Big plans for September, and
-_- please lol“ ": Where is everybody at!?!?"u know nothing happen in Cleveland unless I'm there”
": you and me both girlfriend"i want u
Deleting Numbers !
Definetly gonna tweet more today lol :) I have homework to do tho which sucks so I'll try my best :p
Big Homer...Tommy Heinson or Jack Edwards?
up early with the benefit of john's loud-ass alarm. on the bright side: now i don't have to hear mine.
you're freakin' on fire! Great stuff...
Our Battle site was down 6 hrs Tues. Our 5/31 discount is extended tonight (Wed) to midnight. www.battleofatlanta.info June 17-18
Just saw what u tweeted me 4 days ago #awk I still wanna see the pic though!
Andrew Bennett is a phenomenal singer/songwriter! Check out his acoustic set if you got some time!
My boss took my phone and didn't give it back...
Photos: Tumbling Into the New Year
That would be awesome if they could be handheld size.
RT : Did you know? 's name has been on almost every piece of HIV/AIDS legislation
Round the rocks the rugged rascal ran
Partnering with a web design company in Cambodia for this next project. Really enjoying meeting new people all over the world!
Hope the Magic keep it interesting for all 7 games - every year I have withdrawal symptoms when the NBA finals are over.
When u around positive ppl sumthin positive gotta happen
I can hear it! I turn and my chair and it squeaks like a rusty old door being opened. I will bring my WD40 next weekend.
welcome I like chicks In of shirts
This guy at my school was scared because he had sex with a girl who has stds.
intense couple fight in the lobby of Monroe.
Thank you for the follow, George (Jones) - it's been since 1980 that I saw you last.. And you still look great!!!
ya know once ate an entire horse in one sitting and then beat John McEnroe in ping pong.
like you really finna piss me off i know you see me fucking calling you
I like digital galleys, but I have to find the right reader that displays PDF that doesn't make me a candidate for LASIK
*smiles* I am writing a book and gonna call it #CougarTales - it's set in Toronto :P
#SpotOnAnalysis RT My wife, walking by the TV and seeing the score: "Idiots." BK
Monday's are the worse. At least schools almost over. :/
- MARK! I also appreciate the support. Thank you Sir.
Thanks. That’s about all I can take for day one, but I am a glutton for punishment and back on twitter. Sigh.
i lovee you george, the first person ive loved more than hehe, justin your still part of my heart hehe, loveeyoou bothh<33
Girls who earn the Girl Scout Gold Award dedicate at least 80 hours to improving an issue in their community.
This pleases me to no end! I as well am so excited to see Barry's amazing work!
Untended consequences, really? What jack@$(s came up with 'No child' anyway?
Striking out on my own in the Big City this summer. Not happy about moving again, excited for the opportunity.
in a marketing seminar and speaker just used as an example of a great social company! Tell Dori!
Respect goes a long way
Galaxy Tab makes a great Kindle! Free amazon kindle app gives me all the books plus I can do email, browse web, play games :)
When you realize how much God loves you w/ extravagant,irresistible, unconditional love,then His love will change your entire focus on life.
Found out today that I was nominated to be on the YWCA Racial Justice Committee! Super excited to get involved!
President Washington would be so disappointed if he knew I was throwing his face on weak bitches with battered shapes
If April Fools and Opposite Day ever line up on the same day, my mind will explode.
#Corzine is a
I can't wait for prom tomorrow to see all the bitches I hate with ugly dresses on.
That song hot problems just get stuck in your head. Hot girls we have problems to we're just like you except we're hot.
Spoiled baby! lol It's ok. I'd do it to.
Gator!!“: Would have been better if Shabazz had stayed home RT : what are unlv's chances of landing Anthony Bennett?
I have no idea, I think I'm going to hang out with Allison
If you are in Manchester New Hampshire, The Glenn Miller Orchestra has a show tonight at 8pm @ Saint Anselm College.
and if you got something to say about me mention me bitch , dont let that soft shit fool you . . . . .
Perspectives IIT Math-Science School. Problem how to infuse arts in the school.
hahah wow. ITS A LONG CORD
ha! Well I found Austin and trying things from this Texas angle, it's pretty great thus far...how's LA?
I'm just saying!
love it!!!
Sad that Tulsa media like complain when people don't credit them, but they won't credit for TPD sex report.
So you are a fan of the Kool-Aid Man?
": This morning.. Give what u want to Receive.. If u need money .. Help someone else make money."
I could say so much about you, but you know deep down how shitty you are as a person, and forever will be. Must suck.
Thank you for guessing!!
she doesnt have one but its joan she also said she dont have one :D
Two Playboy playmates just walked in the office wearing matching red sweatsuits. They look tired and used.
Shout out to my new followers @ team follow back!
Ann Rhoades will be keynote speaker at WorkForce Software's Vision 2012 on April 23 in Las Vegas. 9 am We are pleased to invite you to...
Have fun at the beach! What book are you hoping to read?
UNFOLLOW ME is just one of the
45 Degrees and sunny in Southern California
Self #love is the higher self telling the human self, look beyond that.
Listening to RADIOHEAD….does this make me a middle aged man?
Totally serious. It's what I would get if I were buying a new one...but then I have 1/8th of an acre.
I didn't think of it that way, but it's so true. Def sad.
Put clothes on idiot
Is kellin Quinn really engaged and having a baby !????<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
did someone try to hide it? :-P
RT : First impression of #wordpress 3.2 dashboard - ugly font salad. Functional impressions take longer.
love it! Find it funny you sent this to me about 12. Hours after I had a cousins sub for the first time in like 3 months. ;)
New Years is here. one more week and then time to get ready for pool season.
iman shumpert great rookie season. all these ACL tears. could be a product of short season idk
Neuroscience data geek out in the office today. Text mining for scientific breakthroughs with and
best feeling ever! :")
#edchat teach them the productive uses for technology tools. I say embrace and instruct. That's what we do teach, right. I hope
Last minute French event hosted by Laura!
"You're like a shotgun baby, pointed at my head. And those lips are suicide, but I just want to see you dead."
Flaherty should play 3B the entire time. Why not? Its already known what bill hall and Wilson Betemit can do there already.
So, how the FUCK my ex woke me up early as fuck this morning ringing my doorbell for like an hour asking me to be his girl again..
Will someone buy me a white Mercedes SUV? I will love ya forever :)
lol I'm Sean ;)
Grammy's were pretty good, except noone else won except Adele!!!
oh it also defines the internet. when was this thing published?!?!
tix go on sale tomorrow, you gotta come
Too cool. I would love to fine something like that/
An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it.
Happy Veteran's Day y'all!! We're serving up caramel apple cider for our double punch drink of the day. Come by and see us!
Can't sleep:(
I was trying to buy a few days ago and all the links were screwed up :o When I saw it being fixed today I said YES.
you goin there tonight?
cant DM you with no follow.. damn!
Becoming TOTALLY OBSESSED with steampunk. Seriously, I think I might just die of inspiration over this.
Fuck you pay me is what I told the bitch , can't eat can't sleep cause I own the bitch ..
I thought he already was a divorce lawyer. RT What would happen if Cupid became a divorce lawyer
Introdouche; The way a douchebag would go about introducing themself. Bragging about meaningless accomplishments in attempt to impress you.
It's March!!!
thanks for the RT...you guys rock
I don't know! The password was still the same, so I don't knw. That account meant more to me than my own life.
KC area, Overland Park to be exact but we had girls from all over the metro. Again, this was 10-12 years ago :)
happy birthday girl ! have a good one :-)
a joke is not nearly as good when stuttered
Nerd to be more specific!! Lol! RT : lol I was thinking more of a girl haha
is it April?! oh...its april :)
: Me too!! Until I get sick :( Lol
I'm greek
hey every1 I am over tweet limit on :(
RT : you gained half a pound....
No excuses from me. Saw this coming in Dec. Sort of wish Celts had blown it up a bit in early Feb rebuild some.
I'm really riding off of three hours of sleep <U+E14C><U+E14C>
Amen sista! Words of wisdom!
Dan Machlin: "Um, Corrie and I practiced the same poem so I'm gonna read it backwards."
George W. Bush endorsed Mitt Romney for President yesterday. We don't need Bush 2.0
FYI: If you have fed. student loans & do auto-pay, the DOE changed their auto-debit dates process (w/o notification)
R.I.P my cousin Manny Wilson <\3
Rie, thanks so much!!
RT : It is better to sleep on things beforehand than lie awake about them afterwards.
#ImSingleBecause I can't stop jamming out to music in my room
And that's a wrap. Bummed it only took 4 hours and 15 mins. What to do with the rest of the day?!?
Thanks boo <3 I plan to come out soon... idk when but real soon... xD
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY TO MY BESTFRIEND Hope you have an amazing day.. And weekend! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Never been to Tiffany's before
Tonight's HBO / Cinemax double feature - Little Fockers & Hatchett II. (There's a mixture for ya.)
yes I am!
WAT IT DO....DID YU STAY AT DOUGHERTY AFTER I GRADUATED
is a fast driver
so cute!
Dear Montana, your Chicago ads are good spend. I want to drop everything and #visitMT. Wait for me! I'll be there as soon as I can!
I think Lisa Gail hits all the high notes...
Overheard: "You know you in the hood when somebody tries to offer you two 6 month old pitbull puppies at 9 in the morning."
Today thank you for today
Agreed. RT : initially I read it as dicks,not clicks. that was funnier.
2nd major change is e-filing in SCt just 6 wks ago on cases involving 3 govt agencies. All documents are word searchable. +feedback
Trouble neglects you angels protect u
Umm, I think the congrats are better going from me to you this wkend! V. sorry to miss it, but evry1 loved it-not surprising!
#freshthursdays and then
We are not Mexico, thankfully.
You don't even deserved to be slapped by me. My hand is to good for your face.
Key lime martini??? Oh man that sounds good! :-) How was it?
bcuz ppl wan 2 protect themselves from bing hurt #HardToLove its always easy 2 say u dislike someone it doesnt involve fear
Thanks for the RT :)
This weekend I thought I had gained weight because my stomach looked larger, but then it was pointed out to me that my boobs are shrinking.
Big thanks to for the love on Street Sounds yesterday!
Visit or updated INTERNATIONAL JOB BOARD. Free for all applicants, no registration! Hundreds of companies hiring! www.joborworker.com
RT are officially amazing!
Beliebers Are Excited For Boyfriend..yeah! :D.
We went and checked out last night. We definitely enjoyed their diminished ham jams. Hopefully they'll come play in TN with us!
I have to paraphrase these words from Janell Monae "it's always been about the music. everything else is everything else"
Tonight on I REMEMBER, Bill Streicher & Chuck Boie discuss the Mitchell Gallery of Flight, a museum located At 6:30 on MPTV 10.
Afrolicious was off the hook yet again last night!! Thanks to Candelaria for bringin' such a tasty blend of styles and the amazing crowd!!!
We need y'all blessing on #NEW SINGLE "HEAD AZZ" thanks for the mixtape placement
"Art is very much like being single. 'I like you, do you want to come home with me?' It's like that."-- (cc: )
yes my bouts of despair are short lived thanks to rubrics
Can't wait for the new episode of tosh.0 tomorrow! <33
You totally figured me out! I'll try and not be so ostentatious in the future, lol
U gave yo niqqa most of yo tax money to flip it... Even tho, he fucced the money off the last two years in a row. #DatsLuv Lol!
Ok you're a goon what's a goon to a goblin???
sorry.. not feeling too great tonight :( we will make this up on cinco de drinko??
Do you have cat art prints?
NYC! Congratulations on paperback edition! Miss You!
I'm allergic to fuck niggas and slimeballs, and y'all be keepin dem fuck niggas around y'all
Does anyone even realize I'm online..?
Good day at #WCAF looking forward to a little R&R out on the town in
enjoy your asterisk championship this year
It's funny how people take you for granted till poof... One day you just disappear #ThatJoelTreatment ;)
you are so bad
RT : must be in tha kitchen cooking up that crack 4 ur azz. What til we put it on the block. Crazy
guess who added an message me today !
Nice. I've driven past that place a few times. The El Rey was pretty cool - good venue for a Gambino show, definitely.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 24
Does anyone know who created the American Museum of Natural History iPhone app?
2 weeks until pitchers and catchers report to #SpringTraining... The countdown to #OpeningDay begins!
we have that for kids that signed up for it. I didn't do I screwed up ha
I just had an interesting experience on bart culminating in me threatening to call cops. Lucky I love you haha
only one word to describe this #springbreak weather
All nighter with ,
Laptops for Kids & Teens will run from 4:00-5:30 today, due to the dance class. We hope you'll be able to join us for both!
It's national Tell a Lie Day. What's was the last lie you told someone? (Don't worry you're safe with us:) )
chapter title?
RT : "No"? That just means "ask someone else" ;-) #Charisse'sWorld #"I'mpersistant
any idea when it's coming?
#iLikePeopleWho help other people
~ Next Saturday would be a good time to rob a bank in Kentucky too.
Why didn't the iPhone guy make water proof phones!!!!! :O i so would've bought one!!
Thanks to the #FGCU student for returning my phone. I had fun chasing you around the environmentally friendly campus.
'if you're homeless, you never feel safe' - interview with client discussing support services and housing through SD County
OH no! That's a brand new #computer!!
* me and running up a hill * Jamie "Whoaa!" Me "NO! Dont make any noises!" :p
It's all Michael's fault
I just got a Twitter error message. They've replaced the Fail Whale with the Failien.
Advanced Mailing Services of Albuquerque, New Mexico is a full service mailing services firm. 505-899-3104
Wearing the same clothes as yesterdaay
follow This guy! Taught me A LOT of stuff on bass... Even tho he plays keys
President Obama *didn't* send just 30,000 troops. He *tripled* the number of troops through several escalations.
I Hated That Shit Hole To, I Hate To Leave Asap!!.
I see we've gone over 400 FB followers. Welcome and please join in!
Always stand for something
having hate for a radio show caller is just fucking sad
i see how twitter is changing the way ppl draw attn to others in emails & fb... am i gonna be twitter txting soon? we shall see!
3 days of type sorting later and we have made it most of the way through organizing 100 drawers of type
Funny story: Shot photos and followed Wilsonville's Juhee Lee for a few holes today at district golf. She came up to me after and said ...
how was ya day accomplish ya goals for th day?
There's a half-finished building across the street, and I very much want to chase Kelly through it and have a Cool As Ice-style montage.
Do you, or anyone you know, take the water taxi to work?
I'm starting to get into #Google+ a bit. Looking forward to their business offerings.Any tips for making #G+ useful?
please everyone go follow he is so nice and he would really appreciate if you were his 1000 follower. do it....... NOW
big fan Scott. You and Rocillo know so much more about sports than Cowherd. Keep up the good work!
RT seriously, y'all really need to follow for his independent, dogged reporting on
Now I aint judging, Im just saying, quit putting on a fake look.It's a problem if people only know you’re a Christian through your Facebook.
Bet you didn't know: Liposuction gives you better control over where you gain weight in the future.
Oh Snow days... You've given me so much in my life but why have you waited to let me experience Californication? :-)
So beyond bummed to hear about Donald "Duck" Dunns passing.
ok..and stop eating so much Chinese food
Thanks Meagan! Much appreciated :) Hope you like the rest!
#sca2012 And now: Nancy Enneking at Getty. Recent initiative to define needs and implement program for managing born-digital.
where is my little Quinta. We missed you last night.
I'm working club ambrosia
Just finished lunch at Gino's East. Definitely a must-hit spot for me in Chicago. Of course, I have left-overs. Who wants some pizza?
well let me know how much the tickets are
How does USA like playing in Canada? I thought we were friends.Canucks cheering for Czech
Next: Kara Hadge of the British Council about the role of Social Media
We're hosting Thanksgiving at our house this year! I guess that makes me head Turkey carver. Traditional and Cajun fried!!
Im just livin 1 hell of life!
Without having a goal, its difficult to score.
you're hilarious. I just remembered...we were supposed to have a beer in November. Double jerk? Nah
Slay dragons.
ahh love you too gurliee! RT i love !!! <333 and im so glad to have her in my life!!
If i put my mind to it and get aggresive ill be able to do anything('x
I don't want shit to do with you , get out of my life.
I kno g jus had to ask
if anyone has an old 3gs or something they won't miss, let me know. i'd love to take it off your hands. at&t.
I wonder what my friends are up to this weekend?
haha me too! And no problem guys, love ya! :) when ya comin to MA (or PA for Kat), btw?! :p haha
Getting ready (w/ 40 other women!) to make a vision board. What will be on it? :)
You should be! haha Oh how I miss there buttered muffins...
So good to see at #DSum12! Haven't seen u since Neverland. ;)
are you going to Indy Metro Football Coaches Clinic tonight? I saw one of your coaches is speaking!
Just the stock 18-55 and an old 80-200 that I had, so I have lots of room to improve upon. Thanks for the advice!
WASS GOOD BOY BOY LOVE U STAY SUCKER FREE EVERYBODY AINT REAL MUSIC AND FOOTBALL STAY ON IT IM ON DECK
Thanks David! Are you coming to the Actor's Embassy party on Monday?
in the lab with and readie cookin up a banger. see yall on espn.
I am not handling this well. No wonder doesn't like watching games with me.
Not gonna lie, I read it out of idle curiosity. It's epically awful. I can't believe anyone reads it unironically.
I'll try not to disappoint! lol
she also got into Berkeley, but ConAid in CA sucks!
happy Wednesday to you too!
Remember - in life you can have things FAST or you can have them GOOD. Rarely can you have both. Quality is the key. Every. Single. Time.
Do you have a #Hawaii ID? Call us! $99 Kamaaina rates (based on availability) April & May INCLUSIVE of daily resort service fee. WOW!
Looking out my window at this beautiful central Indiana day; may I say this has definitely been the Best Winter Ever?!
!!! RT : Why is it that whenever I poop, the toilet clogs? Ugh
(cont'd) "love lust tire leave--wed fight leave hate--sleep wake eat sleep--child boy man corpse--touch kiss tongue breast--" (more)
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. ~Einstein
DID I MISS IT
Donors, like their investor counterparts in the for-profit world, are looking for results. Donors give to see positive change!
hahaha yes. I'm the one with red hair NOT in glasses. I'm the vocalist! So glad you watched that haha
Obviously Barack & Michelle Obama personally arranged Secret Service prostitutes in Colombia.
nice site.
One City Mile makes its debut in Richmond playing alongside Before the Machine and Strike The Chord and Burn- Canal Club tonite Doors 7:30
You know you own your own business when...1 am EST is not even close to bed time. <3 working on !
You can make a U Turn anywhere in Florida
#Actors - When auditioning don't play the obvious choice. Make a choice that stands out. Even if its not what they want, they'll adjust you.
lol. is he saved?
Suicide is such a lonely and desperate decision. It's impossible to know all the factors that cause someone to make that decision.
He just wanted you to taste his strudel
you're right- I thought they were red from the pic, but just checked out pi in flickr .com and they are orange!
Seems awfully fixed, but with that said. I am already in the plus and have 2 months left on my Membership.
where you at?
Day. Over.
THE MISSION is to nurture, cultivate, and promote art, music, culture, sustainability, community, and non-profits in Las Vegas. Join us!
Sure, I can do that.
#CONNECTsocialmedia this Thursday for some new training, staying ahead of the marketplace.
Love braising me some greens...
Just had to do something I haven't had to do in a while...turn down a last minute gig at The Rave in Milwaukee tonight.
Ack! Can't old-style RT within #SeeSaw?
Just finished my first set of phone prompts in a long time. What a wide world is #voiceover work.
Now Hiring... Customer & Channel Sales Promotions Manager - Louisville, KY www.brown-forman.com/careers
You're welcome! I will take a look and get back with you on this.
Assumption wins Northeast-10 softball title
Guys, this could be really serious. Has Jeff Bagwell ever denied being a child murderer? How is he not in prison?!
Two more weeks of school and then one week of finals. I can do this. Maybe.
RT : So Much Gwalla, MONEY! MONEY! MONEY!
it's still in pieces. We will see what turns out with a little hot glue and some creativity.
Awesome! Good luck!
Great win for the Chicago Fire!!! Is wish I was there tonight.
#dontyoujusthateit wen d people u use 2 b cool with last year just walk past u this year without sayin hi or wassup
Maybe Build-A-Bear Workshop would be the only place that would hire a fourteen year old... Hehe... Might actually be fun...
another day another dollar
curly. Duh.
Hey Marie, now following! I have a show idea that I'd love to email or DM you! ;)
long day at work i had 201 notices im in need of a massage anybody available ?
Love the Banksy photo's. Great!!!
Stat of the night: What's closer than Mitt's margin of victory tonight? 08 Iowa Caucus: Romney-30,021; 12 Iowa Caucus: Mitt Romney-30,015
We<U+FFFD>re all superheroes with the power to be playful, fluid, flowing and evoke the God/Goddess within us
First big update coming from on Mon. Lots of new features, some bug fixes & better content. All based on initial user feedback.
Yeah, Andrew WhateverTheHeck. It's gonna be hard to get used to another guy after Maguire
indiana dryvit contractors in indiana, dryvit repair indiana, eifs contractors indiana eifs repair, indiana dryvit, indiana eifs, indiana
Today's scores 7-3 over #Inferno and 18-2 over #MuffinTops Good day of softball overall :) ready for tomorrow! :)
I hate it when you're trying not to cry In front of someone, but as soon as the ask you, "Are you okay?", you lose it.
my body is starting to become so sore from sleeping on this hard twin bed. i long to be back in my bed, snuggling my pillow pet
#GoTribe Going to miss the game today but I'll be cheering at work!
That moment when you're so tired that you are afraid to fall asleep... Cause you're not sure you will wake up on time...
im 6 foot bro
im more ready & excited for your new album:)
What episode was it??? This is the most motivating show for trips to Goodwill, EVER.
“: Summer Goal= Meet some new people” hello!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways return your messages and calls .
Baltimore all day baby!!!
My episode of General Hospital airs the 16th @ 2pm on ABC // 10pm on the Soap Net !!
he is smoking Malboros collecting a check somewhere.
missing you tonight.
Nice! All the way till the last week of the year! RT : booking talent on the 21st of December. Woo Hoo!
Time to clean the kitchen UGH
oh i wonder how many teams will be chomping at the bits for timmy!
To look for a home with an in-unit air conditioning or swim in my sweat, forever -- that is the question.
Blown save when Wandy gives you 8 innings of 1 run baseball. Are you kidding me? Ugh, Astros.
Food Truck Stops: October 19
Jason smith wants to play for the Mavs so bad he even scores for us.
it was 11:00 pm, but now it is 8:36. I want to see you again too!
Aw im bored its raining and im hungry..!!!! Even though i jus ate BOY AM I A PIGG..!! Lol
just got in from work I'm not watching the heat I'm a BULLS fan But u cool
amazing! You???
My shrimp tasted like Ooooooppppsssss!!! Somebody knocked the seasoning over in it...
Downtown exploring and dinner on the riverwalk with my man <U+2764>
Thx for the RTs on tonight's #HHAwards with Kevin Spacey! !
Johnathan Joseph is ranked 73rd on the #NFLTop100 and they get Blaine Gabbert to compliment him? He deserved better on both counts.
#nplead One important aspect of a high quality leadership development is that there is constant feedback provided
Mandy Moore - Candy (Lyrics)
My bro thinks he is getting the iPod tomorrow.
It's looking like a whisky and cigar night tomorrow. Any takers?
Heat need to tighten up!
Keep making NorCal proud!
#IamAStanBecause we all fall down like toy soldiers
that was a psshhhh cause you know I'm really a gangster hahha
Off to the groundlings to act a fool :)
haha no I didn't see it but I'll go with you
One day left to watch an entire category of Ryan Gosling Movies on Demand!
Nerd rap: Math city bitch, math math city bitch, math city bitch, math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 equals 50 bitch.
RIP Meow the Fat Cat :(
Reuters--launch took place 7:39 local time. Stay tuned to Biz Asia America...we'll have extensive coverage starting at 9pm EST.
What a Rainy DAY!
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends in the United States of America!
Yea. Just created the twitter account, so I'll be posting stock shirts shortly!
At #DirectionsNV2011. learning lessons on Technology Econ Dev from NV innovative neighbor to the East.
RT : Absolutely ridiculous #Diamondbacks fan got kicked out of #Rockies game for throwing HR ball from Rockies back onto field ...
At least we can stop talking about that bullshit save streak.
The way we talk and the people to whom we talk creates, sustains, and sometimes destroys relationships, organizations, and communities.
#genomesolver #curenet dave micklos shows cloud computing feature of iPlant that allows you to do things real time that are mind-blosing!
All thesse boys•
Have any plans for Sunday? Stop by Lake Claire at UCF for the Knight-Thon Spring Kick Off! Sunday, February 12th from 11am-3pm.
Glad you decided to join in the fun! Honestly, I pick the location I need to complete from the book ;)
Healthy Mind, Healthy Body, Healthy Finances. I want it ALL!!!!!
Sitting on the back porch with a smoothie and me doggie. Kale, spinach, grapefruit, ginger, apple, and cucumber. Yummers!
"There's nothing, but NOTHING in this WORLD, stupider than a LIBERAL" - 17th Century Naturalist.
Yup!Same with u..!and whatzupp?
Mall Or Movies 2morrow Who wit it? lemme know
Oh the irony.
Sascha Lewis goal: good quality culture can impact people's lives. Positive moments slow time.
coaxing, flattery, or artful talk
Grindin.... You so far behind it
I'll be at #stopmakingsense tonight at The VIC. Hope to see you!
Mamacita que necesito ? soy abrio , thats all the words i know ,Margaritas & microwave pizza's ..best frieds you are my fucking best friends
Imma go to sleep tonight dreaming of Lincecum throwing angry birds at the Bushies ;p GO #SFGiants !!!
pretty sure I asked you that everyday we lived together RT : RT : Do I need a jacket?
he is, though he doesn't go outside so he enjoys it through the screens.
Some days end the right way...not sure what the right way is exactly, but the feeling is more important than the reality!
Great defensive possession. Doug deflected a pass, Jalen fought over a pick, Tray showed on the pick & Pat forced a bad shot + got rebound
Yeah Tee
I am dieing of a slow terrible disease called
The trick is to not think about it and then when you're done, think about how cool you are
yea, i liked his weapon
I learned from HAHAHAHA
Twitter. You fail when it comes to getting me my mentions -_-
would love to connect our 40K fans in the #yyc to your events. Young Guns = Mass Armageddon.
need a new vocal mic. any suggestions?
Now! Now! Now! Now!
Sometimes I wonder if the people who intentionally put bad information on Wikipedia are just bitter encyclopedia salesmen.
I think I'm officially obsessed with #FrozenPlanet. you with me?
Happy 100th Birthday Fenway Park!!!
Ask me about my new line of greeting cards.
And besides he obviously is somewhere you're not.
sorry about the car... hope you're ok
Why go and talk behind someone's back?? If you have something to say then grow up and say it to my face. #immature people <<<
At least the #Braves , #Falcons & #Hawks got something in common .
Baby tonight I'm yours.
damn if I was home I would hella take care of this matter for you! Lol
Busy! Dyslexic kid looking for recommendations. His dad actually.
ANYONE suggesting 87, 71, 58 or 29 be traded needs to spend 5 mins in box with Engelland &/or Asham. Don't be stupid. Letdowns happen.
Nothing like a warm L.A. day to make ya smile! Happy Tuesday!
presenting Leveraging Technology Today to Drive Your Business Tomorrow #pbc12. Session in Lyceum/Carnagie in 10 minutes!
thanks for the add Elena!
It's game day .... A must win for the
First visit to Case plant in Racine. Awesome!
So much drama, in such a little night. Amazing how some people can be so blind and senseless. It's all so unnecessary.
WATCHING KIDS THEN WHO THE HELL KNOWS
I'm so glad I've never read the phrase "You Are What You Tweet" on my Twitter feed. Thanks, everyone. You're alright!
"All these blessings will come on you, and overtake you, if you wil listen to the voice of the LORD your God."~Deuteronomy 28:2
I'm your biggest fan!
I have seen your Videos on youtube, and they are amazing!! You have a true talent! dont let anyone tell you different :-)
just live your life, you will have plenty more boyfriends
AFAIK, best #chatbots used to be based on regurgitating past interactions or limited subject matter... That still true?
What is there to do today?
Wow, US Airways charges $25 for booking a flight by phone... anyone know if that kind of "luddite tax" is common?
“ #Leo - Confident”
When I was 21, it was a very good year.
new Celtic away kit is bad ass. All black with hoops
Thinking about #Challenger . How can we again capture kids imaginations about space without the govt investment science & education
you can post undie pics though, I do it all the time!
Why wasn't that a goal?
Great drawing of Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber!
Stoked for it bro! RT Art Dealer Chic
Well Britney's name outshines Demi's entire career so let's not go there.
Us too! RT : NFTE Chicago is excited to partner with to develop a pilot financial literacy program for CPS Schools!
Power on the cheap is always good and let's face it, Dunn can't possibly do any worse. If wrong
#Healhtip: Just by switching from a bad lifestyle to a healthier one, one can expect to add as much as 14 years to theirlife
Interesting to reflect on the "intelligence" of the collective social phenomenon described in collaborative research
hey do we have any mail? I'm at the Blatz now so I could grab it.
I wonder if the top 3 gets a line somewhere like idol finalists get record deals. I hope so cause all of them are so talented!~
lol that's cute. & yes ma'am, i'm always down to run especially now that it's summer. i have lots of free time
no need to tell me twice
Putting together information for next year's officers! Don't forget the meeting is today at 4:15 in VLIB 201.
Warm weather today and it's snowing... Ashes! Yikes! :(
all those colors?????? Even the dark? You know my favorite thing to do is make blondes into brunettes
got to love the ernest movies!!!
The has acquired about 35 boxes of 18th-20th century city directories from New York City, need a bit of repair
Love the dog vs. pool video!
hehe howdy partner ;)
Make Sure to see the 3D showing, its way awesomer
“: if twin females marry twin males, and they each have a child, will both children look alike?? o.O Mind=Blown” hmm...
When I have children I’m gonna make them watch the movie “2012” and tell them I survived that.
When I get my stir fry back with pieces of food I know I didn't put in there -___-
Bitches love to stare.
_!_~!. G1 BLOWING UP CLUB MATRIX ON SATURDAY...SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Happy Valentines Day My Fashionista's!
CASTING BEAUTY QUEENS SEPT 26 FROM 9:00 TO 1:00PM IN TEMPE AZ LOOKING FOR ALL AGES pass this on
Roll Call: Who's registered for Summer Camp 2011 already?
But jst to let you know my BestFriend Devin is on my profile somehow & hes tweetin that fuck shit its not me!.
(And I say that as someone who doesn't have an iPad and has to pay his roommate to look at my work on the magazine. -M)
gonna quote songs that come on shuffle...ready set go.
Let's challenge producers of #HungerGames to put some of their profits to use protecting children from use as Child Soldiers.
Team Ninja White Out is going to be in full force tomorrow on SJSU campus! Don't forget to vote for White Out!
FYI--Previous five tweets are reports from breakout sessions.
Is this Hardware Growler telling you that? It tells me about random devices/volumes (dis)connecting. I think it's a known bug.
Wednesday overnights: Fox down but dominant; Healthy season-ender for Criminal Minds on CBS
Please tell me this god retreat is a joke
I came. I saw. I conked out. What'd I miss?
Watch Sunday's Packer game 1/2 time food is build your own taco bar. Happy hour prices all day.
Hey world, stop!!!! broke a nail. Smh
laziness its my middle name.
No great thing is created suddenly. ~Epictetus
If a snow boot falls out of your closet and hits you on the head and no one is home to laugh at me.... Do I wipper in pain or ice it wit ...
I am looking forward to reading your son's book.
I was thinking shot copping that colorway after watching him run in em. I cant get behind this whole gitd phase everyone is on
My brains leaking no form of stopping. Burned from memories lost in confusion flings. Had my time of living fun now fun is with me smoking.
thank you for the inclusion
Listening to this game on xm. Let's go
lol oh okay well thanks for puttin me on now i kno
Are we done with the severe weather? has your forecast at 11 on
Looking at my ass again...
So beautiful outside after all this good rain. Need to churn through my work so I can get to the garden and plant potatoes.
On set with & ! (Live-streaming today at 11am, Level 3 Members tune-in!)
Anyone going to Vegas memorial day weekend?
I bought red pants just like Louis!!! And I have suspenders :] Just waiting to buy my striped shirt ^.^
i want to follow me on this account. :P
Walker campaign says more than 33,000 jobs created since Walker took office, unemployment rate plummeted to its lowest since 2008...
THANKS, GIRL. TRY NOT BEING A POON, MAYBE? =)
I only speak truth haha
stop clicking links. No one wrote a bad blog about you or has scandalous pics. ;)
that's very sweet of you all! I wish I were there hashing things out with you. Let me know if there's anything I can do!
The awkward moment Zayn has longer eyelashes than a girl with mascara on.
Just woke up from unintended but more than welcome nap :-)
your comment filters must be broken. you're not facilitating discourse; you're stirring up hate.
"Civilizations die from suicide, not by murder," ~~Arnold Toynbee British historian
Just Had The Greatest Steak Ever.
Philly with the sprite spark award..
you could ask nicer than that.
Air & Space Museum! Wish you were here!
I need sleep
Don't talk about it, be about it!
is Dr. J really your godfather?
Thank ya sir! Roger that. RT : i like your music style keep it up
Do we really have #freewill or is every action & choice just a part of a #predeterminedfate, a reaction to events that happen around us?
Remarkable: After hiding out for two hours, Chancellor Katehi walks to her Lexis past a silent crowd of students.
why should giselle hang with the other wives she is not a groupie she makes way more money then brady does
I don't see life no other way but lovely fuck the stress god got me
Dear spellcheck development dept, I'd like to service you for messing up my texture. I'm sexing your manhood to comply as well.
I can literally see the water under my skin.
#Badgers will play two night games this season: Sept 15 vs. Utah State and Sept 29 at Nebraska. No additional night games will be scheduled.
#TKAM is a favorite. Grew up in Monroeville, Alabama, hearing stories a/b Harper Lee and the filming of the movie in town. Enjoy!
At widespread panic tonight. I don't know if i like hippies that much...
NOW Following HELLO SISTER!!!
Honesty and Integrity in all our dealings is the primary component for the success of Health Insurance of Florida.
Dorrell's relationship with Petrino gave her unfair advantage in hiring process. She was 1 of 159 applicants for the job.
A cat burglar stole money from Austin Pets Alive. Police r looking for person responsible. Details at 5.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin! Always have, always will be a #Patriots fan!
always had :)
that didn't make sense
This is something. Thet test trayvon but neglected 2 test zimmerman.
Lmfao don't worry about it
Last night was just too much.
book 3 is amazing. Covers so many questions.
I bought an I-phone today. Let the app-downloading begin!
Teacher's pets <<<
so you know that just means you're getting old...
About to watch the Timberwolves-Blazers game on Get to see some of my favorite players in the NBA: Rubio, Aldridge, Derrick Williams
It's always good to connect with a fellow writer. I hope Friday is treating you well!
Sleeping in contacts..
Lol at you....what makes you think that cussing at me is going to make me want to let you out of the parking lot.
Great to meet you as well!
Love these kind of nights
Hm fouled up Mother's Day gift to mom. She said they're resending it and issuing me credit, but I have no confirm of latter.
Lemon haze will make a hippopotamus cough.
even when we're not friends, I still always care about you <U+2764> the jokes we make are hilarious & you can still sit and be serious
I Swear #Spang-A-Lang has magic healing properties
Happy Mothers Day! We love our moms!
hey Justine can you follow me
By his 4th year he plans to have a super laser built in the Everglades.
RT : features Tomokazu Matsuyama --great exhibit I highly recommend!
- thanks! Love you! Smooches!
The immaturity of people is gettin out of hand
I haven't been this hungover since 'nam
A lot coming here shortly. Keep your eyes open
Aren't you struggling with millenial membership ASTD? Stop referring to us as "them" and maybe it would change. Move fast and we'll be here
5 TT's about oh yes I love my boys <3
"interaction is the goal" for twitter -
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. - Bill Cosby
Soon to hit the road for Birds of Paradise paperback tour! Anyone managed to find a great little carryon / rollerbag they'd recommend?
Tweet! :D
“: need u to slide by #FirstFriday my birthday bash” I'll be there!!
is that why you get more head then shampoos
Yes. ABC coverage is awful. And they didn't cover the arrivals of A-listers like Gwyneth and Angie like E! would have.
We are discussing photography, reality, and truth: one of the most common misconceptions about a photograph is that it is honest
ahaha i do what i want. heres ya lunch
Dear School, There should be less hours of you, & more hours of sleep. Sincerely, Everyone.
why is it that when I play one of my better games, we lose?
What do you mean you can't ask Siri? HA!
I'm so bored. I think I'm going to sleep early. Goodnight! xx
hell yes. We are so cool!!
Oh hi trav remember your little guy friends from UW....love you friend!!
Just missed the number to win tickets to meet :'(
School was ok
your sister. Not much of a fan
from a party store...it's plastic ;)
7/22/93 My 3rd show, 1st two setter. 2nd set felt completely rushed. Tweezer>Walk Away was about the only thing memorable for me.
360 Trying To Get The Taxi Driver To Acknowledge That You Really Speak Japanese
Politics use to be so boring in MN. First we elected a professional wrestler Governor, now this....
& "knuckleheads" “: . Translation: Bealefeld's exhausted”
People I Wanna Punch. Go. (Taylor)
I must admit was extremely cute in today's vlog. Not that I don't find him so everyday, just today he was more fab.
Haha ": whitely cove baby! King ranch deer all around...and good red fishing too. #bluffrat"
i just love the name
Lets hope Big Show chockslammes Big Johnny off the ledge just like he did to KUrt Angle back in 2004. #raw <OVER THE LIMIT12>
oh gosh, security is so annoying! hopefully they lighten up a bit....maybe
Happy 18th Birthday to my daughter enjoy!!! A grown ass woman now!!! Love Pop!
facebook is on its death bed closer to death
Yes, most definitely; I will be sure to keep in touch! Commendable work you're doing! Will spread the word...
New favorite Kaizen sushi roll is the Hot Night roll!! You make all kinds of noise when you're eating it!
Final meeting of Jones Point Park construction liaison group May 1, 7 p.m. at Lee Center, 1108 Jefferson St.
poor homeless guy outside work earlier. some old lady bought him a coffee and burger. so sweet !
I'm going to dyke it up tomorrow for my
not creepy at all o_O
weird! all set now...
oh no bby this isn't about you omgksnjdhdv
I found a 1D poster in a mag i bought for MB , aha , ironic right ?
#FollowFriday Superstar Sisters
Loved my orange leaf date with !!
*Sigh* I have to start looking to submit! Once I catch my breath over the summer...
for the follow and support Robyn keep cheering for your favs and check out
here, there, around and no where. Ha
no you don't
Don't wanna be here. Don't wanna go to work. I just want to be lazy
looking forward to tomorrow.
See my answer on to: How do i prove retaliatory eviction and what is a reasonable amount to...
Forced to be able to say what you really feel -.-
Agreed. RT ": Sometimes I think there are too few stabbings."
I Don't Juss Love BTR Because Of Who They Are, But Who They've Become Over All These Years. Still Four Normal & Humble Amazing Guys <3 (:
Seriously, fuck off. I need to leave here for the night. I have no patience.
Happy Mom's Day to all!
Oh California, how I've missed you so!
I don't know when the Windows registry became an issue on OS X, but I feel I should apologize sincerely to Macphiles everywhere.
well im going to logg of talk to you all tommrow bye bye and goodnight :-)
Q1: My mechanic is at the shop I bought my bike. I figure if they sell them, then they know how to tune them.
Well said. Simplicity is always more engaging. (And easier to remember.)
yeah its about 5hrs or prob more because I live in east gilbert.
I'm a lil irritable....
Gaga I love you! You inspired me to write and record some of these tracks. No need to reply, jus a holiday gift from me to you!
At the Young Leaders of the World Affairs Council of Atlanta Networking event at the W Downtown Wetbar| with & Derreck Kayongo
Google Alert - Katy Perry ~ Da 411 On... Katy Perry
How late do you serve breakfast?
I know my roots (everyone does) however I do work in Chicago media. Hope you're well.
Thanks for the Friday follow love and the retweet. ~tail wag~ Tweet on <U+266A>
RT : I love JUSTIN :-) He baffles my mind every time I see him!
please follow? i love you so mucho
Ole T.S. never lets me down. Also, a guy called Les Murray called poetry "a zoo in which you keep demons and angels." That is pretty great..
Art washes from the soul the dust of everyday life. -Pablo Picasso
"I have a dick on my face don't I."
It doesn't matter where,I don't care if people stare!!(:
I wanna run over a referee on "accident" lmao
Nice BG guys!!!
This night can move right alongside Fridays as a popular evening to go have fun with friends, and meet people.
RT Check out #ALLIN To End Homelessness on the American University Quad from 12-4 to learn how you can help end homelessness!
I can't get out of bed..... Even though I wanna go to manipulations lol
I used to follow him on twitter...always tweeted a bunch of nonsense. Quit following...
Can You Follow Me For My Birthday Plz Plz Plz & Say Happy Birthday To Me ???
i love to please everyone, or at least try.......
ok. See you inside! Haha
"On a scale of one to P. Diddy, how badass do I look?" :b
I will send a dm to adam I think he will enjoy it
yep yup
Red & White doesn't look good on you Coach! Nice of the Reds to recognize what you and your staff, kids did this year!
U Smile I Smile .
Oh hahaha. I've seen a picture of them together a few times, but that's about it.
. and the same people that criticize Bo now are the same ones that criticize Bret for "free agent" qb's
cant wait to go on our cruise!
Dear BCS: Get the top four teams, have them play each other, winners for the title. And to hell with the Rose Bowl.
#FF for career assistance
so 74 degrees in miami, Florida :)........ and 36 degrees in silver spring, maryland...... hm. lol :) so glad im not home right now.
NGA is lower, 1.6% but growing each month. Also around 70% iOS but that's dropped slightly
do you have a rough ETA on the Mission theme?
Oh man I love Otters and how they eat their food
It is really easy to draft a text message and send it to a large number of people making them aware about updates.
The hunger games was good but not like I imagined but I did love the characters all the actors were amazing
!..~-. NEED INFO FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Apparently, is back!!!
Game of Thrones
My dream is that would follow me
<U+FFFD>Advocacy is the newest kid on the marketing block
It was a year ago today that I left a abusive relationship. My life is so different, and I thank my family, friends, and Michael. I love you
They all need to be public sheets and if they are using Apps for Edu accounts, things get hairy
tonight everybody free til 12>>Reserve Lounge 723 Main St Houston, Texas/ ladies 18+ guys21+/ 5$ margaritas all night
2 followers away from 600!! Help me out folks :)
I am glad all the fans showed up and dressed in blue...Oh. Nevermind.
im tired of it
ps. Going to RC game on Monday night.
I'm rung for secretary of RHA 2ma
Busy day! I have spoken with facebook advertising and hootsuite in the same hour
Only two more days until the Fall Opening! Friday the 9th, from 6-9 PM at The Visual Arts Center!
Heres to you heres to me the best of friends we'll always be but if we are to disagree to hell with you and heres to me.
Thanks, , for being so reliably customer-friendly!
France is nice to but Prague is the place to go visit lots going on there.
When a grown person decides they need to tell me a ghost story, I just say in my best spooky voice "I'm so bored!"
East Bound and Down tonight at 10 on HBO.
: Is it admiration for the promise of youth, or is it ageist? Should age of author be a factor in judging books?
RT “If you smile at someone, they might smile back.“ -Author Unknown
Less than 6 inches
Just saw #oomf tweets...& my response to that is; i will be that "some one" you need :) ......seriously though <3
I showed an “emotobook” to Shannon not too long ago and she kept flipping to the abstract emotional art. I think I got her hooked. LOL!
remember the titans <3
Loves making rainbow bracelets. :D hehe. :3 ^.^
SOMEBODY is #checkedout. I can only come to #flankhappyhour until about 6 so we'll see!
awww <3 i look forward seeing u too!
my twiiter has turned into a social networking site. but i love it. (:
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE IN ALBUQUERQUE HAS ISSUED A TORNADO WARNING FOR CENTRAL SOCORRO COUNTY UNTIL 3:00 PM.
What were some cool, unique or funny costumes you saw over Halloween?
My notebook is her mother. My ryhmes is our children. My album is her father. My flow keeps her going. Grammy is grandpappy. My mic is lady.
Lone wolf Ashley
#Mary Frances Berry accepts her award .
turn wifi on/off... also, on a mac i realized i had forgot to hit "apply" on the systems pref. frame after adding the ip
Get to work with the great tomorrow! I plan on directing him completely in Russian, so as to not show fear.
Doomsayers fast readjusting positions: Roubini on August 31 said 60% chance of recession in "2012" -now says depression risk is "huge". Duh!
very true im sure the first of many still along baseball season ahead.. oh and we can agree to hate the red sox too lol
Also tonight, : The Burns w/Spinning Whips and Paramount: M83
m, Akron Family...
Thanks for the #ff! :D
Working on a media plan.
I got a tight window... That drive to the south side my kill me... Good lookin tho
Thinking about going to the #gunshow in
Back in Chicago it's 49 degrees. Here, it's 83. WINNER
People change, I've learned to stay to myself! :/
"There's a couple of you guys, uh, that your current living situation is going to change." - Mike Leach
It's really annoying when a cop blows through a stop sign or red light w/o their sirens on. Should be setting an example.
"you know that cavalry of humans I told you about? Yeah, there is no cavalry. They're all zombies."
What a Perfect Day. No better way to start it than by coming to Blifferts Customer Appreciation Party. FREE LIVE MUSIC, FREE FOOD! C'mon by!
Awkwardly, random tweet..... Hahaha!
In Syracuse for the day for some more product training
Got a interview $$$$ Nice...
Thank you, #AndyRooney. I might actually get to writing the letter I owe you.
thanks for the follow when twitter decides I'm worthy of following more people I will follow you!
I dont even make sense
I'm not excited for anything and thats what snuggie's are for! That's what i'm styling atm!
I feel like cooking.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Due to the brush fire in Fitchburg, it is requested that people avoid S Syene Rd between McCoy Rd and East Cheryl Pkwy.
who has the time for that nonsense?
are you at the office?
why did you call me
Agreed, very sad about Whitney. What a waste.
Monday May 24 the new Bachelorette!!! !!!
love u KD
For Outstanding Male actor in a supporting role... CHRISTOPHER PLUMMER!!!
": no cappuccino today?? :))) lol" no lol just Orange Juice lol feeling a little under the weather
Guys, is ripping on and I hate it when my best friends fight.
cant sit in this house anymore. need to get out.
Lobster hostilities lead to boat sinkings in Maine
why a surprised face? Lol
You control ya own destiny.... n da shit so cliche but so damn tru "@ the same Damn time" what u put into something is what u get out of it
Thx for being the MAN 4 my camera @ Access SoBe House, bro. GR8 shots of u & friends. Should hit some hot publications.
Caught a sneak peek of a certain new tap system in the EV today! Can't wait until we release, but more important, until we taste test!
Yep! Coming to the party tonight?
Cover yo' plants, people. RT : Freeze Warning early Tuesday Morning. 32 ovrngt for Omaha, some areas colder.
IBM Awards HPC Components to University of Kansas - HPCwire
hey stranger! How u been homie?
Thank you!
are you good?
I'm Craving Buffalo Wings 14 min Crispy and Hot
Make sure to follow Steve and Jesse on Instagram! and
damn it stinks then bol I smell pussy !
With our old tape library and network setup, a 60GB restore (for Voyager test server re-image) took over 2 hours. Now it takes 22 minutes.
thank you and it was nice meeting you too!
Michael Vick has taken some big hits in the last 2 weeks
Who needs more food for the Superbowl? We do carry-out at ! 414-431-1119
still a key 102/1 artist.
Psh, thanks for putting on a great event for a great cause! :-)
has a broken phone; debt collectors, angry ex-wives, and telemarketers please call now!
Sounds like a wonderful day "A little sweet tea, lovin, and sunshine can heal anyone up just fine #FinestLadies"
There's no way I could ever deny them eternal happiness through marriage. I stand with and support gay marriage.
What makes you think I'm not?
LULZ! Totes love you both! xoxo :-*
Take a deep breath and hang in there.
#ImThatPersonWho make the best out of nothing
Thx bro. following now
Great interview with at with love ya'll
Debt is stopping you from being successful and doing what God has called you to do.
My sisters babysitter takes forever to open the fucking door!!! My patience is running so low today.
boyz+are+back =
26 yr old is not the Business, but I sure as Hell will be celebrating tonight!
Dude! I'm in the same boat! So #annoying!
Sometimes you gotta call em out.
lmfao probly ive watched some before everybody has a stern confused look on there face
come on get on it! cc:
Catching up on #smash replay
Mabby escaped too. We will be seeing her next Thurs. can't wait!
": It's Going Down Tonight... Friday May 11 Mixtape Release Party 618 Live On Waters 618 North Water St Milwaukee WI"
Yes, please do! We'll have some #Indy adventures!
GoodLuck to my wifey at her job interview today.
You'll have to come east NE 37/Broadway, worth the trip RT : on the Westside? Looking for a good Chinese restaurant
Wow, that's some good company. Thanks! RT : I read
HELL YEAH!!!!! it does
'All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.' ~ BE that light in someone's hour of darkness
Like when teachers think an entire class "hates" them because of one upset student. Nice example, thanks.
I'm making brownies too! They are almost done.
Skipped an open-bar(!) company Christmas party to sit with the edit. #filmmakersarentallowedsociallives It's starting to feel like a movie!
Saved Me <3
shout out to you! you aren't cool if you're not following him! so might as well follow him!
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
watching nba
Good day everyone!!!!...
;p lol alexis i knew who this was.lol. i was just playin with u
TATI SAYS THANKS FOR ALL THE FAN MAIL AND LOVE SHE IS RECEIVING FOR HER SONG LOL
RT New Edition Tour with don't miss it!!! // CHICAGO IS GOING TO BE READY
I'll forgive but I will never forget!
Can you be more specific? What song will fit after Zappa/Peaches? (I'm lukewarm on BR)
is going to win the National Lottery this week. I know that because I'm going to spend $20 on tickets. That makes me confident.
Yeah. specially the one at the nipple.ouch!
Took my box over to my new desk in ILL today... looking forward to joining that office and learning some new stuff next week!
Sounds good! See you here!
ima try to.. my mama b trippin wit her shit
That's the motto "As long as my cousins love it its live let it fly fuck it"
not yet, but you needa tell me everything. Lets meet up soon, yeah?
There's no point in burying a hatchet if you're going to put up a marker on the site
Real shit happen to real people!
Haha I might have to check it out :)
You know your a g when you look at your bank account and the united states deposited money into it. :)
couldnt agree more
#ThatOnePersonWho who`s breath is ALWAYS not fresh
Pussy weed and alcohol is what I'm thinking about
: I'm filling out a work comp claim and I can't find the box for clogged arteries. Can you come help me?
Yes!! RT RT : all for not > Naught, actually.
So-more Shadow People story from random people I meet everyday now-really disturbing stuff...
Thanks for the support!!
Big Monday is in Austin tonight for #Mizzou v. #Texas. I heard Holly Rowe has already tried to slaughter Bevo to get her some grade-A steak
Yes, it slipped my mind, ok, Good Night, sleep well.
"Success is the best form of revenge." -Jay McGuiness.
Ouch, #io2012 sold out in less than a minute? WTF?
lol go sleep mongrel
Wow. RIP MCA. End of an era.
At the tufte seminar on presenting data. Amazing stuff!
Im live on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,,,,INBOX ME ILL SHOUT YOU OUT
cont...VEKS-3,...and many more!!!..4-10 pm,.PLACE GALLERY, corner,of MAIN AND CHARLESTON,..LV,NV!!!!
what's good bro? The music don't sleep!
anyone wanna come over and entertain me?
maybe you can have your original request as consolation :-)
As of rite now I really don't like my momma she starting to highly piss me off
“: BIG SHOUT OUT TO kelso varsity!!! Especially and the boy !!! Great job boys” who r u
Word of warning...it looks like my account has been hacked into...please disregard and delete any 'questionable' messages from my account!!
and I are finally done bluffing our way through #472 papers... the book is slowly closing
Stay tuned at noon for our interview with writer , Tweet us your questions and comments for him
fuck yeah ! awesome interview!
Jennifer is simply amazing. Fabulous tribute to Whitney.
Now that the Guthrie has been covered, which LORT theaters deserve the most kudos?
Making a fanbook for the boys when I meet them in May. RT if you want to be listed under "Follow These Directioners" (Must be following me)
that's it! I'm kicking you!
The Signature L features a six inch longer wheelbase for increased rear seat legroom
Whoever has power to say yes or no, those are the gatekeepers for
The Todesverkündigung just makes me melt every time ... Luisi, Dalayman, & the orchestra sound incredible!
no thanks
Okay hint of advice the more you show yourself and get videos up the more you get noticed!
Happy New Year!!
Is Jessica Chastain trying to take the redhead role in Lari's Angels? Your move, Amy Adams
I have enough money to live comfortably for the rest of my life, If I die next Tuesday.
Teachers, you give me alot of homework,my handwriting is so sloppy its almost unreadable. Sincerely, deal with it.
What are Dave, Chain and Boyer up to these days? I listened to you since very beginning - Dawn Patrol.
Old Thinking + Old Habits + Short Term Viewpoint = Predictable Consequences; Old Thinking + Old Habits + Long Term Viewpoint = Potential
What time is the show!?
#Myperfectguy someone who always wants to hug and kiss me. At the right time.
Libraries seeing a different type of job seeker since economic downturn.
Listening to the 1971 underrated classic Badfinger "Straight Up" while getting some drafts of voter guide statements out...
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. ~ Scott Adams (via )
Just finished Tony Hillerman's "Sacred Clowns". Fantastic book -- He was a great writer, may he rest in peace! Still have 2 on the shelf...
In SD with my boys
Awesome! I love ziplining. My family did it in Costa Rica! Fabulous experience!
NO! At least I know for sure 30 Rock has been renewed for one more, final season. That link didn't work...
I didn't say it was awful! I just said I'd rather spoon my eardrums out than have to listen to it for more than 3 minutes.
Totally new website. Totally new book on #Kindle. Check it out. www.traceyperger.com
My Baby Carlton Called Me Today, I'm Gone Have To Call Him Back
We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult.
That is, assuming that critics act as a sort of representative voice of the general audience community?
I beez in the trap
Someone is running late so we can't hand out media passes. No names.
QUESTION: How many true heroes have you encountered in your life?
So the Tevez 'RIP Fergie' banner is trending in the US as indicating an ex member of the British Royal Family has passed away. Oh twitter.
Don't DM about how I should "check out your new song."
What do a tick and a liberal have in common? Both are parasites and must ride on the backs of others to survive.
wat grade are in?
#MoviesWereBestWhen you didn't have to watch 5 minutes of commercials before seeing the coming attractions.
Dear heart, why you gotta break? He's just a boy.
Tlcfree2beme/put a few celebrity sub stories behind yours and you can sell it:-)
Listening to the #EDUCAUSE webinar on the GA State Copyright Case
Second to last day of school! woop woop! :p
nothing much bored as well :/
Thank you!!!
Want a great breakfast idea!? Spread whipped creamcheese on the everything or seseme parmcrisps! All the flavors of a bagel and no carbs!
Feherty's show right on
Mondays suck!
just dug a splinter out of my hand with my other hand. bleeding, but satisfied.
you sd tell u gd morning
My dad was protesting having to trade out the burnt orange for crimson & cream. Mention of blue & gold = end of discussion.
did she says hi
Were you wearing overalls, too?
There wasnt wifi..fuck liars got my hopes up
JaVello reacts 2 sh*t like violent diarrhea resulting from explosive alien babies.
swear to god im gonna tweet you every single day till you reply :) <333
Anyone think that Diana Ross is wearing Krusty the Clown's hair? Lifetime Achievement award overshadowed by crap hair & wardrobe.
I'm glad I'm not a hockey fan bc y'all make it seem awful!!!
Hate you? #Noway I was just drunk n let a girl answer my texts for me
Why do people hate Tebow, the guy's magic. Won't be able to handle the man Brady though ! haha
This draft is shaping up very well for my franchise
Can't believe this bitch posted a pic of herself giving head on Facebook!
bad move!
"Mirna, loved the post <U+FFFD>some oldies but goodies and bunch of new ones too! Great job"
Which one I ask. I am always looking for talent
Kinda lame. W magazine touting it's front row app for fashion week but it's not available yet. Coming soon. So is the recession
Drive by death threats, with
Now more than ever I am convinced that HTML5 and mobile web are not the future.
At the yof board meeting. Just inducted Sudy kudva & Tyler Ronald. Glad to have you guys!!
Everythings about to change tonight. Bring it the fuck onn.
I could go for some pancakes rights now!
hey boo boo
Listening to 1969 SGA President talk while Smashing Pumpkins 1979 song plays in background.
thanks! Hey you best be coming out to the block party!
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. Pablo Picasso
Writers: The correct way to publicize your work is not to spam people asking them to "let me know what you think" with article links. Thx.
"Are you telling me these banker schmucks lost $5M of the Mob's money?" "Dumb fellas, huh? Unwise guys." Happy Friday, Dimon.
Raw cacao nib, golden raisin, walnut trail mix for breakfast
I'll add you to the list.
im slackin on checkin my DM's! getting on it though sorry for the late replies....
A warm welcome to admitted Bruins on campus today for Bruin Day!
You're awesome. Thanks so much for your time! I'll keep stalking your calendar in hopes of a face-to-face meet-up soon!
Social media is not a megaphone. Step down off your pedestal and INTERACT
and a lot of electro :-)
“ Now, 5 Easy Rules for Online Communities. (hint) Rule #4, Don't be an Asshat. #140MTL”
I thought Kobe was about to pick up Gasol and swing him at an opponent.
NAPA Gvrn Cncl to have meeting on 2/23. Will discuss plan for GC meeting at #SfAA. Pls share key topics #NAPA should discuss and work on.
Yes, we are very saddened by this :(
missed being at #SOBCon and all of you too!
Old Guys with Nu Metal Tee Shirts
I would eat a sandwich!
Suggestions for a cheap laptop for my folks...mainly internet, solitaire & printing recipes. Help.
~Humpf, I just spent my Saturday lost in your blog. Humpf~
Like a boss
I'm tired and lost, I don't want to be found.
I can stream perfectly on my PS3 as well as watch my blu-ray movies. Are you still holding onto you HD-DVD's :)
Where are you located dude?
anytime i am following u can u follow me its ok if u dont want me to ?? plz reply back to let me know
- Thanks for the # shoutout. Having an awesome day!
You two are absolutely smokin' hot in your Cannes shoot! Any chance you'll offer signed 8x10s? ; )
I mean WORDS WITH FRIENDS
What? U've never seen a silent movie style theatre troupe or drag kings? Sat May 26 is ur chance! n
I wake up everyday genuinely giddy to get to my desk and start working.. Do what you love, love what you do
please... tell me more.
word!!! T.G.I.M. Thank God I'm Mexican
good morning:-) I'm on my way to work, to put in some hours on that clock! Hope you have a great day #Bestie!
Her mom was Jane Mansfield!
You better believe it!! Are you?
remember when sung You Belong With Me? omg. the things i would do to that boy.
RT : Here's what we're doing, people: I offer you free GOTHAM-themed booze and books. Enter your book club. I hate thirst....
ahah may we forever die of laughter:b
ya! Practice was great! Have another one scheduled for tonight.
Happy Birthday love
video conversion struggle day... oh maine
"Insist on yourself. Never imitate."
yes I can't do it no more cause I haven't baught her nothin in a min
Russell M. Nelson~ We were born to die and we die to live. As seedlings of God we barely blossom on earth we fully flower in heaven.
Bleach stinks !!!!!!
- validation complete! Follow me :)
Getting ready for the Superbowl? Superbowl Village opens this Friday, how are you planning your studying to make a trip to the festivities?
90% of Catholics ignore the church's official position on birth control anyway. Why the fuss?
RT : This week on #MotoChat we're talking about protective riding gear. Join us Wednesday, April 4 at 1 pm Pacific Time.
End of the day
is a #FAIL on #HBOGo three movies and streaming died on all.
will you pls do a presentaion for newsroom after #kipcamp? Sounds good.
why is swedish shit "better"? tv selling the "Swedish diet". What it do: 2 drinks a day. Yeah because swedish people don't eat ya kno?! LOL
After CP3, our series MVPs are Reggie Evans and Eric Bledsoe. I'll just leave that in your brain for a second...
What was the Yankees payroll in, say, the 1920s compared to other teams?
Y RT : Had this Anthony Hamilton CD on repeat for almost 2 weeks!
Happy Ray Allen's back, hope T-Macs ok though. These injuries need to end!
Sen. Risser in red beret working the crowd at reclaim Wisconsin rally.
you goin' for the champs right?
The Force is with you.
wearing my Nirvana shirt today.
someone can't be apparent lol. What castle?
happy birthday from all of us in Venice and ... be sending you "Life" this Friday.both versions
If you're in the WP area check out from 4-6PM, 2 veg sliders and a beer for $7.50. Awesome veg restaurant if you haven't been!
everyone should learn about the wellness industry and how to transform from the pharmaceutical industry and get off of drugs
Commercial locks
The 2009 American Religious Identification Survey: # people claiming no religious preference almost doubled from 1990 (8.2%) to 2008 (15%)
Rest in peace Nate Dogg..
RT : The quickest way for a parent to get a child's attention is to sit down and look comfortable. (Lane Olinghouse)
I actually called u this today around noon...
what you Guys doing! (:
Happy Australia day
Happy New Year! Let's make that resolution of a better relationship with your dog become reality!
Santa can't use coal...outlawed by the EPA. North pole now superfund site.
I look deep into my soul and ask: should I or should I not watch Rain Man? www.thehighlights.blogspot.com
Aww! Thank you so much! You're the sweetest ever!!::hugs::
where was my invite! :)
I'm not sure, I'd be happy to send Anna my answers....
I sit above the visiting bullpen. You can say 'hi' to your pitchers
“: #NoManShouldEver make eye contact with another man while eating a banana.”
Time to take out the trash on Facebook today. Hopefully it will bring me under 1,000 friends lol
Back to PHX tomorrow....good couple of days meeting with some quality people. I'm so lucky I am allowed to pursue the career I've chosen!
my wife the culinary fan girl LOL
Sawa living.... Pregaming and dining before this HS game. You know. Haha
#purerelaxation #satisfaction. Jealous.
i wanted to get it:)
Nothing new, nothing old.
About to whip out the GoPro, you know what that means!
that should be me hahahahaha
Something is wrong when you are eating ricotta cheese out of the tub like a wombat
Party Time
AWESOME TO HEAR!!! RT: Just confirmed with my team captain, Can't wait for '10!
Got Prince!
how about tonight? Lol
Thank you to everyone who came out to the groundbreaking this morning! And thanks to the weather for cooperating this time.
Happy Friday #FF and Best shows on MTV never a dull moment! Have a great weekend!
Unfortunately, I was tied up last night. I hope the show went well!
it's gone b special. It's most definitely going on Homework 2
We're doing a show on domestic terrorism. Tweet us the ?s you want us to answer. Spoiler Alert: We can't define "terrorism."
also because of the student #loans going on the books to make the #banks look better than they are?
Is your dj this evening at Area 31...16th floor terrace at the EPIC Hotel!
we will have a new variety pack box very soon. contains 2 "goat's choice" selections which are most likely our seasonal beers.
RT I'll act my age when I'm 69
Beautiful day for a swirly treat!
I want nanobots that live in my intestinal tract turning waste into gold bricks.
Did you party this weekend?
I think I'm inlove with you.
have done :)
haha! well, my teen librarian soul is in the minority but I think we all agree that they can be damn fun books to read
Awesome! Congrats to all the new Honors College Graduates.
Matthew 5:18 For truly I say to you until heaven and earth pass away not and not a dot will pass from the Law until all is accomplished.
How'd you fare? No power here. Minor damage to dad's roof in Chesterfield after a tree fell.
is going to Philly, PA for the 2009 American Association of Museums Annual Meeting...I'll be back in Dallas, TX on Monday evening.
I'm glad Twitter made it easier to unfollow people by just clicking their names. :)
: Of course! And I hope that your weekend is mcwonderful! ;)
sik designs by the way
not offended. prefer #geographer, but i am .gov
What up Doe
Burnt BLT is unappetizing and demoralizing.
Are you going to be using the Aaron Sorkin West Wing Minor Female Characters playbook?
kissing a chick with music playing in the background is fun as hell
you guys r going too? I can teach u what we learned :)
Money is the anthem of success, so put on mascara and your party dress.
Ask Tone how he described Pryzbilla's "lower body" accident on the court tonight. Hillarious!
"What do you want for your future? Would you run if I said you? Would you chase me if I did?"
Excuse me miss can you spare a dime .... Uhh, no ! In broke as fuck & you smell like piss.
; you totally do. only time you stop is when you sleep. :P
Pro athletes have it good. Play sports, huge salaries & get laid all the time
MAKE IT HAPPEN...
bed time prep time? Thats a thing? I'm so screwed when that baby is born.
Will this be the last playoff game we see played with these OT rules (team can win w/o other team getting the ball)?
CRG -- I bet you shop at Urban Outfitters as well. So #corporate. Represent.
have u been drinking? :)
thank u. Anytime man ur da best!
I know you got pull. I see the On Deck lineup but not the schedule. I gotta plan! Make it happen Bernie!
I'm down!
Woke up about 30 min to an hr ago and can't go back to sleep.
ugh #tired !!
Until you can be thankful for what you've already got, you won't be thankful no matter how much you get!
This looks like a great opportunity.
srry it seems like i tweet u kinda randomly and u dont even kno me lol so im really srry bout tht!! :/ kay well bye
Had this one in the line-up, Omar. Great minds...
My 700th tweet goes to the Mahomie Family, and Mama Mahone Hope my 700th tweet Gets Favorited and RT'd by AM<3
#TwSIG TweetDeck and HootSuite are two ways to manage twitter. Roadfeeder to capture tweets. SocialBro another one
well good luck !
"I slept good last night." -____-
1/2 Price on all the Bottles on the Wine List today and tonight!
Waohh! those #shit really looks good but seems to be photoshoped #dame !!!
Just got back from 920mile trip to OBX (Outter Banks) NC. Shot estimate 5000 photos! Holy moly.
I'm at the point where I'm ready to #votecthulhu2012 we don't need the lesser evil anymore...
Carrot boy is back nigga!
Trying so hard to get more followers, come on people follow me :)
Awe I look like your neck? That's precious lol you're "Precious" lol
Looks like we have a competitor... Retweet followers so we can get more followers!!
Tonight's the night! #DCDrinkUp at King Street Blues in Crystal City starting at 6:30P! Who's excited!
No. But I'm intrigued....
Perfect timing. Switch over & I catch 2 goals in literally 5 min... Pretty awful defense on display here by United, though.
Fellas, ..LOL...I don't care how fine you think that babygurl is on your FB wall...YOU BETTER DO THE KNOWLEDGE (GET THE FACTS FIRST)......
Feeding Baby Bitis
NCAA LOCK of the Day - FLORIDA+10 @ OHIO ST. FLORIDA guards with the addition of Rosario will be to deep +10 LOCK IT IN !!!FLORIDA +10
I'm ~2:15 and Steve is ~3:50, so both Green corral. 5th race for both of us, but I don't really train, though, thus the slog!
for real like there are other sports lol
Just had the yummiest shake from Sonic. Thank James!
im on my way home(:
Wats hannin ...were all the ratchets be at lol
All day in the apt. doing HW isn't so bad if you are reading "The Book Thief" and expecting the love of your life to come home any minute!
Here at the awards. First award -- New Student Organization goes to: SU Dark Knight.
And finally, Market: The Weeknd, Lucid: Ayron Jones and The Way and : The Maldives w/The Moondoggies
haha "but sometimes I do."
Food Fact of the Day: St. Patrick's Day is the biggest day of the year for combined food and beverage sales in restaurants and bars.
People need to realize how much their hurting other people and they need to stop judging because you don't know what they have been through
good morning every body! what a beautiful day! I am so thankful.
Thanks for following I do hope you realize THIS #FortMyer is in VIRGINIA www.Historic-FortMyer.com
Looks very enticing!
Maceo! Mercy Mercy! James Cotton! Cotton in my ears! Ronnie Wood-seriously?! For a great cause=mo better blues! #KTRocks&Rolls
RT : She kills those blond dreads...i'm in love! · you #still that 1/10 boobie! :-)
You know you're high if the second you see a yellow light you slam on the brakes.
Getting ready to change the name and design the new Twitter background! #zapcash PLS check out the site for all your acne products
How are yal this evening
Cause this bitch don't know the history that 6528 did to the block
Bourbon-pecan pie w/ seemed like a good idea at the time. #sugarbuzz Looking forward to advisory board mtg at Emory's DiSC tomorrow.
Not going to lie, I put on my orange OSU gear when was tied for the lead at Glad to see him grind it out.
I have the worst migraine. Usually they last 3 days and this is not the time to have one. First events in the new exhibit tomorrow night!
Bears, Beats, Battlestar Galatica #the office
ritard: there's one in every family.
Today I saw some guy watering the sidewalk on 2nd Ave. MLINY
Dammit. Called 84 point total for all 4 teams for free SB ticks. Looks like 83 will take it.
I just heard the magic word.
that sly SOB. Do send pics.
What happens when people don't remember who you are ?? should I kill them ??
seeing ed sheeran today, hung out with the guy i like yesterday and we're hanging out again on wednesday, leaving thursday for california...
Merry Christmas!
" Poetry In Motion "
Happy Valentine's Day <3 !
haha I bet I could drive without any lessons :p
who do you think you are trying to tell me what to do? you aren't my fucking dad. quit acting like it
can't be any more harmful then four loko
#Ravens all the way. Strong leadership all around, a promising future and just enough history of which to be proud.
Love has the power to transform any situation; you just have to choose to be happy rather than right.
RT : Just wrote a few lines on the typewriter that's in my office chik-Ding-zip-Chik-chik-chik... Love it -We still have one!
Marketing funnels need to be carefully crafted to move your list along a path that create sales.
Did Charlize Theron win an Oscar just for pretending to be ugly?
mwahahahaha it is all part of our plot to take over the world! (of museum education at least) - we have to make CBStapp proud!
they have one in Dallas too?
Busy, busy, busy and ready for the weekend! What are you doing this weekend?
just showed some folks from another U our digital media lab on campus. Think they may have been even more impressed by the view of the lake!
RT “ Presenting to the parents of new transfer students with my DEM colleagues about services we offer and FERPA at
HOW YA DOING ???? HOPE YOUR HAVING A FINE DAY =D!!!
Thanks for the mention!RT : I'm more of a Brunch guy for that: 1) Etta's, 2) Sunflour Cafe, 3) Blue Star Cafe.
Hello to our new followers :) We're following you back!!
Thanks for the RT. Dan
If Internet marketing geniuses are so smart, why don't they try to sell something other than their ideas?
Cuz thanks 4 hooking me up!
I loathe everything about this episode, save for the thought of Heinz baked beans.
These guys are a DISGRACE!! Go after Obama, talk about Supreme Court Nominations, etc.
Do it!
just for that awesome tip-- Boom, 2 stars for you, just named. How's that feel? I know how, it feels awesome, that's how
its a chill sunday
#LAMHarvard THickerson: they run alongside each other --not either/or. Digital lets us expand access and content.
We are great for any happy hour or event! We know your upscale clientele would love a good shoe shine..
I have filmed inside prisons but have never witnessed this. Absolutely horrific.
Cuddling <U+2192> Kissing <U+2192> Biting <U+2192> Licking <U+2192> Sucking <U+2192> Nibbling <U+2192> Grabbing <U+2192> Eating <U+2192> Stroking <U+2192> Moaning <U+2192> Nutting <U+2192> Eating <U+2192> Sleeping <U+21BA>
You cannot stop the Internet.
no if victoria wrote u in spanish or english lol!!!
We at 91 playing Gangsta Bingo
Hating' on Comic Sans.
amazed, huh? I take it you aren't an advocate of the low promise over deliver strategy ...
Don't worry Justin, I only repost links in social media if I'm genuinely interested. Was just crazy that app got so many followers!
I shouldn't have hesitated on those heels! O so jealous right now!
I think mb is the most best thing out
"Its your own life live it for yourself" -NFG
<== Having a WONDERFUL day with my Baby!!! #LGBT She is SO amazing!! <U+2665>
#Republicans in Putnam County, vote Parsons for sheriff.
Good night beautiful people :D
If I ever get married I'm going to cheat on my wife with our German maid because it's understandable because it's hilarious
Noodle bar.
Beautiful evening in Atlanta!
With today's win, #Cavs only 4.5 games behind division leading #Bulls. Clearly *cough cough* there for the *cough* taking...
Kate gosslin didn't do as bad as I thought she would on dancing with the stars!
I emailed CS again right after I tweeted you, I'll let you know what I hear in the morning.
I would rather cut off all my fingers and toes with a butter knife than listen to
is staying home with a sick little boy today
i am!
Dont worry about the people from ur past, there's a reason why they didn't make it to ur future
MIAMI HEAT TAKES GAME 1 WOO
Just got to work. It's my Friday with a busy weekend ahead.
isn't that the key to presentations, telling stories?
I smell sex and candy here...
says trust is binary--you're either in her circle, or you're not (I want to be in!) :)
come on! Pigs in a blanket AND a pizza? We have a winner
Two poems accepted for an anthology, POEMS OF DEVOTION. Appearing alongside Eliot, Wilbur, Levertov, Milosz, Cummings...a massive honor.
RT 3 reasons to watch at 10: GIANT fish, a lifesaving Mother's Day gift, & super cute pugs.
what's better than following you on twitter, ernie halter's mom following you!!! :)
awmigawd i can't freaking wait.
Do you have dropbox so i can send you the video? Too large for email
Client review Friday night, then a break for a week (except evidence review from last weekends case).
Lol thats what you think but u dont know him like i know him.
RT if you can find sexy in this kmckjasdvncioamcxlkpcxmwisamkasnzxquJUSTIBIEBERiojfihqewksmxlkqwceckwjmksj
hey u it's been awhile do I need to get out the hater tech glock a MF and bust a move? Lol
Very Cool. I will be ordering some
I didn't see it as likely, just thought I'd ask.
I wish I could live free. I hope it's not beyond me. Settling down, it takes time.
Yeah...i was super proud of that Jiminey Cricket.
happy belated birthday and thankyouverymuch for the follow...
I hope his @ replies are nothing but pics of cocks.
Come have a drink tonight...bottle perhaps? :)
I need a case for my basket...
On my break I pull out my old Gucci Mane (I Smoke Kush). Very icey. Yeeaaahh!!
It would be very helpful if you could provide the answer to the question that I asked. That is?
Wish we could... life on the road - ya know?
Just had to google "Who is Kate Upton?" because what are you even talking about, Internet?
Good sushi date :-)
Head hurts and really want lunch :P Friday why u gotta suck so bad???
+1 RT Love this one! RT : Quote of the Day - Kindness, like a boomerang, always returns.
Next, Your cut
Flipping out ok. You're ten; GO PLAY WITH BARBIES OK LIKE YOU CANT DO THAT IN PUBLIC. THEYRE TOO OLD FOR YOU
42? Ha! Great answer, but I hope that's per window. I commonly run one to two hundred across windows.
Crazy theory: Adv. Baseball Stats are like the very beginnings of Isaac Asimov's psychohistory from the Foundation series.
Writing as activities - key distinction: writers often focused on an "end," but writing creates an index of social behaviors
well i sat down and tried to tell my wife about my son from a previous relationship way b4 us Phx Skateboards
Nice! He's a good guy to know. , aren't we getting a little cocky there, sir?! :) JK. You know more ppl than me.
do you eat any of the baked goods that fans give you?
Nice. “: You're listening to the wrong feed. We know how to say Junior's name #mubb”
Welcome to Seattle!
Working with people I admire and idols of mine in the audience... I will never not be starstruck. Another blessed opportunity tonight.
#Congress: “#Afterschool programs have proven to reduce youth #crime, truancy, and improve #testscores.” –Amy R.
I just finished a 3.12 mi run with a time of 1:08:15 with Nike+ GPS.
Tummy starting to rumble? Head to the Cow for a nice $4.95 lunch!!! Giddy Up The beef is calling your name.....
What day is it?
good luck Timmy! So much amazingness surrounds you right now!
does any1 else miss me???lol
But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God: I trust in the mercy of God for ever and ever. (Psalms 52:8).
Mya Hatchette the Orlando Lawyer for Old Republic Title Insurance Company is Autism bullying me - Pensacola is half-way to Texas
RT : Today was my last day interning for ! thank you for everything!
stop. #COFFEE time!
IM PROVIN A POINT!x
Acoustic Stickam show tomorrow night! Hear songs that you have never heard before:)
Great team meeting tonight!
Hopefully rain on a big audition day is as lucky as rain on your wedding day
Are you trying to get the man in trouble?
same here
Good morning. My water heater died. Even with a warranty, it's going to cost me $600 to fix it. $600 that I don't have.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>Guess who that is. Bahahaha!!
Make sure to come to TK to watch SDSU take on Utah tonight at 6! We've got $5 Shocktops and bigger TVs than Best Buy. Let's go Aztecs!!!!
We now offer FREE, U.S. Made, Attractor Roasted Peanut Suet tube samples (3-pack) for just the cost of shipping ($4.94)! Try some....on us!
shhhhhh were not supposed to talk about this... This plan isnt set in motion!!
So....did the Orioles win?
haha that guy is a joke...
Really seems like Rickie misses pitches he should be hammering way too often.
we're pretty close to Canada, so come on up. I think we can take a boat there, btw.
i followed him! :D .
I remember when I was a kid, customer service meant something, pride of ownership meant something. #Boxwire hopes to bring that back.
I am now speaking to the third IRS person, have been on the phone for nearly two hours now. Let's hope this one isn't the 3rd to hang up
This girl has some weird tweets haha I like them
It's sad because you really were the best friend I ever had.
Is that a message or plot thread? It's a universal experience but not nec a message...
Between the drugs & extramarital sex, #Colombia sounds a lot like a Kennedy touch-football game circa 1962.
3" snow in MN“: . happy transplant to DC. Love this burg, but DC locals are weather wusses. This is a pleasant shower.”
We just created a new photo
That is an excellent find!
can you die from two much lemonade . shit thats all i drink..
#thoughtsduringschool why isn't this bayside? Where's Zack Morris? When will I meet nick Jonas?
This Moscow traffic jam is so bad, people are getting out of their cars singing "Everybody Hurts" in Russian.
I wish I could be a professional nap taker or something.
oh cool, i didn't even know xD
I swear #Adele is one of the most ravishing and delightful beings to ever exist.
Did you know that there are 6 reasons why you dont need a technical writer? If you cant wait – send a request and receive the full list now
Brilliant words from Paris meeting: "#biotech is haute couture not prêt-à-porter" -- keep the quality & brand w
Cant sleep ! Uh !
#RandomShoutout to ! Go follow!!
You can email me to discuss further - jhigh at refworks dot com. Or email support at refworks dot com
i so need a math tutor
all I get is a wave??? Wow lol
“: If you're too busy for God, then it's time to change your schedule.”
Attending #Indy AMA event today: Anthem's Mike Reynolds speaks on 'Using Segmentation & Integrated Direct Marketing To Drive Market Growth'
Tomorrow is my Friend's Birthday! :) what gift I should pick? ;)
you guys sounded great yesterday! Thanks for coming out to support the cause!
I've dodged the "like every other word" bullet. The "American Girl dolls" bullet... that's another story.
exactly right! we're not doing our job, and/or not doing ENOUGH!
RT : Q9. If you could be "stranded" anywhere, where would it be? Why?
i was just telling my fellow ja rule fans that theres no need to hate because always talk bad about somebody because you speak real
How about next Friday night after work?
KEY to SUCCESS: Collaboration unleashes the power of the many to do together what none can do alone. - at
Hey Hipsters! There is a level of cowardice lower than that of the conformist: the fashionable non-conformist. -
I missed the Boyz dance<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>I will watch it at 10
Watching Magic City with Viggle Sat | 9PM | Starz Edge Get real rewards just for watching TV.
The topic of todays show is Bullying! Please share your thoughts!
Who Put the Bop In The Bop Sh Bop Sh Bop?
Going to the funny/cool/awesome shapped museum in Seattle! Expirence music project and the science fiction museum!! So fun!
Need to find a way to bring your employees together? Consider picking up a copy of my book for great tips and activities!
: journals take turns (or don't): in C: 'assessment' turns slowly, 'multimodal' micro turns; and 'students' don't turn
I have a great saying on my office wall: put the filter in the child, not on the technology.
How can they remake Arthur?
I just want to make everyone happy and it stresses me out!
By interactive, do you mean Web design, or something more general? (I know zilch about design; I'm studying HTML/CSS/JS.)
Um....linkage!
Everything at dartmouth is green, including the students clothing, notes
THE ZOO KREW x LAMBORGHINI DEE X PUCK x DJ SINCEER WILL BE PERFORMING LIVE AT BABA BUBANS MAY 19TH AFTER THE GYPSY FEST.
Congratulations Cindy Polo-Serantes - you are the winner of our Valentine's Day Challenge. You will be receiving a box of Cao Chocolate's!
Thanks for the retweet.
So, we want to know.. you have an extra tire laying around. How would you recycle or re-use it?
only follow me please :)
Im just trying to finish this up by this weekend so that I wont have to worry about it next week
there is much argawarga in the waste...
Today, whatever may annoy, the word for me is joy, just simple joy. – John Kendrick Bangs
What a beautiful day Chicago!!!
Brad's coming over.Then we're going with Alec to see Avatar again. Merry Friday. Twitter Mobile is going off for the day
Is anyone watching Larry King Live who just saw that bizarre exchange?? Who was that?
#Flyers and #Pens rivalry is way better the #Caps rivalry with #Pens... What a game!
How are you? In ur opinion (which is highly credible) what's the best mobile conference?/Which one(s) do you recommend?
m Boobs check ur inbox :)
Bryce Harper's haircut looks exactly how you would expect Bryce Harper's haircut to look.
There is nothing better than taking a ice cold shower after a long day of work.
thanks I owe you a fabulous new find ;-)
The locker pod's pretty quiet atm.. Awk
Looking forward to the social media talk for #TipsandTricks. I've got a great presentation on the art of viral marketing.
Huge THANK YOU to BOK Center for donating tickets to Oilers games and Harlem Globetrotters for our youth!
I went to sleep and the Magic was leading 52-25 when I woke up they had lost ...WTF!
Already having one of "those" days. When you're a cannibal, EVERY fight is a food fight!
Hahaha now that you mention it.......but I am more of a Birdwoman myself though I have to admit is mobetta.
We promise it's tasty ;)
both glee project winners singing what makes you beautiful... feeling nostalgic
Reality TV is killing #interiordesign w tacky, disposable, over the top designs.
your voice, i can die of happiness now.
if you build it, they will come. Or at least start emailing me like crazy. Thanks for all of your work, it's a game changer.
Not yet. We've talked about making that connection though. Do you know someone there?
i care :) forever!
Unbunked 's bed. I feel exposed.
Definitely should meet up for a drink and hear how things are going.
RT : Invest in your own property, not Tumblr, Facebook, #blueglassla (via )
So. Tired. Need. Sleep. .....goodnight twitter xo
haha everyone knows who you are le'will, no need to be so quiet
#beachboys tribute was amazing and don't even get me started about #adele. love. can't wait for jennifer hudson to sing whitney!
I feel like the girl at the bar who's been there too long...cant stand up!
We're back live with the final hearing of the #defendingchildhood task force in Detroit
To Whom it may concern. If you are one of many who are already passing the trees around. . Hit da weed for me.
What I've heard is that it's broken. And no one on either side plans to fix it. So all we can do is update status.
I'm always in some sort of a bad mood.
Just got done watching Chronicle It was A good Movie
Cheers. Have a great weekend :
I can't decide which is my favorite: the D&D ep or the first paintball ep of Community.
Come in and mention twitter and get 15% off of any lotion bottle today only...Hurry In!!! (cant be combined with any other promos!)
Everyone follow yea buddy :)
it really doesnt, and idk who picked florida to sing with her, but whoever did didnt really understand her
Im on the edge of glory
RT : Thanks for the amazing feast yesterday! cc
it was awesome, thanks!!
I think Ima go back to sleep for awhille before I have to go to work
#NYPD arresting people for quietly sitting down on a sidewalk, this is absurd.
Anybody in #Nashville know where I can buy baker's ammonia / aka hartshorn salt for #baking? Aside from online?
Not going on the field trip tomorrow.... Mr moseley is a douche.
Glen Campbell tribute is well deserved...A Beach Boy, and a hell of a guitarist, a virtuoso in fact
Re "Dark Shadows": Is there another movie based on a daytime soap opera?
This green line adventure is going to make me stop taking the red for granted, advisories and all.
where at
Absolutely. I was a player for you ladies 92-95' . Keep working hard. You ladies will get back 2 those great seasons!
Friday we will be at Habitat for Humanity by Warm Springs and Tamarus. 215 Exit Warm Springs, west, right on Tamarus. End of street.
She's sweet. I'm wild. We're dangerous.
Advertising, digital, and creative writing. The first two pay the bills, like the bills for my jazz guitar lessons :D
Nice seeing you both today!
yo i like the direction in some of those tracks ....
And the follow up for ESPN2, Union-Red Bulls. Not sure how that can be.
Breakfast Club is great when you're the designated driver... friends buy you breakfast! Another virgin bloody mary, please!
I'm sorry.
An idea is salvation by imagination. - Frank Lloyd Wright
i am following you
People need to grow the fuck up and leave other peoples cars alone. If someone were to put a 2012 rock in my car the police would be called.
ya off to the party?
Hearing stories like that is what makes this worth it. Let us know what we can do better!
We just voted for you Good luck. We vote everyday! You rock. Take that popup away from your website. To hard to enter.
We have spent over a thousand for this trip. The beach was free of course and Knottsberry cost is about 200
Do you know what would make this better? . . . Butter.
Well at least you were honest with her.
sticking bernal-side today - thanks for the heads ^
Very true! A close friend of mine fell victim to this after she posted on Facebook about her upcoming vacation.
Long day shower then bed nightt
Slumber comes to rake the/lungs back - tremble now, the fangs inside cages/ever rising to diminished heat
We're with you on that one!
what's up faker
with the ko of the night for sure!!!!
My latest album "FREE FALLING" is now available on your favorite music apps!! Now live on itunes, spotify, etc ... Support Local Music!!!
- solid producr, women love the chard and men love the reds They have wide consumer appeal.
well i'm a woman and i would be completely freaked out by it! if that counts for anything.
I'm down for whatever anytime after 3:15. You should just let me know what you're feelin' and I'm thurr.
Great job yesterday. Thanks for coming out!
seized illegal substances (pills and marijuana) found in the suspect's home. The officers overstepped their boundaries by entering the home
You must not be watching da game Lmao RT : Hear my Celtics are handling business like they are supposed to.
Thanks to all who came out to the shows this weekend, We had a blast. Was good to see some old friends & also make some new.
ouch Heather no need to get personal lol
Good Morning and Happy Monday! Did you take time off for the holidays?
The original Hieber's Pharmacy was opened in the Strip District by Albert and Ben Hieber in the 1860's! Still serving Pittsburgh with pride!
Going to wear my Dick Tracy Halloween costume to work tomorrow, we'll see if it's a huge success or colossal failure.
thanks! Lol ik it's been way to long!
#cnnnye ;appy new year and peace for everyone
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn<U+FFFD>t work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness
aw:) You're so sweet. It makes me so happy to read things like that!
.There is a dead animal decaying in my apartment. I can smell it but I can't find it. Driving me insane!
I actually talked to real people this weekend. It was weird.
Thanks so much! It will be fun tomorrow. Actually, I want to show you and Mom. Mom would describe it as "Jazzbo"
You should!
I said 25 not 5. And I said creative not techno bullshit so pitbulls 5 hits can go.
Four days in, are you sticking to your resolutions?
HOORAY! I am a frogurt fiend.
Maddie and I...mostly Maddie just saved a red headed woodpecker from Tuna...the neighborhood stealthly cat.
Good Riddance
Well, almost. Have a few more things to get done, will prob miss the start, but then watch the rest. Get em winning for me, k?
Working on a client website - Anyone aware of a #pregnancy #duedate calculator #widget? Small client project, but would love #birthing tips!
Last monday until next year
Omg what to do..
Hey everyone! A notification system has now been added. You can receive emails when someone likes/comments/follows!
i hope no one ever has to be in the shoes Im standing in right now... Worst feeling in the world.
Thank you all for your kind Retweets! Welcome my newest followers-glad you came along for the ride lol
0kc and Dallas
Check out the VIP lounge you all will get to chill in at my Single Release Party on May 25, 2012!!! Sit back & watch the performance.
golly gee. so addicted to Sufjan and the age of adz right now. soothes my soul.
out of fresh ideas Gusgus?
Writing a short story, I love writing :)
Please follow me! It would make me so HAPPY! <3
I didn't change, you just never knew me.
k! I'm following you now!
I Can Never Love U Again Cuz I Know Ur a Hoe N So Do U. U Just Don't Wanna Believe It.
Thanks for the RT! :)
RT : Who the plug or got a plug at footlocker, champs, etc?....I gotta couple plugs what u need
#first40songsonshuffle Lady Gaga - Born This Way
haha, I wasnt trying to be mean... only trying to tell the truth
And yes, I could ask my Dad but...you know.
Oh come on, #Lakers, you're letting it slip away.
Thanks Krisy! So glad you liked our SNL spot! :):)
I think I just accidentally committed myself to writing poetry.
Thank you! :)
No, I wasn't able to make it. Was hoping to was live....but....schedule too booked this a.m. :-(
sounds like Hank's playin' favorites! Ur Middle initial L for Lopsided! Xoxo
Yea man. Doing big things
Duh! Everyone knows it takes a proper *gruntsnortbelch* to get the attention of a REAL woman.
some uglyass guy someone said looked like prodigy i was Lol madd hard i almost died LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOO ''^.^"
Awesome! I can't wait to see them!!
Listening to Bon Iver, reliving the show from last week with the rain, thunder, and lightning outside. Perfection.
Promo tonight! Come out to Joe's Bar!
#realtime quoting from #drift without mentioning the book. Come on give credit
One of these years come on down for it. We've been going strong for 25 and will be for at least another 25 more
it's quiero...
wats good pimp
"Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds, cannot change anything." ~ George Bernard Shaw
I think I'm liking Bing slightly more than Google- only problem is that I don't have Bing toolbars installed so it's harder to get to
promotion, finding ppl to buy the raffle tickets, getting ppl to attend, & I need photos of me/my work. I need pictures by Weds
so loved that you could join our Mommy's night. LOVE the new look!
IM SCARED AND FREAKING OUT!!!!!!)"":
you can do it! How about a stationary bike. Only allow yourself to watch MadMen if you are exercising!
#FF as well. Seems like a pretty nice guy and when I run into him at a #Pirates game one day I'll tell him that!
Sorry, I only give recommendations to athletes. RT Any place with trivia on Fri nights?!
I'm out of shoestrings, and I think my shirt just got unironed
“: Thang Of having Family and Friends that has no luv for u...>>>> #WhenItsUrTurnUGoneShine”
I have a feeling today is going to be another long day
Right on! Always nice to be on set. Love filmmaking! Hope all goes well.
Thanks for all of your good ideas, we will be giving away something pretty cool tomorrow morning, so keep an eye out.
+ =a great dinner in store this Sat. at
should follow (:
i hope i have a kid that builds a secret laboratory in our house i'd fuck with that lil genius
yo u here??
Okay some CB jokes are gettin offensive lol its almost like he trended cause of haters
then don't watch fool!!
how did the Melrose show and shoot interview go ? Sorry I missed it but I'll be there for the next one !
what?!? Too cool.
iTriage has just announced a corp sponsorship with ! Follow them for more info about their 48 hour cutting marathon July 20-22
Alan, from another motherless child, hoping you're okay. It's hard.
#UCBLA had another hilarious Maude show last night. The Get Go and Oh Brother rocked it. Plus: I love their music choices between scenes.
hoping to get coverage in feb. 11-12. dc-focused films screened.opening night party at with
Love waking up to baby pictures posted on my wall by my gran at 2am. that's eight hours of pure humility. And they weren't even cute ones!
BUT.. what I was grateful for yesterday is my family (who I'm with in spirit), my true friends (u know who u r lol) =
fa real, u she is the truth.
1,005th tweet s/o goes to !
Karmak Introduces Business Software Solution for Repair Shops - Truckinginfo
Ambient data - information we create as we participate in digital environments
I don't even wanna consume water anymore.
do u have a # I can hit u up @
YES I WANT TO BE IN IT!!!!
...I had a seizure last night and I'm in the hospital. My son and is with me
: At least Meg won't be there with her fist flying! Lol.
Does nobody out there know anybody buying up full tilt money?
": Patriots officially Patriots signed RB Joseph Addai today." please don't cry
congrats! nice design
Triples can be serialized in mayny ways, including RDF. But basic concept is the same.
Woah? Natl Margarita Day? How did we miss that one? Oh well, we'll celebrate 2day ;) RT Yesterday was Natl. Margarita Day...
Haha! RT : Once again, having a really bad love affair with Sugar, Carbs, and Saturated Fat right now. Sorry Gym.
That awesome moment when PorkyPig says "Im about to go H.A.M!"
#ThingsIGetAlot "Do you ever stop talking?!"
Should Helmets Be Required? The Dangers of Repetitive Brain Injury
congrats to and whole team. using tilemill
its basketball way to early
thanks for following us! we will be showcasing our collection Spring 2011! Stay tuned!
is that u!?
Alex Morgan is beyond a WYF. She's a HATW - how about the weather?
I really wish I had a guy in my life right now. I wish I had someone to go home to with a bottle of wine and a night watching movies.
i want some jim nachos with rice. ;)
I'm not a "WAR is everything" guy but Bartlett and Headly avg 1.8 WAR the last 2 yrs. Plus moving Aramis mid season is a bad idea
Don't be a pussy when eating pussy
Loving the commercial during the super bowl!!
I started wearing red lipstick, but then everyone else did so I stopped
God can use all of us, but He is waiting for our willingness. -Dr. Lee Roberson
watching #GhostAdventuresFriday!!! Bad boys bad boys watcha gonna do? Watcha gonna do when they come for you?!
Powerful, thanks for posting.
Valiant effort by the Timbers to keep playoff shot alive. Didn't get a win, but refused to lose. Highlights coming up
Alright, it's that time again! Next 15 followers, we're following you back! Call us "stalkers," we don't care. RT!
Thank you to for being the nicest band ever. Im definitely gonna read some more dawkins books (:
Fantasy Golf: RBC Heritage preview A thrilling 76th Masters Tournament is fresh in the memory, but there's no rest on the professional To
Reason 10 to love the BBA: Be an individual w/ our clothing boutiques, find unique pieces & discover the story behind the brand.
My Mommy held me in her tummy for 5 months instead of 9 months, and for that I thank her. <3 I love you with all my <U+2764> Your my inspiration<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I agree with you!
Governor Walker's sons go to public school?? I didn't know! (Oh wait, it's the 15th time he's said it on this panel)
In the lab once again and just starting. It's gonna be a long night.
Are you evangelizing your world, or just hanging and scrambling words with your friends?
Next year, I'll have a REAL Biology teacher.
we dont have a facebook but we do have a facebook like page. Its called "Red Company [RED Co]"
And those that complain are the traditionalists that don't understand...they're the ones who need to be influenced.
Going to be playing with Final Cut Pro today! Anybody have any tips for a beginner?
Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again, don't make me change my mind. <3
I know! It's not our fault people are on top of these things. :)
Why do people always have to be total dicks to me then wonder why I'm having a bad day?
Well tomorrow night is a back to the 80's retro party at the club can't wait hit me up to get on the guest list
Really wish I was going to Puerto Rico this Thursday with the Crew
Wish I had a dad like jay z
I Want to Fucking Party and Get Fucked Up Man.
if so, I'm sure that their likely opponent will be offering a response…in theory, that is.
Being a mother is.nvr a job where u can clock in an out
yes! and apparently has a better camera...
Happy holidays gerlie! Hope they're joyful and full of sparks!
Everyone is so cinco de lame-o
Go cop that shit!!!
some applications learn words better than others. Type ur word into safari's search and the iPhone will learn it.
Tunisia's transitions have benefited from a great degree of cooperation across party and ideological lines.
Thanks for the follow! Am I your first follower??
Cincinnati doesn't run much of an offense
FIRST FRIDAY on the Avenue! Come check out all the cool shops AND stop by the B to have some warm delicious dinner!
Thank you ;)
Mass. House to unveil health care payment bill
My Baby Pajamas February Freebie Friday announced later today...
Having Tracy ride in the cash cab = pure genius. I think last night was one of my favorite episodes!
lol ": "Ugly :)", big head, and punk are flirting words"
I'm praying you & the team have a great day today in India today. You can pray I get a good night sleep :)
FSN Rockies analyst Jeff Huson joins The Score at 8:05 to talk about the game yesterday. Ask him a question- 303-297-1510. Listen at AM1510
Educators are discussing ways they have acted to mediate meaning and cultural issues in the classroom.
Hello to all
When guys get tardies which add up to detentions for a girl!! I'm fine with it but it really adds up
It's official Specyphi will be at the WEBN fireworks. Thanks WEBN you Rock
needs someone to skype D:
Very good. I have a friend who just moved to Korea. He does not have a 4 year degree. Will he need to do a TEFL ?
Starting the day with a quick exercise program-great for the body and mind!
Hey You: What are you doing this Thursday night? Come hear The Gravel Spreaders at 4th St Tavern in San Rafael.
keynote at #DellWorld. IT security key issue globally. 100k new threats daily. SecureWorks monitors 15B events daily.
Some movies just don't make no damn sense.
Ad Agencies: Does your internal design dept have its own identity?
a date with Adam Levine and eating cheesecake have the same results. They both go straight to your thighs
Have to remember that faculty are basically reactionary.
From the Mind of Robert H. Clarke opens Friday, July 30 from 5:30 - 7:00 p.m. Free and open to the public!
haha such a great way to see me! Being dragged out of bed by John
#BirthAnnouncement Welcome to the world Baby McGregor!
Anybody get in on the Groupon IPO?
wearing my Miami Dade basketball t shirt going to fireworks show
haha i try to be. Twitter is where I get away from reality so I try not to tweet anything morbid or depressing as much as possibl
But he'll meow really loud, and although I don't speak cat, I know inside that he's telling me to F**$ off
From Capitol command center: No change on allowing protesters to spend the night tonight, Elise Schaffer says.
you gon be at Tony room again???
Chicago traffic blows... Carpool lanes anyone ?
girl you know you want to be on planes where those uniforms are. #emirates is the best flight you've ever been on.
This has definitely been the best year of my life <3 :)
So much art this weekend!! What are ya'll making sure to hit?
Cooking Sunday dinner fed my soul with the word now about to feed my stomach
im so happy and not
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle Sun | 8PM | HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
The Blind Side favorite movie ever and best part is I met the guy who plays big mike this weekend
truthfully, I kinda agree.
We have pulled the plug on Jonny Sanchez after his 15-0 claims. Still taking resumes guys!
Can anyone help Matt? // RT : Have any #greekchat put together LO's 4 their Greek community? I'm talking specific, measurable ones
Last day at st Mary's
Okay already tired of cleaning! Lol! Headed to a crepe cafe:). Ever tried a crepe before?
I'm going to the Salon tired of tweeting....P.S I love You<U+25BA> U<U+25BC> You<U+25B2> an U<U+25C4> so follow
Justin Bieber looks like a little white Usher on
The tragedy of life is not that man loses but that he almost wins. -Heywood Broun
just 10 more minutes on tumblr then ill go to bed xD
5k I love you..
Can see Giants beating the Packers for some weird reason
RT : What an impact he made in his lifetime! He will be missed. -- David Reynolds, Leader of Metals Company, Dies at 96...
I keep seeing those too...not falling for those pictures of me...I'm an Audi and look great in every photo ;)
The best part of the hackathon this weekend might be the breakfast being provided by
babys bon iver. I want to play the piano!
Sleeper Alert: if A. Roberts can hold off E. Doucet he will have a great opportunity to produce opposite of Fitz...
well, that might put you in Columbia just in time for Baltimore Parlay 6:30-8ish - free food & drink!
. You're very kind! Look forward to meeting you someday.
wish I was going #workobligations I'd rather see an #Indians game its just 4 hrs to! & I work during the time they play
RT : I'm the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a dream.
You are more than welcome!
Who says YOLO anymore
#Tired Wish I could've slept in a lil longer. Lol. Anyway... GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!!!! Hope you all have a fantastic Saturday!!!!!
You are going to do something else "mas" in the bathroom later.
On the way here Ari???
OMG D: legit?
hey! Beautiful new twitter avatar! :)
Feeling is, yes meaning does not see it.
RT this & will donate $1 per tweet to today!
Watching Fox News at hotel in Denver- SO boring compared to ! are the best!
you got "Went The Day Well" 25/1 odds
Thank you!!!
Call me out of line and so I called you a bitch, cause you on that stupid shit. and girl tonight i`m just not in the mood
link not working...
Thrilled to be writing on my iPad. Probably replaces 90% of my laptop time.
Never argue at the dinner table, for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument
Venus and Mars.
#MyMomTaughtMe To act like a lady and have some respect for myself.
Happy Birthday! Enjoy your blessings! : )
Everyone needs to go get Malcolm X on Afro American History..head to amazon and get one..
There are these ice creams in Tehran called "meter ice creams" and it is literally an ice cream that is a meter long on a cone. I ate one.
Social media upends spin cycle: "can change the nat'l conversation in head-snapping speed." re Susan G. Komen
Just when you think someone has turned the corner, disappointment sets in again.
RT Our journey toward becoming a truly sustainable company has been challenging and fun. bit.ly/pKjU5k
Study hall today I think .-.
If the Spurs and thunder play each other it will be a good series though.
apparently my 5 year old cousin has a boyfriend named jello lmao
LOVE IT :)
:) hahaha! glad you enjoy...truth really is stranger than fiction...
Obesity is the #1 epidemic in the U.S. and Visalus Sciences is the #1 solution to this number 1 epidemic. Hmm. Contact me for details! EROCK
A great estate plan will offer you peace of mind, but it's primarily for the benefit of your loved ones. Estate planning seminars in Feb!
I know, it's incredible! So refreshing to see this time of year :)
Should be filling out paperwork, but is staring at her new Nathan Fillion Reads poster instead!
Boston Ed struggles: state decides teacher evals, closing public schools, opening charters. Divides membership.
The conflicts of social life and the limitations of nature cannot be managed or transcended.
Saw a city police sergeant on foot patrol at Northern and Harford walk up to a car to write the driver a ticket for no seat belt.
hey :D txt me sometime? When you can? :D
Oh yeah, video games and DVDs are the heaviest traffic at some libraries (all?).
For the first time, I feel like Mr. NotSoSmooth.....
I like when you tweet to fans. I'm a fan and I'd cry and freak out if you tweeted me. Please?
4th for sure :)
Yay!!! Moved into new condo :)
The longer you run, the smaller the world becomes.
depends on how well you ride your bike. ever go off any sweet jumps?
Thank you Gary. I should be back in full swing by July 4th. I hope all is well
OMFG was in the newspaper:D I remember when he was just a troll in front of a camera :P
boring lol c:
I dedicate my 540th tweet to and I to learn 540s together in June!!!!
Another perfect day with you will lead to forever. I just know it.
you allowed to have game beers on a day game?
That bounce though.
Its true people are strange when your a stranger! But that's what makes life interesting so let's get #weird!
Excited! I am a 2012 NLC fellow!!!
I bet justins dick is centimeters not inches haha ;)
Wolfgang Puck is at Los Angeles Ballet gala w/ his feast, and "Giselle" deserves this high glory. LA has ballet!
Think Ima Do My Christmas Shoppin Today....Who Want Somethin?
"Our whole life is solving puzzles." Erno Rubik
RealEstateN8 is on vacation!!
seriously this last episode almost made me cry.
Ready for two more games outdoors and on grass. Got to love "real" football and the NFL playoffs.
I don't want followers to prove I'm the coolest. I just want to see how many people understand how I feel.
Hey, I thought my weekend was gonna be craptastic, but then it turned amazeballs! #NewCLTlingo cc:
A properly designed single payer system eliminates for everyone financial hardship due to health care costs.
Q1: I'd take any opportunity to get away from Microsoft and encourage others to do the same.
it looked legit to me on the TV
You got married? Congrats! How are things?
at dinner with my family(: how about you ?(:
“: "Bacon wrapped shrimp... That's my #1 favorite food wrapped around my #3 favorite food." - Ron Swanson”
TimeWise® Targeted-Action® Eye Revitalizer. Diminish dark circles. Depuff under eyes. Discover real results in just a few weeks.
Its not always going to be a sunny day. Some days you're the pigeon. Some days you're the statue.
I'm not unfollowing you because I dislike you as a Twitter person...I'm just trying to avoid sexy spoilers of
Luv Syd, IM a Fan Of Your Show As Well
You guys coming back to Chicago? If so, we'll help spread the word.
Everytime my phone vibrates im hoping its him.. Really missing him
Titans will maul the Patriots in the home opener
I'm hungry as shit
Could my internet access be any slower today?? , is it just me or are you having issues, too?
he's in Orlando?! Why???
Visit the Gold Lot at for a demonstration with Kraft Tools.
Don't fucking lie to me. About anything. Period.
You're welcome! Yes, totally different experience but equally rich. Keep in touch.
i liked your video!! nice job
RT : Don't forget that today is national comic sans day. Make sure to send d*ck emails with a fun font!
Rangel's financial disclosure forms omitted more than $600K, according to ethics committee; we found $831K...
Clippers still fly under radar. It's hard to grasp gap unless you're here. Homeless guys ask for Lakers scores. They're HUGE.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Dead sea soap for free with any 20 pound dead sea salt purchase: Starts soon. Very limited quantities. Check back for more details.
I woke up with the driest mouth this morning.....
Who is watching #Addicted to Beauty?Now on OXYGEN
what u know about Croatia..Do u ever coming in Croatia and Bosnia ???..pleasee come here in Bosnia or Croatia :)) #muchlove :)
you're on
and I fell behind. Now getting it together to have a website that is easier to update and navigate. Lots to update now
i made it home js in time for da LAKERS game
“: go get some skittles for your dimples... jay > wayne” WeezyBaby<3
and it took me forever to get to tonight because husband only replayed #TheVoice's Anthony & Jesse battle ten times! Ooh epic.
Saw Rango last night--liked it quite a bit! Don't recommend taking any kids under 5; saw some traumatized youngsters in the audience.
what r u gonna get?
I found You can't tell a guy his long lost friend is tweeting breaking news.
Have lived in Colorado over 30 yrs, just now really seeing things in the West. Hope to see them all.
We told my nephew to be patient with a bully, Karma would bring justice in time. The next day he hit him back: instant karma.
"Gelato isn't vegan?" "Milk and eggs, bitch."
Confirm your sources, I can't find this anywhere.
DC needs to sit down
Going to my first game tomorrow! Fulfilling another right of passage for me living in Seattle. I'm excited.
tell me who gets this
Hey. Follow me? :D
If you still wanna party when you leave beamers come hang with us #nine72 afters right behind beamers
Good Saturday morning! Who's up?? Making plans today?
lol. And if by "no problem" you mean, packed to the gills, then yes, no problem.
Excited for the stretch run.. we should have some new characters in Omaha this year!
High School Basketball Team Camp had over 200 teams from 14 different states in town the last two weekends for two great tournaments!
if it make you feel better, I had pancakes for dinner.
i want to recapture the surrealness of the dream i had last night where solid mass became liquid and cactus flowers danced and shared wisdom
ur not jeep cool anymorr, trader
They laid her next to him beneath the wilow, while the angels sang a whiskey lullaby....
We just left and rolled down there. We'll be ready in a sec. Were there from 11:30 till 1:30
we are set! Call 503 225-0860 and if you can ,Send me your contact info to
I push myself so hard because you said I couldn't do it, that I wasn't good enough... so for that
I be that pretty muthafucka !
Thank u
I would song on the JG Wentworth bus but it would bug me to see the Viking come from nowhere
"That song is so old!'' Sorry, I didn't know there was an expiration date on music.
i would pay the price of admission to see that.
I'm not 14-16 but I like the "Watch The Signs" script, is it okay for me to work on it and submit it?
I'm surprised/skeptical that "most" DCPL patrons have smartphones. But love that they were first to have lib app
Hi Steve, thanks for the RT yesterday.
ok lemme go b4 i get all emotional
yeah it was at DFW, the line snaked around like 8 rows. I've never seen it so busy- must have been a bunch of flights at once
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
FOLLOW RIGHT NW LETZ GET TO 700 FOLLOWERZ SO YOU CAN HEAR OUR NEW SINGLE
It's definitely the talk of South Bend today!
I'm drinking coffee now, what does that tell you? :)
I think I heard several shots fired near 50th and NE Roosevelt just now
Can't wait for some JELLO and Nicki this weekend!!
It's Friday, yup. “: Overheard at the office from : "I can get virality out of #yourmom"”
This is I love you bestfriend
what are the odds k. Wright falls to #browns at 22?
Great! See you soon! RT : Looking forward to #cbsadmit!
Nice summation of #Avengers history.
Should be sure to check out his jobs plan. Ties education to job training to career advancement...
RT : chillin at my freinds house you? Bout to go to blue Courts
Two Roseville Boys Hockey Coaches under investigation. What District is saying on Fox 9.
I'm here boo :)
lolol. GUYS REMEMBER HIM?! He prob is mad cause Dylan's not gay and won't date him. Sorry b!
boat ride! yeah!
I didn't say anyone deserved to die (or should). But cases where an innocent is killed tend to get more attention even in Baltimore
“Nobody talks of entrepreneurship as survival, but that’s exactly what it is.” Anita Roddick
Great afternoon :) with Maggie, Ashley, , and
When people call someone gay not only are they offending that person but also offending gay people around the world. RT if you
and communications pros agree - if you want your message to break through: repetition and consistency.
You are MOST welcome!! Glad to have you "aboard"! :)
The contract u need to sign auditions is not exactly entrepreneur friendly. Greedy peeps taking advantage.
Aroldis Chapman just blew Bryce Harper away with a 100 MPH fastball.
Is twist coming back to Atlanta?
The Flawless Fashions clothing store in the Squirrel Hill/Greenfield area. Exact address on the flyer.
: you say it's too late to make it, but is it too late to try?but in our time that you waisted,all of our bridges burned down
To all those asking, we'll work some Beastie Boys tunes into Johnny Cash Friday on
Love your books!
Teuxdeux is a super simple too do list. I'll chk out What's it for?
I don't even really be texting anymore!.
Same thing right?
me! Rena4ever97 add me :)
Cl-Opens suck
So you wanna do something April 11-13, 2012? Gotcha covered..
Thanks for the referral! POWER Social Media was great on Friday, and my participants now know how great Constant Contact is!
It's the turning point for the series. If viewers can make it to that one race, the pace/character issues disappear.
3 points, baby!
Convos with my niece is always so enlightening
Chicagoland school administrator resigns over text messages
Lincoln theater tonight...
Voices in the Clouds now has more than 500 fans on FaceBook. Now we shoot for a 1000!
An average of 10 gallons of your water footprint is lost to leaks.
Hey, I know that girl! ": Here's to many more, too! RT Happy 25th birthday to today!!!"
At the airport in colorado springs, and gonna fly first class all the way to dallas texas :D hopefully there arnt any suicide bombers
how's your #1000PushupChallenge coming along?
Drinking alone is not only okay, it's fun!
Got to spend two hours watching Geoffrey Rush act like a crazy person. Live! He was very entertaining. And convincing.
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday.
Really liking the new linked in for iPad app. Learning valuable lessons about content reuse.
Just finished tattin' at 12:30 a.m. My machines spit fire like they're out of control flame throwers. Injecting liquid hottness 24/7 365.
Back to work... A little under two hours to go!
What? Ninja moves are better than most dance moves pal...
My Chemical Romance for me. Who's your favorite band?
Guys, this set for Orpheus looks like the inspiration board I originally made for my wedding.
Rise and Grind! Have a nice day. :)
and theoretically what natural phenom would unnaturally occur next?
NO ONE WANTS YOUR FUCKEN EGG ROLL KATHY!
I wish.
7 million usa homeless people too. most are invisible.
Uh oh, anything we can do to help?
his bowl cut is a tribute to
Thank you!
Oh damn :-( Hmu on fb den
heck yes....that is one awesome dude
When I wore the shirt at TLA, several people asked me what a librarian voice is. Sheesh. Thanks 4am much 4 your congrats. I miss u!
um,,, really..? id rather beat my head into a wall..
What's everyone up to tongiht?
YOU CAN HEAR SOME OF IT ON ITUNES !!! <U+2665>
#edchat #engchat Banned Books Week is Sept. 24-Oct.1, what will you be doing for it?
absolutely agreed!
give him a smooch for me.
I'm the buttcheek whisperer, don't follow the imitators.
Trying to book some flights to Chicago to see a old friend but they got expensive quick. Need to justify this with some meetings.
Santa orginally had a demon that dragged the bad boys and girls to hell
for real.
Chicago is home to so many wonderful musical artists. Thanks to all those artists who make the music scene outstanding! Keep playing! 1 Luv
Happy birthday to the talented Dorothy Hamill, Olympic & World Champion figure skater! Born today in Greenwich, CT.
Diddy - Dirty Money - Coming Home ft. Skylar Grey
Out on Newbury Street in Boston with friends!!
Feels like "short-track guru" would be much cooler on my business cards than Strategic Development
good luck. You'll b missed. Via con dios
I hear LeBron what to come back to Cleveland Joke thing Ha Ha Ha
It's Monday-Back to School. It will be a good day.
Chillin at work bored
well thats the only part i like being wit friends
I didn't see your message before ... Doesn't make it better, but definitely everything sounds better with a British accent ;)
she follows me
Headed to #Interop next week!!
OPPORTUNITIES FOR RECAPITALIZING HOTELS!Remington's investor driven Distressed Property Recapitalization program can help. Contact me today
it came out today
Maybe I should just start whoopin ass until the bullshit stops
YES! LOVELY meeting you and other WONDERFUL #GlutenFree #GF Peeps
Productively using my skills and seeking new avenues to produce explosive material and provoke thought through consciousness.
Oh the HAT is definitely historic! maybe even pre-historic!
nope! Exactly 2 months before #BELIEVE . What's up?
That Billy Blanks name is a brand for real. Even I remember that craze.
Working hard or hardly working? | Rigid-Soft Development
I'd kill someone for tater tots right now. How does this happen every time I drink alcohol?
so how was the Beard Off? Was Jesus there?
Thanks for making my b-day special. See you soon!
I can't wait to hear some cowboy songs from !
no doubt by the end of this night i'll have her clothes off...
OOOHHHHHH god one...LMAO>>>LMAO...The dude actually look like Romney now you mention it lol
i'll never forgive the early 2000's for causing me to get Nine Days stuck in my head just now
Checking out QuickenOnline. Uses the YUI library and has a user experience surpassing that of any desktop financial app.
best way to beat a "play hard team"... PLAY HARDER!
:: yep, happy to participate, email me deets!
The bot that's following me has a disturbing pic; can some new bots follow me so it gets bumped off my Twitter frontpage?
nothing hanging with Aaron (:
Happy birthday !
Who are the real floppers?
i wana get more followers so who ever will mention me i will mention back so pls mention me now
If thats all it takes, then I'm hiring a maid..lol
Met a lot of great people at the Powerhouse concert! Got the word out to many people who didn't know about Autism
the term oomf <
Hello, New York!
Craving Fast Food? Try these easy and healthy homeade chicken nuggets at home! Serve with oven baked fries for the full effect:)...
Open All Week, New Years Eve Til 10pm, and New Years Day For Brunch. Come by and ring out 2011 with awesome specials, cocktails and friends
and all i do is wait..for a text that will never come..containing 3 words that will never be said..
Specials: Soup: Beef Veggie, Pasta: Tomato Alfredo Fettuccini with Chicken, Pizza: Sausage, Pepperoni, Onion & Mushroom
« needs to tweet more.»
Good luck on exams today!
yeah god saved me :)
#GreysAnatomy was....just wow!
CNN is reporting that former Pres. Clinton hospitalized in N.Y. w/chest pains.
Sitting at Home with Family *Sleepy Queens* Happy New Year everybody! I hope you left the shit that brings you pain in the Past! YaY!
we're sad, too. EABF 2012!!
Auditioning for Shows To Go with
or wait, did I word that wrong? Yes I did. Take out "so much". -____-
Most of the problems in life comes because of 2 reasons . First, we act without thinking second,We keep thinking without acting
Thanks for the add Ale!
": If you do not yet know your calling, it is because #God is still preparing you for it. Enjoy the ministry He gives you daily"
guess #oomf cant text backk now..
Sometimes I wish my friends didn't know I had money/:
My sportsbetting game is pure rust, but w/ on my twit feed, I zipped over to Southpoint and grabbed the last +3 -110 in town.
Much respect to jay leno though!!! Funny guy!!
Congrats to the Jr. Pioneers U12 Tier II National Champions!
Hi, Food 4 Thought: Vision does not come 2 polluted eyes. Have a great day!!!
you should come to Laredo t.x
Eating frosting and crying and watching sad movies with
I had that song #StupidHo stuck in my head all night.
Going out with the crew tonight! Its gonna be a good one! Hope everyone has a great night,
Elderly gent just asked server for fresh corn. He meant popcorn. That's language from the days of yore.
No tonight?...no problem...like last game no sweat in new jersey..heat nation boy
Hey Pls come 1333 H Street NW - Center 4 American Progress () 250+ Ben & Jerry's loving employees :)
There is a whole lotta unfortunate cleavage in our nation's capital.
Thank you for bein an inspiration to me to not give up my dream(: you're the most amazing actress in the world God bless!(:
I wish I was that brave...
Hey! I'm so glad you thought of me! Let's definitely put something on the calendar soon. I'll send you my avails by Friday! :)
what is it for material wise?
RT : Sunday! The Sowebo Fest is this Sunday! We can't wait to see everyone there! It's 12-9, come early and stay late
I though it made you a cebid. But you can be a meme too if you'd like.
xo. Youre coming to the meet and greet?
So high and I aint even Blazin.
listening to a little Woe, Is Me....He has the voice of an angel *sigh* rehearsal tonight! -J
Ugh so tired somebody is keeping me up texting.
Hunger is an inner city issue? USDA says ~2.8MM rural households are food insecure. JOIN THE FIGHT!
that is simply freakin' awesome colson
What could make today better for you? How do you make the jump from good to great?
if you really want to go, ill spot you until you get paid.... this is the best way to see craig (acoustic and playing so ...
I'm going to go ahead and say it. I miss so effing much it hurts! Hurry up and move here, boy!
Props to our collaborators here in Dhaka, who purchased our team kurta and saris to wear for International Mother Language Day!
It's never too late to have a happy childhood. - Berkeley Breathed
Oh my darlings how thoughtful! Mwah!
Don't think I've had a better lunch in months than I did at today. Place rocks the most!
My sister is the worst driver known to man.
I don't know... depression has a way of making everything feel hopeless and blanketing everything... you know?
lol, show off
More artists' resources coming soon... Taking a short break from the interwebs. @ us if we missed your event/news/info!
they really are I look on random pages and there they are saying how Tiffany is amazing I'm like Erm alrighty then.
LOL ~ I've been twittering since I started ....hours ago!!!!!!
Shiller: Past high stock returns an 'anomaly' The bursting bubbles of the 1990s and 2000s caught most of the experts by surprise. Not Rob
Thanks for following me!! I love RadioMeltdown!!
i ve been wandering that for the longest time now
No Problem:) Okeej..
omg go audition!!!
An easy way to make enemies: eat chips and open a can of diet coke during lecture.
Thanks for being so willing to experiment with #ala11 and #libchat. You're a rock star! ;-)
it's supposed to be relaxing...I'm afraid I'm just not seeing it :)
ha.. Dnt even pretend like bron wasn't as clutch as possible. Bosh threw a garbage pass and wade is dumb for that last shot..
with friends with copious amounts of booze.
bye bye chemistry :).
I need some help staying awake.
Watching the Vikings get their butts kicked the first half, sure it's pre-season but the o-line doesn't look good.
Can people jus keep it real?! Quit lying
Good Luck
2-1-80 Ted DiBiase wins the North American title from Mike George in
Finally get to hang with the Christian's again!
blah...im bored
Let's go
Great! Pretty exciting stuff! :)
I was dropping my son off at daycare & heading to work.
Never before had i seen a dead dear on the side of the road. Ive seen 4 so far today
digital drives the costs of copying down to almost zero & editing is almost free as well
What is it called if two people in wheelchairs are having oral sex? Meals on wheels.
rip #chuckcolson < - a beacon of light to the world
How about that comeback by Man City?!?
I just wanna be in bed right now.
These Last 2 Weeks Are Going To Be Stressful -______-
we will see
#RightByMySideVideo OMG SO F*CKING GOOD.. I CAN'T BELIEVE IT. DAMN.
lucky you lol. i work.... 42.1 miles one way. thank god it pays well
Hoping I don't get into an argument this time with the parking attendant at school about what a "loading zone" is.
Clash of #TechTitans in SF court this week - #Larry (Ellison) v Larry (Page) - #Oracle v #Google - #mobile domination on the line.
I'm still tight about my ribs i want the dog to suffer now i wanna crytho
BTW-will heller be able to watch uw Saturday what w/ all of his leprechaun responsibilities?
Attendance at Pacers home games may be a problem, TV ratings are not. Ratings of Pacers games on Fox up 12% this yr over last yr.
Why do I feel so bad that I'm not doing choir?
Hey Dinoso, are you riding on the roof of a semi? Grin
ironic that my iPhone won't make or receive calls so all my work calls are being done via rotary kitchen phone. Finger hurts from spinning
Holiday Hours: We will close Fri, Dec 23 at Noon through Sat, Dec 31. We will reopen on Tues, Jan 3 at 10:00 a.m. Happy Holidays!
Sushi is like sex.....
you had me going on the Rapid City job, i have to admit -- i was like oh that's cool, there's gold in them Black Hills
Javascript continues to be crazy. Compelling new frameworks keep popping up to solve & create new problems. Can't we all just be friends?
said it best, "Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could have been any different."
Wow going to bed!! This is early for me!! I feel weak!!
Tarp is off, going to try to finish game. Hokies lead 4-1 and will bat first in the bottom of the 5th. Looking at about a 6:15 start.
I was once almost kidnapped in Kosovo. I am always more scared to teach middle schoolers than that.
The #Brewers are in town today and tomorrow and sadly I can't see them. Go Brew Crew!
#InCollege Thursday equals to Friday. yeah huh!
confused af , did the lakers win or the thunder?.
Digital Media Executives Love Tradition and Technology of Shen Yun
I just got a #Klout notification that I'm an influencer of Either means he likes my live-tweeting or I've become too cynical.
whats your email?
You know what, I think I won't sleep just so I can vote for you and your group :P
like the point about making our user's lives better
Going to see Conan O'Brien with the wifey and
OLP seeks top instructors for online interactive webinars & courses. Pays stipend. Need tech, lit, corp, securities.
Riding the merry-go-round with Finn
Bouts to get a new tatt pretty soon!
I needed to get it together. Fashion is all around me. It's like being in a candy store!!
he warned me about you - I ignored it! LOL
Buddy Dusty's Corner sent me a TON of stuff to review and look over for suggestion. Small box packed full of stuff, video coming up soon.
I'm gonna marry this hotel.
Just got around to watching Red State on Netflix. Thanks for that! Really can't wait for Hit Somebody!!
we couldn't. Too much traffic.
MAN!!! I've been laughing at that youtube video since 3am. Youzzz a fool, I swear!
yea I'm excited
of course. Not a problem. Got a bunch of posts scheduled :). Im gonna try to be there. I gotta get me a ticket :)
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR BULLS NIGGA !?!?! Lmao
Tried going out to the "car" at work just to ride my bike but my dumb ass lead is afraid of what?
Today is region 8 history day with judging at the Museum Center. Stop by to check out the exhibits and encourage these young historians.
RT : wow, I thought for sure you were following me. No bueno LoL I'm following Homie!! What's good?!
“Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.” - Winston Churchill
Almost ZUMBAAAA time! Ready to shake my ass to the beat!
I'm pretty sure the only Jeopardy I'd be good at is Fifth Grade Jeopardy.
Looks like perfection :) Talk soon?
Who was the genius who scouted Pedro Strop? ......I fired him.
Attention Diabetics...We are offering a FREE trial of Avandamet, Januvia, & Janumet. Also, we have FREE Blood Glucose Machines.
Who knows, but they smooched it up on DWTS tonight.....could be for marketing though! They're cute, regardless :)
Really? I feel like Boombots are invading the world! I think a saw a mob of them crossing mission st.
Hey need to run something by you. Pick up.
OMG! Are the Patriots serious right now?! This game is a joke!
Congrats!!! re: MS. VAMPY Wins Communicator Award. Brooke's one of truly good people in horror.
#SOPA Does anyone know the status as of now? Are the elected officials even listening to us? Do we need to start physical protests?
that would be great! lol and thankgod! isnt didnt come fast enough..
at least not at toddler and teen age (from my experience :-)
Hope everyone had a marvelous weekend! Back on the grind!
ya but I think he would be a little upset if If put a sign up saying napping in the babysitting room. help yourself.
Thanks for the RT, !
Great to see former Pioneer All-American and current Calgary d-man Chris Butler get added to the U.S. National Team.
Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.
Join us @ Big Wang's Hollywood tonight for $1 drinks! Respond to this and I'll send you a credit :)
dont throw ya hoe in that water,
#HollywoodPersonalTrainingwithAJ Tomorrow's training sessions include of
Planet Terror!
you go girl. your lucky. wish i could get one but he don't care about little ole me.
Q: What's green and purple and goes up and down?A: Barney in an elevator.
HEY BROGAN, how'd your day go?(:
#RHOA #Kim could've really kept that show...cause I'm not here for it!
Just picked up my cap & gown! will see you there ; )
#protip Send passports and itineraries to yr point of border cross to ensure a swift band crossing or, you know, if yr passports get jacked.
@ Wal Mart lol lets see if anyone knows me youtube. :P
Yiiiiip! On my way.
call in the national guard.
We're wrapping up mixing the new record tonight and tomorrow. It's gonna be great. Can't wait for you all to hear it.
oh! Who do you think? I think we're on the same page.
look forward to your review! Enjoy!
Thanks for the RT!
Sometimes I wonder if how I feel about Tori Amos is how Christians feel about Jesus.
make two dreams come true but following me nd 14
yes the private equity guys get really profound as they struggle to provide work life balance advice to their portfolios cos
I don't know what it's called!
What are your plans for the weekend, Missouri?
whoa u look so nice
RT : RT : ¸.•*<U+2605> "The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up." <U+2665> ~Mark Twain~ ¸.•*<U+2605>
Stop by Firehook Bakery of Cleveland Park for a great pastry!
wikis work really well for that here. Wikidot engine introduces coding to people & lowers barrier of entry to HTML & CSS
Follow Mi Prima !
God put them here for us to enjoy them. Even in a shit mood boobies make me feel better.
your welcome! <3
Hello cyber world....this is a voice in the cloud.
Who's still voting on the TV Guide poll?
Prime advertising!! Few spots left national and local.. In return too support our conference
Praise God. Take your time and be ready for me to talk trash during football season :)
Good to know. 16 is Indiana age of consent.
would like to have you read for a feature film entitled " Characters" hit me up ASAP
Maybe I'm just crazy, crazy for you baby
Man big d and o love fight classic....
Good luck
your twitter pic just made my day. Incredible!
Storms are lining up. Massive destruction RT : Henryville, IN may take a second hit by a major tornado.
Harvey Mackay's new book "The Mackay MBA of Selling in the Real World" is #1 on Wall Street Journal, #2 on USA Today, and Top 10 NYT!!
he's incredible, he's sexy, he's gorgeous, he's hot, he's he's talented, he's cutem he's seventeen, he's justin bieber ~ Pyper
Practice tonight at 7 at the SM Middle School. Be there or let us know why you can't. We need to work and work together.
but that's not the issue tonight. Wade is cold. Even if Bron wanted him to play 2nd fiddle he couldn't. lol
Johnson still plays?
I'm at a Rockets game! This is so fun, I hope they get a home run.
they sold out about 1/3 of Rupp in few hours, Rupp wouldn't have sold out but would have probly pushed 20k.
We may have to. Hope you dont mid gettin your hands a little dirty lol
That sounds like quite a blend!!!! :)
Congrats!! RT Stoked to be a part of this crew! “: We are very excited to present our 2012 Brand Ambassadors!!
There's so much pressure from Twitter to buy the new bundle.
Make sure you join us on FACEBOOK too!
lots of edits to my intro...not even certain what should be in here really.
heck yeah!
no u dnt
Nova Baby
we are glad you enjoyed it. You can't have world class care with bad food! That's why we focus on it.
Grizzlies vs. OKC Thunder just starting... Who else really wants the Grizzlies to crush OKC?
how are things going Beau?! Can I just say I'm ready to see your photos on magazine covers!
My son
FOX NEWS Just finished covering the SPURS practice. The game is 2night on CW35 and the rest spurs will go 4 a win 2night
Heading to Mercado's for sushi.....
Dex: Buy a ship, name it relation, now you have a relationship. Me: Well, that solves my #foreveralone problem I seem to have...:-/
and that is why that firefly was safe because there weren't any females who would kill him. just me
I'm the one at the payphone.
True True I'm not even gonna lie I be thinkin the same thing
": My prayers and sincere condolences to the family and friends of Junior Seau. He was a special player, wonderful person."
Its crazy to think that hologram jokes are already overdone and hacky.
I'm sure they do bro. Hope we can all do Disneyland 2gether.
I know it's a little earlier of Christmas but I LOVE new song #Mistletoe and this is my 1,000th tweet
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive redeeming qualities like reasonably prominent rear sections, blue eyes, and clouded judgement.
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 38
welcome back!
What a fabulous idea--customized advertising. RT Hungry? We’ve got what you crave—10 Beef Sliders. .
thank the lawwwwd! (:
ouch! It sounds like some bad hops in the infield.
Just because it isn't "ok" doesn't mean it isn't true. Not for or against anyone in trial, just pointing out.
Tryna stay clear of my foes and these shape-shifting hoes
Hey-o That was hilarious!! You rock girl.
Remember when #glee was funny and happy? So sad and serious now..mouth is still agape.
Fuck )-: sucks not having an IPhone!
Travel scenes, pt. I: National airport, 11:30 am Brewpub full of people drinking beer. Tempted to ask if any Christians. Refrain.
I CAN'T EVEN UNDERSTAND YOU. YOU'VE CHANGED A LOT!!!
Wow, when are you moving here?
Maybe u can suck his dick too.
Never let yourself get fooled by someone who tells you one thing but their actions do another....
Bright eyes.
This Silicon Valley brogrammer shit is fucking retarded. Grow up or don't start your own company if you don't know what century we are in.
Thank you so much for featuring the Warren parody clip! It was, in fact, made with much reverence.
****NEW*** HOODIES & CREW NECKS AVAILABLE NOW!!!!
Layin out seaside
ANOTHER LONG DAY AHEAD OF ME.
Hey Everyone! Pre-Order that album! Its so gnarly!! and buy some while your at it
#Huguely lawyer, "there simply was no intent to kill" addressing murder charges.
#FF to the students who studied with us this week!
omfg.... i really wish i could retweet this. haha
I feel so #ForeverAlone today..!! XD
Is excited for #Glee tonight and to see the best guest star to date !!!
Beware, 2DC is lurking & shall strike thee with a mighty musical note !
thanks for the mention OSU Buckeye Clipin's . Remy human hair on clips in the OSU Buckeye Colors they are 10 a peice.
Made it to sf! There appear to be 2 crazy people here for every normal. Hope they come to the show! Doors
Yeah i know, who reads anymore!!!!
Linking to outside sites is a huge change for us
#WeWontWork if you SMOKE , PERIOD
Really?! Wow!
Follow me (;
how possibly have we not met? I see that as a problem that must be rectified!
Different style when she met him
First thing I did when I got home from the gym was dig into gluten free brownies.
Sweet! Won a pitcher of #beer at in a trivia contest.
My throat hurts /:
Excited to see for the second time tonight the ! I love summer :)
well, i am a FatAss and I like their food! :D
Pregnancy Advice: A stork might bring you a baby, but a swallow never will.
I wonder what snail food actually taste like....BLEH (echos)
Hatch is hiring! Give us a call at (414) 272-4544 to see if we have the position you've been looking for!
The kids are gettin ready for a shoot in Snoqualmie this afternoon. Hoping the rain stays away.
great night man!!
Harvard Art Museums delay opening until 2014 - Boston Globe
It's good to have you in my life! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Five Most Common Hiking Dangers on the Trail
We have reason to believe that man first walked upright to free his hands for masturbation.
Good morning! Up and at 'em ^AP
Hey, thanks for connecting. I used to have a friend in HS that had one of the original "Plum Crazy". Pretty fast ride.
I have nothing to put here right now...
Battle of 2 HCs who still look like they did when they were players UMASS/Drexel goes to and Umass. 2 classy coaches
done done done.
Read article today that describes as too big to fail. Would love to see gov bailouts every time an agency loses a client.
mane damn thats wat u call a as whoopi n lol
I didn't really mean to outline a play in my head but...there you go.
have you ever felt your spirit literally & forcefully say NO to something? no joke. like, smooth sailing and then one day -- "STOP! DON'T."
Love the juxtaposition of "quintessentially Brooklyn as it gets" and "there’s nothing Brooklyn about this water"
That's one gift we don't care to be unwrapped.
With my bestfriend kkkkbye need more info tweet me up ;33
chubby is more of a semi-boner anyway. i call mine dick pryor
Bronco fans need to learn how NFL contracts work before freaking out about Payton's deal.
Well next season will suck...
The three rules being a great player, practice, practice and more practice. You can be as good as you want to be.
Thanks! Randy's recipe is incredible!
haha im older than you though.. he better live to be 150 yrs old too! or she
Dear 2010 self: THANK YOU for getting that updated tetanus shot. Love, 2011 self (who just stepped on a rusty nail).
I'm more than overjoyed that people are recalling and remembering me in this light.
girl it's your bday, you better be looking for compliments <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
These are what games 7s are all about.
It's not the same, but get all up in Wild Flag!
I'm so tired but I've got all three kiddos today so no nap for me!!
I only feel truly disrespect when people treat me like a "nigga".
Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros... Alex Ebert - the next Dr. Gene Scott
#iStoppedBelievingInSantaWhen ... I never stopped believing him, who would trend such a thing D:<
Hey Mark, sorry we couldn't connect. Maybe next time!
Good Morning World!!! Currently at 10:10am in Atlanta, GA it is 54 degrees. High: 61* Low: 53*
“Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.” - E. Joseph Cossman (entrepreneur)
Would like to tell the world and that March is awesome for college basketball and the best beer ever!!
": After the wild weekend, I have discovered a few bruises on me. I wish I remember how .." I have one on my elbow I cant explain
I love when adult nerds review childrens movies as being bad. Seriously. That movie will be exactly what its trying to be.
We gotta get cass and joy to join us! That would be pure chaos! Lol!
In order to find the percentiles, you have to divide the data sets into equal groups of 100
Great work. Love the use of light.
RT : Email this twitter post,, and win 2 tickets to Saturday's Director's Choice Mat! First 5 win!
kayleigh, how come your uber-librarianness always saves the day? got any tips on onions?
Happy Easter Everyone! Jesus rose from the dead on this glorious day & I hope God has blessed your life in many ways. #blessed <3
it's the email for imessage
a lot of teams rank him as top guard but get scared he is not as safe as Decastro and Glenn because of D2 label
Attended a great educational dinner hosted by Madison last night. Thank you!
As I type, is live tweeting a BRAIN surgery. So cool...
Maryland has got the lead again, good game.
great! See you then!
Word on the street is will be parked outside the museum for lunch. That's the kind of news we like to hear on a Monday!
Who wants to watch Duck Tales?
BHO's campaign kickoff rally described "a concert of an aging rock star." A has-been. Bec. he can't run on his record!
Hit it outta the park, Chris
been thru the fire, but now im out! Lol...I'm gonna hit your email up this week.
Defensive three seconds. Basically a penalty for laziness. No surprise Lakers would get such a call in this game.
Bosh is that important I guess. #Pacers can play though, legit TEAM
Once a month and you're good!
Thanks for the insights!
Hi, Ohio State. You may be able to run & hide repeatedly in football, but there's no avoiding this one - Signed, THE Cincinnati Bearcats
That would be good. I've written about genetics and it's kind of a moving target. So much discovery happening all the time!
Popular Mechs. Come kick it at Rotture and snag a free copy of 's EP! Dance dance dance damn. Dance.
It was a pleasure meeting you
I have like 3 friend requests everyday... One for everytime i go on Facebook... Hahah wow o.O
Why did i ever have a dj night called 'all requests'? I need to buy records.
Let's go LA!
Yes. Stay strong.
is worn out from her double water aerobics session this morning but still glad I stuck it out for the whole 2 hours!
One day you'll realize you're really not better than everyone. Hopefully I'll be there to laugh in your face
so I was searching for your # today . Needed ur help bia & couldn't find u. Fml!!!(:
what's good big dawg
It would be silly to not use it for some marketing. i aim for a 80/20 mix.
get this, a history professor told me that liberals use the word bigot to end conversations with those that disagree about gay marriage.
Just read through a document I typed out in Word yesterday, and found THREE occurrences of the string ':w'
Welcome to STL! RT : Just got to St. Louis and it's Cardinals Fever!! 20 flatscreens in one room of this restaurant :)
#TheThingIHateMost waking up early for school...
Anyone see Avengers in 3D?? WAS AVENGERS WORTH SEEING IN 3D??? please let me know!!
life is better when you slow down and appreciate it.
Thanks for the follow...GO WHITE SOX
Does it shock you. The Heat are classless assholes.
Who is bringing the "hurricanes" and "dark and stormy's"?
Taxis cost less than limos faster than shuttles. There when you need them. Check out Bing Maps taxi fare calculator.
I really want to be fluent in spanish
This international law firm is one of the top twenty law firms in the world.
I'm now missing Rick Santorum and James Dobson's stop in Columbia. Oh well.
feel better! :D
what is it that you like about Paris? Maybe someday you'll go! You could decorate your room like Paris that would be fun!
yes they wanted their pic taken this morning. Oldest wanted to dress like daddy today
Hope you all had a nice weekend.
haha i understand(:
i got very lost and couldnt find my class. Come to realize i did not have that class today
Any chance will get to see your AW daughter on screen soon?
Judge Keesler: There is a danger that as a bar and as lawyers and judges we mistake activity for achievement #charlottecle #ediscovery ^BM
Researching your family tree can lead you to many different treasures. Learn how @ www.myfreegenealogy.com
I bet the Avengers can't beat SSJ3 Goki...
How was lunch? We should have lunch sometime, if ya like.
next time BOTH of you will come to Caliente! :) I'm craving another Fajita Combo!
I had come into the city carrying life in my eyes amid rumors of death. - Sonia Sanchez
how much longer until u are on summer break?
you only get to live it once so live tonight like your last
lol I'm I'm NYC that ok lol
Engaged in learning: Proficient
": My middle name is not Jacob!!!"
Yes, people are pissing me off. No, justin is not a baby daddy.
better had apologize
I sprayed mosquito repellent on a mosquito. Now he’ll never have any
Who went to the UTSA Spring Game!?!?
I'll be eating leftover pie from thanksgiving all week. You know it!
I luv that scarf!!!
the front page of the newspaper today has a girl throwing newborn puppies in a river, how psychotic are people these days?
and the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now, next chapter
NBA playoffs! Nothing like it. Let's get these games going! MFFL
The iPad is a useful device for coping with earthquakes. My favorite apps so far are Netflix and SketchBook Pro. iWork is pretty sleek too.
Working on the next Choc Pink event don't miss this one.!
Only befriend vegetarians. There is much less of a chance of them eating you during a zombie apocalypse.
We expected that response. That's what the #bait was for. ;-) RT : And : Everyone THINKS they're a journalist.
Great news, Amit. Have a great day!
such a little bitch :( im sorry, you guys need to stay tonight!
Just downloaded the Wordpress app for my iPhone - I feel like such a grown up marketer now. Look for the blog Discover Connection soon!
you still out? @
I wonder if and can just text each other
'Torches' gets better and better with every listen
Well? I don't know about being sweet with a bod like that. You need to come to Baltimore and let me feast my eyes on you.
Working Hard at Windsor
Caleb really loves you, this is Caleb's best friend here, but forreal he's a keeper
Early morning work out at Easy Fitness!!!
Face twitches<<<<<
The day "Eye of the Tiger" no longer motivates you is the day you need to question your life.
Bummer for Gio Gonzalez
p.s. Hi Kim and Phil!!!
that's not nice he is going to cry
you got to the bottom of the taco truck cover-up, didn't you????
The highest form of socialization is
By the age of 5, a child should have 60 books
oh that's good :)
happy mothers day
LOL but u don't go downtown :p. thannks HAPPY *almost belated* EASTER TO YOU GUYS TOO ^.^
I wish these new jersey cats would stop hittin me up
Add me to the list of the fatigued....
Lunch with my sister and staying the night with her(:
Poor translator!
Telling myself I won't regret that my gestalt moment of paper writing came on a Sat night when I'm traipsing through Germany in a month...
19 kid's & counting? WTF u need to STOP counting!
u bad as yo
I do!:) wear it all the time! The greatest present EVER!:))
Our Office Album Of The Day: Massive Attack-Blue Lines
get Spotify already please
Stop; it's like saying I understand.
you must be talking about Netflix streaming? I have that and I agree nothing but old shit.
me either like WTF answer back Dan
Got too greedy and burnt the ole tongue on number two official taste test of Coming soon to
Can't wait for the medieval fair tomorrow!
text me about it.
hahahaha that's cray. get in those lululemon pants and hit the gym ma!!
Im so happy did not ive been screamin randomly 4 a realy long tym cuz i was confused (tears of joy now!) :)
I would slap the shit out my dude if he was talking bout camping out for some damn jordans!
Sample lyric from Madonna's latest: "You're my gangster...you're like Caesar...you're like Abe Lincoln/cuz u fight 4 what's rt" via
It's not the absence of fear, it's the decisions we make when we show up to it that makes all the difference.
Oh. Link to the pin?
y tha eff u not following me???? Make me get on dat ass lol..... What's good bro!!!!!!
Germanium causes argentium sterling to have a high resistance to tarnish.
Another Badger's choke job at the Rose Bowl.....ugh
Reuse envelopes, wrapping paper, the front of gift cards (as postcards) and other paper materials you receive wherever possible
We're so excited! It's going to be a fun night. (and weekend) Wish you could be here.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW FAM
YOU ARE WTF
Fear… Lack of knowledge... these are two of the most common reasons child abuse and neglect goes unreported.
Yeah, I got one.
Sorry for all those extra tweets...twitter must have had a couple already for #CincodeMayo.....not sure why it sent one tweet 10 times
So who is excited for our FREE show this Sunday!?
Eating okra, corn, and romaine salad w/ lime, coconut, curry dressing
haha shut it! ill get Jenny on you!
That shot was ridiculous
Anyone here have a publishing contract? Any advice for people looking to get one?
I agree on both and with jonathan Martin and Alshon jefferies still available look for some activity
It was a 5K to benefit the Maple Dale-Indian Hill school district. Twas this morning starting from my driveway.
maybe he'll do Aristotle next?
NFL prohibits players from tweeting 2 hours b4 and 1 hour after their games
I'm going to tweet all the dumb stuff the person I'm with says
: I think millions of readers across the world would simultaneously have a heart attack from sheer joy.
just stumbled upon your youtube channel- one word TALENT!! Keep doing what you're doing!
trying to explain allegory is hard.
lol foreal! You were born in the wrong year haha. I look more like your age & you look like mine.
cool if I use douchpuddles? New one to me.
Likewise. Hope you enjoyed the run.
Get lost and get right with my soul.
It is impossible to actually speak to someone at UPS. It's like everyone but the people who deliver are automated.
Red Letter News??
I will never go against my morals & degrade myself to "fit in". I have a mind of my own. I don't need you to tell me what is right & wrong.
Just got Naturally Speaking 10. like it so far
Happy New Year everyone! 2010 was great for us, 2011 will be even greater! Be safe tonight!
Nyack Farmers Market opens today!
If you stop typing the screen begins to go red, then you get a pop-up shouting at you, noises, it starts deleting words...
That was all the way back in 1989
If someone antiqued me on the red carpet I would embrace them ask them to join me for a meal of food.
To follow the House Transportation and Infrastructure Cmte markup of the multi year surface transpo bill use
Guys in muscle shirts>>>>
“: Both Hitler and Napoleon were missing one testicle.”
no , Gingrich is an arouser of those who form civilization!
how did u know? Lol
Aye Yo, looking at this Katana's on Craigslist, bahhaha
Ordered my urban decay :D
new SOA makes me happy boy! “: ComiXology on the new iPad makes Theo a very happy boy.”
Mac Miller always put me in a good mood
Thanks for this link! This was the exact same search I was going to do on if I ever got around to it. Hah!
Motivate - Fortune favors the brave.
Did you get your interstate snack?
Very #excited by all the new possibilities in front of !
that looks so awesome. What's it like to shoot that?
I'm sorry to offend anyone but the claw like finger nails... Look terrible can everyone please stop #mommasays you'll poke an eye out!
Wow. I didn't realize that. You started in storage my freshman year in college. I hope that makes you feel young again :)
Don't text me saying "yer" or "ur" or any variation of mistakes in simple spelling and expect me to acknowledge you.
explanation for CBS/NYT poll is probably Obama coming out in favor of gay marriage. It probably WILL cost him the election. Thanks Joe
You will survive it - we promise! Let us know if you need help with scholarships.
hit the follow button and
Thanks for the mention. Much appreciated!
Nothing's more embarrassing than having a cholo walk in on u peeing.
I bet Ollie's like 'no worst way..?!' haha inside joke, Ollie! :D
If you have any events coming up let us know!
28 gay boys away from 1000 followers. :P Now RT this if you're gay.
amen to that brotha
Discovering #goldengirls is back on late night tv = a happy new year indeed.
I'm keeping up w/ the gospel project, especially today
yes but there are so few people here I can stand. Hoping for some geography/twitter overlap :0)
It's looking now like we'll be lucky! Everything's set to arrive on time.
Next snow to impact WI Sun PM and Mon AM. Watching a potential major winter storm to impact much of East. US Tues-Thurs of next week,
You know it's hard to turn down business but it feels good when you do it for their best interest.
Thx again 4 the help you've provided in the effort to Bring Isa Home and Find Isabel Celis
just had too return on here
umm, Eastbound & Down Season Premiere tonight 10pm
Rain rain go away...
funniest 10 year old ever ' are u born guy?' RT if u think its funny! (must be following)
thanks! Just checking because kpbs is off
Online travel agents losing out to airline websites: Nikhil Ganju ...
buying you a shammy shake
“: Loving Kacie B! Sweet as pie and a Tennessee girl!! #bachelor” #
leaving my house in like five minutes but where the hell am i gonna park?
nice work! Would love to read more about what you learned from people's feedback.
so am i! i'm watching clueless, its so god
Type It, Click It, it's all about Computers and the WWW in this weeks Sound Design, up now on #productionvault!
“: okay nigga we understand your watching the game lol” lmao
Ah, the holidays... when downtown is full of people that don't know how to cross a street. That's a walk sign, grandma, you can go now.
Don't miss Liquid A tonight!
S/O to his tia lorena for making us both realize :) this should led to great things n.n
I wish y'all would have seen how I just flipped out Cus was on tv gasp for breath
I've hear constant rolling thunder for at least the past five minutes. Sounds like a jet flying over but never going anywhere
Coming up in just a few minutes, The Chaos Agent, by request! Thanks for listening and be sure to share our page with your friends!
Does she work at a bar? I thot u were going to HH w/ her tonight.
RT": In order to get positive things, you got to remove the negatives."
"Best Worst Movie" reminds me why I love movies.
I agree he would be best suited for Mockingjay. I'm hoping they just sign him to do both films.
I did get a little time for meditation in.
Haven't seen my Gurrl a few weeks but lookin at her new Avi she still #winning an lookin great <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Watching the food network
People on the train listening to their crappy dub step so loud we all have to suffer... Happy Monday
Up at 5am going over my conference schedule for #SXSW interactive. Kept dreaming about zombies last night. #isitasign?
Why you rushing me baby? Its only us all alone.
So fresh! Love the #WhiteOut trend for summer!
sweetie I may not be Jack Barakat but you should really write that essay
at school alone cause i cant find :'(
can't cover to save his life.
My body is aching, i have da worst migraine, nd i can barely breathe..damn dis cold
www.megahairelite.com For great strand by strand extensions and training
Where can I watch barcelona Vs madrid live online? Anyone plz?:)
Drinking wine after a rousing game of checkers and uno with Doo. I heart wine. M wine. Makes my brain mushy and warm. Hurray!
Custom gifts starting at just $10!!! www.TheArtPlant.com
I am still sleepy! All of those doubles wore me out
In the office helping a young couple discover they can buy their first home & get the $8,000 tax credit. Then...it's movie night w the fam.
Completed 5 solid hair styles, two of which will only be issued in brown while the others will be a combination of normal and CrAzY colors
I've always wanted to be able to yoodel! I MUST learn how!!! Haha
Don't know hadn't heard.
Finally back to a little classical composing today! This concert band piece needs a name though...
I'm in heaven. Jazz practice group on Sunday the best! Jerry Gebbe on stand up bass, Leah Garnett and Mark Wallace on guitar, Moi on drums.
Keep entrusting your soul to the righteous judge on the throne.
Xbox 360 or ps3?
I love this commercial
National Film Challenge starts at 7:00pm tonight! Come Monday there will be an all new Ultimatum Picture...
put a roach in it!! <U+263A>
It's tough trying to keep your feet on the ground, your head above the clouds, your nose to the grindstone, your shoulder to the wheel,...
Did you have a good Thanksgiving? Score any killer deals shopping?
It was hard. We loved Ersala very much. She was my best bud. But....the house is too quiet, so... here we go again!
So great meeting and many more. You guys were all so amazing!
I'm about to go for the IV of coffee or tea at this point. :)
nonono I need it!
i never get like any views/likes/comments anymore...:P
The Yankee Silver Slugger award winners are Curtis Granderson and Robinson Cano :)
50% of business are using Macs!
Just had a storage facility start following me. #wtf? I'm expecting snarky jokes about empty buildings and roll-up doors.
lol. no no no. about mcdonalds racist commercials.
Getn dressed headn to see my babies
Their is a certain look on my sons face when he gets upset.. No matter what he has done, I have to hug and confort him..
What a gorgeous day in #Detroit. Got the best lookin yard on the street. Go Tigers!
What is your worst personality characteristic?
thanks for the follow!!
MT : Journalists need to have high analytical skills to deal with data, spreadsheets, to make numbers into a story.
lol. i'm gonna be late 2 school
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Familiar... #texas RT : Also in #Ohio, plans to defund #PlannedParenthood will jeopardize #reprohealth of low-income/uninsured/...
Laying in bed watching Malcolm X makes classics!!!
pretty sure I just saw you on Dateline
At the Met, finally checking out McQueen
im bout to cry
peace and light
Thanking god for a new day po$itive pu$h
i have a story to further gross you out ..but i think you've had enough lol
THE BEACH!
But even Mike Lange and Mark Madden did it :(
Hope you guys are having a great weekend!
Taking Matilda to hear Vince Giordano and the Nighthawks tonight. Very excited.
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber Die If Possible ?
I've been great!! and my day is going fantastic!! :) How are you!>??
Doing well. Cranking out a few summer classes then I'm done!
How can I hear your music
Wise advice !
The greatest men sometimes overshoot themselves, but then their very mistakes are so many lessons of instruction. Tom Browne
Me no likey anyone (:
“: just joined, first tweet.... Qwips is hosting the Espn mag party @ the Super Bowl”thanks have fun
City Year Milwaukee will be stopping by the Marquette University at the MCC --MU students come say hello!!!!
not really :/ I haven't been too good lately honestly but how are you? (:
So happy to relieve the series finale of six feet under can't wait for all the possibilities with that cord!!!
Brewing my face off. Robust Porter and a Cal Common this week, probably Northern English Brown and Scottish 80/- next week.
the big D sucks
Atom smasher restarts to prepare for new science AP - Operators of the world
ill brb
Morgan Freeman is God. still. yup. ok.
Tim Duncan has 8 points and a blocked shot. The Spurs lead the Jazz 22-20 with 2:29 left in the first quarter.
not at all!
now I'm good lol I went too HAM last night.
bought it yesterday...on page 202 today....
O Don Draper is getting a taste of his own medicine
Our market is tomorrow from 3 pm - 8 pm! :) Everyone come enjoy the market! Stock up on organic fruits and vegetables from local farmers!
San Diego Tweeps...Rumor has it my hubby & boys will be on NBC news at 11pm talking about hidden $ worries with online games.
Every time I see you, I stop breathing. :P
Hiring for talented experienced
Apply continuously throughout the day!
SOME PEOPLE HAVE NO SHAME WHEN IT COMES 2
Sitting on the couches with my faves
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. John Wooden
Eyewitness report: Athens Mayday 2012 | International Socialist Group
Who invented black jelly beans? And why in the hell are they in MY bag? Blech!
It does tickle me that 'budget brides' can afford a wedding planner but cant seem to afford my cake!
Only god knows when the world ends ;) Stop talking BULLSHIT ;)
idk if he gone have the car.. who you goin to robbins with?
Bout to kill these role plays
can somebody tell me how princetons dog died?
yes. shockingly. false spring.
is working on our company emails. IMAP here we come.
Sorry I missed this tweet!
RT #LeShow Today's show has #Limbaugh on his recovery #SUPERB! a MUST listen
And is our 127th follower! As promised FREE foodchain brand sticker! Damn what is shipping 2 Portugal? DM addy 2 claim it buddy.
Every time I hear Hakim Warrick's name, I think of boom goes the dynamite.
where are you! L.a.?
I may be the most stubborn person ever but for the most part at least I can admit when I'm wrong..
My sleep schedule is so messed up. Not tired one bit right now. I don't know how I'm gonna get up for school on Thursday...
Coaching Sessions Available www.actorsintensive.com Sign up now to receive 1-on-1 coaching. In-person, Phone, & Online. (323) 620-6951
LOL So are you Kristen!! Thank you!!
“: Anyone seen Contraband? Any good?”. Great
it's funny because it's true RT : ROBO-LOBO!
": God Is Soo Amazing , I Must Say !"
You mean they spotted him? I thought I killed him a long time ago. I won't let the good twin get away this time!
Get ready trivia lovers.. Thursdays Trivia Night at The Screaming Goat!!
so, what you do if i cried ?
lost another follower damn ppl quit leaving me
FUCK NO THAT WAS A BULLSHIT ASS CALL R U KIDDING ME
i'm gonna miss your braces so much, no :(
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! :) <3
eves droppin' muck
At sunday school!
The Braddock and #Brewers divorce is a shame. A reminder that it's never just about talent.
big philosophy presentation, one paper to do then im finally done for the week.
so glad she's out !!
Tweeting with my cracked screen blows! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> it's still too early to get it fixed.
Thank you
Every Monday Night, Happy Hour lasts til 10pm! $1 #Local Oysters, $3 Drafts and $4 Wines by the Glass. Be Bold!
Everyone give a follow she is in visiting us today at the store.
in UCLA special collections, digitizing historical maps of south america.
Last day of shooting tomorrow. Yay!!
Dont forget to eat your brain food. Just order from me, thats all i cook
hi Asa, use an iPhone 4 with the Nike+GPS; no sensor needed- you can even run barefoot on the beach :)
Good morning again, Crown Point. And to think that I thought that Chicago was the Windy City.
tryna help a brother out?
Morning Julian! Hope you have a good day!
I hear good things are in your future! I have some plans I want to execute. Wanna be involved?
Happy bday dude! U and r my fav Blazers! Hope to see you on the court more!
And in the end, you learn that the people and the moment are all that matter. Everything else comes and goes.
In the office fine tuning tomorrows upper body strength training workout for the Mens Basketball team. I LOVE putting my knowledge to use!!!
RT : Lovely peeps THANKS
haha, cools. PSI don't hate you...like I said your not trusted. But you seem to make her happy, so that makes me happy for her.
lol good point “: Dominos Pizza: "Dominos pizza is now made with real cheese." So what the hell was it made with before?”
Anyone getting up early to watch the FB IPO? Anyone buyin'??
I wish my mom and dad could just stay together and be happy, but no. It's all ending with a divorce. Fml.
Strap broke on my sandal before I walked for grad
Last class of the semester. I am going to miss my students. Damn, they are great.
Dont wanna break your heart, I wanna give your heart a break. I know youre scared its wrong, like you might make a mistake.
Let go of those who bring you down and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you.
So excited about my new skorts! Can't wait for it to get warm enough to wear them!
Great to meet you yesterday! Look forward to tweeting from our respective handles. :)
Obvi. We shall act like children together! Start prepping your stomach for all the alcohol you will be required to consume.
and on that note ill be getting one today lol
Is it 5pm yet? Man I could use a nice little adult beverage
Stopping by your store tomorrow better get some XXL #townbiz tees ready haha.
I get it now, I didn't know if sap was slang or code for something. I see now that you mean tree sap. Interesting. thanks
how the heck does 911 need a 911#whatashow thanks mayor Barry
On the menu for dinner: TANDOORI STYLE GRILLED PORK CHOP, Israeli cous cous, yoghurt cucumber tzatziki
keep up the hard work man you looked real good today
I sing along with your guitar solo. lol
There's always a challenge so I must be doing something right..
i don't left out any more
's up brotha? About to dab some bomb Sour OG Space Rox out of the new Bubbler. irie!!! What about you homie?
So great to see everyone tonight! I think a holiday get-together is definitely due!
which leads to present thoughts as well as past? Course some students did keep pointing out that that was a different time.
Ever notice how it's a penny for your thoughts, yet you put in your two-cents? Someone is making a penny on the deal!-- Steven Wright
Last AP tmrw
us too!
I'm thinking...Herman Cain just might be my choice-strong, forthright, knowledgeable, speaks the truth!
And you can loan books right? RT : B&N iPad Reader, 1st impressions: Better than Amazon's....Nice start.
Love when I hack into the schools internet >.<
feel better lady bug!
yeah enjoy it before you have be locked inside!!!
Chef Chris will be making the delicious Tartine on News Channel 5's "Talk Of The Town" today at 11 a.m.! Be sure to check it out!
When are you going on tour!!! I need to get my Britney on! It Britney bitch!!!!
Follow Friday... please ask your followers to follow us and support "Banner Day" www.worldchampionfans.com
Fuckin refs man!! Green was fouled twice!!!
I Loves The Music <U+2665> <U+266B>
Follow for updates on what’s happening across the sports world.
Thanks for the follow! What's your interest in sports biz?
baby unicorns
trying…keep trying. Things are good getting clients this month and bringing Graffiti to the public
wow!!! Too bad there's no Bashas near us anymore
I've been trying but she won't :(
..would you forgive your enemies?
RT : heard this on #uppers “:The police in Rekia Boyd's case was only charged with misdemeanor assault."
Looking forward to it! See you at tonight's launch - we're on the edge of our seats!
Pretty good game, missing a special person though
love the jewelry ;)
We can't decide what to cook for dinner. What do you suggest?
Does anyone know how to get pass the 2000 follower limit on Twitter?
Pickup Line: The only time I'd kick you outta bed would be to fuck you on the floor!
Go !!!!! RT: Paul Casey joins McIlroy at 14 under. They trail leader Fredrik Jacobson by three shots.
Did you know that in 1996 that 1 in 10 people used a MAC.
Oh Yeah, the QUOTE - "It's too bad the people who really know how to run evrerything are busy cutting hair or driving taxis." George Burns.
Thank you!
Saw gripe about vendor doing "Harry Potter" search at an academic. Just had one do it. Must warn; academic librarians pretentious.
I played 9 more at Grant yesterday!
Wearing an outfit identical to a 70-yr old woman's at work. I would invite a "who wore it better" contest, but... she'd probably win.
Great Networking Tonite at ALLURE 2224 Elm.Downtown.Entertainment Industry Meeting 8-10 w/ Attorney Ward White & Guest Panelists&Party After
Thank you! Glad to be here!
Good morning Cleveland!!!
Thank you, ^ag! Right after we talked I received kudos for some work I did on static content. 'Twas great timing. See you Tues.
can't find any if your songs on my music app lol #pissingmeoff we need to fix this
he just doesn't get it so now i want to change
Good luck
“: Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
and we have a WINNER!!!
ITPC: Prepping for 5/4 ITPC chair election. Will be very sorry to see leave as chair
:O!!! Keysh is gonna be breaking necks today.
I want to know like 10 languages...just because.
call me any time tomorrow.
There has to be commonalities at school level-w/ time to argue, sculpt, change the curriculum
Check out Pastor Troy PERFORMING LIVE @ The Lounge in Tullahoma, TN on December 2!!!
If you could say it in words, there'd be no reason to paint. ~ Edward Hopper
Also, Charlie, George and Vinny are stupid names. This isn't New York in 1930.
OT Andrus Peat picks Stanford
SLIT YOUR WRIST AND JUMP OFF A BRIDGE. GET OFF MY NUTS.
": " and that's the best start to any Sunday. I love you
Eight species of wild fish have been detected in aquaculture feed
Main Field announcement coming soon! Keep posted for when and where you can hear the news.
Ajay benches a couple of boxes of Monopoly, a few mats of Twister, and a helluva lota scrabble pieces!
Happy Monday to and , nice to have our fearless leaders in the office today.
I really really really HATE contest rules.
I've never once been able to get online with a "free public wifi." am I missing something?
Um. This will be my last post. I got raptured, but God says I have to give up my iPhone. Apparently, you CAN'T take it with you!
Which D? HOU v ATL, JAC v SD (opponent has Rivers), MIA v OAK. Which QB? Palmer @ MIA, Sanchez @ WAS (opponent has Holmes)
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Fear is a belief – beliefs can be changed.
So much to say...
that makes sense.. You create more conscious theatre goers.
haha, im sick of chillen. I'm ready for fast paced shit.
I wish you'd realize what you're doing...
Any idea what the deal was with South Park last night? Something is going on...
now accepts "hopefully" for both "in a hopeful manner" and "it's hoped." Grammar: 0 – Laziness: 1
Post game interviews coming up next on the field
Gonna kick butt on writing today then my reward tonight: William Friedkin speaking at directors closeup.
Most Popular Food , iWould Have To Say McDonald's Becuss Everyone Has Ate It Before..
Offense sells tickets. Defense wins games!!!
U.S. construction spending increased slightly in March
did you ever get to trade for an mlb login?
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 GUYS $5 $2 DRINKS TILL 12 ( TOP SELF INCLUDED) HOSTED BY DJ ROK &
flacco goes against my cardinals...start him, nuff said
Can school never happen? Like worldwide they should abort all further education.
so tru most underrated rapper ever.
Second best thing to the #colts winning the #superbowl is the #giants beating the evil #patriots AWESOME!!!
Is Michael Brockers just a bigger Spears? - ESPN (blog)
you picking me up today?
i have had at happend you could get a refund if they didnt warn you about before you purchased the room
Follow me and I'll give you 1% of my IQ!
Downing me and.shit.man.people so fucked up
Ya know,ten years ago tonight i met the devil in the pale moonlight...
RT : We're at Kirk Division interviewing bus drivers today!
Do you have 2,000-plus Facebook friends and consider yourself a "fanatic"? We want to talk to you! Email .
Transcendent Man is worthwhile regardless of claims of being overly optimistic
How can a man get raped ? That doesnt match up.
My back muscles have issues with my chest muscles and now i have a piched nerve
127 miles from D.C!
Yes sir -- you comin' next time?
Gearing up for another sold out tour in the - what are you all doing for dinner tonight???
on February 14 released their first song #11:11 and now draws his May 14 second song #Saysomethin :)
We surely perish for the lack of knowledge...
Pair the flicks and snacks: homemade blackberry vodka, homepickled onions, BBC Pride & Prejudice, Terminator 2.
follow me and no one gets hurt(;
Yes, presenting. I've never been to Ireland so I'm especially excited.
Let's do it all over again tonight. Ya know.
Game changer.
did you see that we carry Upland?
Oy, even getting ready for Copenhagen is expensive.
Okay. We will go with that.
Rocking to Mumford & Sons through #AppleTV while doing homework.
Sorry Bro , Acting Like A Dick Doesn't Make Yours Any Bigger . #BeAGentlemen .
appreciate it man..having practice right now..stop thru whenever..Just Sundays and Wednesdays now..
or subliminally fitting
Agreed RT : is about his business, one of the hottest artist in the game.
": Remember the past, plan for the future, but live for today, because yesterday is gone and tomorrow may never come."
I'm your local rep -- just left you a message. Looking forward to speaking with you.
kinda wants to go past the govt center, out of morbid curiosity.
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
That's not what I meant when I said the thing about letting Greinke finish games, earlier.
Definitely have met people who don't like ketchup...never anyone that doesn't like BBQ sauce.
No one ever wants to hang out when my hair looks good
Amen beautiful!
With or without u im gonna prosper
It appears everyone is affected by a tumultuous stock market including the super rich, like Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Helu.
Watching "Criminal Minds" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Thank you all for serving our country and risking your lives to keep us safe. Happy #VeteransDay!
Phone storage space is low...maybe I should delete something Lol
Omw to see stinky :)
I really wanna go to the beach and just lay down on the sand with some good music and some lemonade <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>
#5ThingsICantStand My crush, Ben Richards, Girlfriend
Here is a breakdown of this year's #Sponsorship Opportunities for The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism bit.ly/SponsorshipOpportunities
Hungry, bro.
sup...hours later
11/15 #dailythanks: going out, but being more excited to come home for dinner
cause you're weird kid
SocialVolt is attending #socialIRL this morning with and
Thanks to our new followers!
Every day an adventure. Every challenge an opportunity. Every dream a possibility.
omg!! what a night it was at Roc Bar!! Def got Brandon way fucked up and had some great times with allot of people. i got shawasted myself …
Thank you for the random compliment :)
Random ass tweet lol RT We reduce everything to sets of Data.
": Or know any ladies who fit that criterion, I got a dude for you to meet" hit up she might be interested
''Oh, I've been to Ann Arbor for a football game. Are those people serious or is that how they really act all the time?'' - Florida resident
Hello - I registered via Google but have not received license key. Not urgent, but checking that you received it. Thanks.
Saw #InTime last night - great concept!! can act!
we found dove in a soapless place
trying to figure out how to get around this new obstacle.
#FF Follow them! They are the Best so Hit the follow button! :)
I had to cook, it's been several days since I've been able to chew real food. Sigh.
writing a letter (not even an essay) for a scholarship and I feel like it';s 10x better than my college essay! I'm only on the 3rd sentence.
LOL - trying to get back to tweeting regularly. I actually missed it.
HIM: Not sure. Felt fine yest....think its flu. Can't keep shit down all day....
I can't stand to watch those ASPCA commercials on tv. I start to cry and change the channel.
stay hungry, stay foolish
somewhere between "so" and "so so"
yooooo B! Follow me back
Looking forward to your vetting of private citizen Brian Slagle. Glad you're standing up to the little guy.
"Jazz is an eternal mission that transcends all strategy and all intelligence." - Wayne Shorter
Safe to say I'm not having a good day =/
no, we both know you enjoyed it. S-a-f-e-t-y safety dannceee
RT : Women are the biggest users of social media.
that's great!
My cat has decided she likes to be cleansed with warm washcloths. This now makes me her butler.
blender does allow exporting at .stl file - which will work in the neighborhood 3d printers - turns out we are who we thought we were
because i want to get my wife flowers of course.
At least Kofi rightfully has a strap back around his waist.
Great friends to
Gota used coffee table
I really enjoyed hearing speak to the #Fishers #GOP club at #ClaudeandAnnies tonight with
Zoo be zoo be zoo...
I pretty sure Obama can beat Romney, but if Romney's VEEP has presidential hair as well then there could be trouble.
Get the September issue of FANGORIA to read about my audition for CREATURE!!! :D
I just got chased by a dog, luckily I had on my free runs so I took off on that bitch lol. I forgot how much fun that shit is.
": I kno u can sit there and act like everything good when it really ain't...I show no love tho....m oh well"
I refuse to be labeled by people who can't possibly know what my life has been like. It's presumptuous on your part.
Does the rest of North Carolina really hate Charlotte? Tomorrow we'll have our first ever NC cities favorability poll
the snow is almost melted, except for the porch of the tiny house next door - no one lives there
what was it a picture of
what happened?
It took many hours yesterday but finally got Git & Drush installed on remote server for the first time & pulling from github.
C'mon Timbers, less than an hour now. Bring us home a win.
THANKS! We appreciate all you do in spreading the word. Conversations are the way to victory.
Where is with some beer n wings.
When in doubt... just LOVE
I love me some right bout now...
De gud life.
Happy Holi day to all my friends
did i get that right? is farmville, like, the most-played popular game ever.. on FB or everywhere?
“: Go online, got a ton of packages!”thanks Brendan I'll tell them you sent us. Now let's win a race SOON
Make sure you take the time to just relax and/or have some fun!
Thank God for grandma!
hahaha I bet, going cold turkey for anything sucks!
Good balls I don't remember the last time I rode that was such a herkyjerky, stop and go, delayed mess.
There is just never enough time in the day!
Well SHOUT SHOUT haha
#in Mega Hair Elite's Hair Waxing Services In Our Boston Area Salon! Your Choice, a full body wax or just your eyebrows!
haha - sorry dude. Friday is my social media day!
So sorry! But so funny!
No you don't- be aggressive (but not too aggressive)! Girls can be shy, too.
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood
when you plan to watch a movie but you can't find it so you just read messages.
All these #Mifflin2012 kids tweeting photos of mimosas and bloody marys? At #Mifflin1990 it was kegs of Old Milwaukee. That's the list!
If rental yields are good, why not?
"poof - gone" literally LOL! i dont have a filter either!
Hard to type w/birdie feet ;)
Was reading Ginsberg's Howl today when it occurred to me that almost every line would fit as a single tweet. One line one breath one tweet.
Curtis Granderson name thrown in AL MVP conversation. Cabrera, Ellsbury, Verlander & Bautista also In topic
likewise. Thank you for putting that on. was so great. I really had a blast!
Ah #Cowboys do it again... Least we can still win the division
I'm not worried about shortening my life, I'm worried about the quality of the life I'm living.
The album Day Of Mourning by Despised Icon is the shit while you lift.
Plodder at work. Bam Morris...
I got yelled at for shaking my head at someone! Duude
Of course. ^_^
what state are you from?
And that is where we differ. But what do I know, I'm just a content producer. RT Literary market is not unlike any other market.
your sexy ass is going to be on my tv.
#dsoc #sla2011 other polling sources- roper center, Polling the Nations, pew res center 4 people & the press
I encourage you to go to the Red Line meeting and express your viewpoint.
I'm from NC but I gotta agree witcha on dat 1!
in Finland, right?
Of course. I picked Figgins first in my fantasy draft.
I guess I can use any format that works on the iPad
do all-girls schools have boys bathrooms?
Already at 40,000 ft before I discovered chilis too made me a quesadilla with no cheese
Cops are at my school. Go figure.
First time driving since surgery.
I just feel sad for the people that don't listen to
That's awesome! See you there! :)
Big range in libraries! "designer won't let me show teens fabric samples" <-> 100 teens plan space w/ architects
Thank you for the follow!
RT : Yesterday's last day of class means that today's the first day of grading!
We cannot control the evil tongues of others; but a good life enables us to disregard them.
Alternative energy initiatives combat rising gas prices. Economic Ignoramus? Stop using terms you don't understand.
New Dr Who? Some of them are hot. That might have been it.
Hey man you rock, love the podcast!
good stuff!
i love my ice cream sundaes lol
Is it bad that I'm rooting against the inspiring underdog team in this movie because they're playing Texas?
your grommets are OUT OF LINE!
Best 1 in a long time! Madonna killed it! RT : What did you guys think of the halftime show?
Watching the Immortals, getting dinner and then my bday party? I'm living the dream.
The hospital's neurological floor is better than an episode of Cops. Police & security here again...this time assault charges are in order.
THE PEACE OF GOD EMPOWERS YOU TO SEE CLEARLY THROUGH EVERY CHALLENGE every moment is a gift love & loyalty always DNICOLE
Just reached for the hand sanitizer thinking it was my water bottle. Time to send me home...
Study: Women of color least likely to have mentor who is white and at sr level; mommy wall affects them more than men
Can't wait to go taste&chat w/ Alana, the owner of Tredici Market in Wayne this am. She's a alum like me
Not enough money in the world...
Yes! is an absolute must! We can make the plans on our way up to SB for Edward Sharpe!
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state . (y)
Day 3 of #21daychallenge. It's on like donkey kong.
Why does Ted Nugent have to be a Republican? "Wang Dang Sweet Poontang" is the jam.
Is it just me or is Andrew Garfield,hot?!?haha
I love Publix(: they know me by name there<3
New profile picture, colors and background!!!
Caitlin says i never tweet:(
thanks you so much! That means a lot to us. Check back in a couple days for the site!
This is a boring ass movie.
Nice!! See you tonight!
I LOVE this story it's so adorable!!:) Can't wait for the next chapter!!:)
Technology???? The shitz a
Just got done watching The Dew Tour.........what a great job Wade and Allo Sports along with NBC are doing with this event!
LeBron dwade can we get a big win tonight! Against Lob City la clip show!?
I love you, two- grew up a Detroit fan. Old Tiger Stadium with my hard-working day who made time to go to park
Thanks for sharing this post with your followers
will do!
Use your smile to change the world, don't let the world change your smile!
Chernobyl diaries is already scaring me. :(
I worry Pierce will play in slow motion tonight like he did at the end of Tuesday's game? What do you think?
u need 2 get on the vo
thanks Ariel. I will check out the salon and keep Logan in mind for 4-6 weeks from now :-)
what's up in your life?
The 3 most important factors that influence home sales: price, price, price.
Have you checked out WikiMeg.com?
I just made a dinner reservation for next weekend at Flying Fish Cafe. Fingers crossed we can sit at chef's table!
winky wink bum bum
Way to go Heejun!!!!
Oh my gosh, like, totally!!!!
Not meeting your 2012 #fitnessgoals ? Were they realistic, attainable, or important to you? It's never too late to reevaluate!
! it's your lion
you are a dog person. ;)
Pin wheel of death
Haven't been able to sleep so foreskin tired but lol
Cards need to take advantage and get this win tonight and tomorrow
we killed it \m/
Look whose on 's homepage under member news. It's me! Or, it's www.aarweb.org
y'all i might never leave the awesome staff, yummy bath products, tasty coffee+muffins in the lobby, NYT at my doorstep...
Powerful last sentence. #ShabbatShalom !
friendz change on you real quick str8-up!
Love this question asks: "how do you put out content that's social by design?" Goal: to always start convos via
Need to drink about a gallon of water.
I almost just made a peanut butter and spaghetti sauce sandwich. Glad this week is ending.
Kudos to organizing and working on the great #NSMN event tonight!
Another rain-filled and humid day in DC. We need the rain for the deficit- and after today it's over for a while.
most in high places always look low at those in low places but they fail to realise that those in low places are moving to higher places
you're at Torre del Greco often! Is it a place with many restaurants?
Perfect! DB told me to stop with the overuse of Baudrillard ;) I'm nabbing this book.
it's because I'm awesome ;-) well maybe I can come visit! I've been dying to explore LA! Your new project looks amazing!
Tell Her About It by Billy Joel was the #1 song on this day in 1983. Billy is my man.
RT Did u miss Leadville? If u did, check out www.raceacrossthesky.com Coming to Madison. Gonna be great.
How can we expect a harvest of thought who have not had a seed-time of character? – Henry David Thoreau
All right. Let's get to work! Got some sweeping to do.
why why why
i heard you're doin you, you heard i'm doin better
The dance was cool...
Henny and ginger ale... Lovely
I already miss you.
Rondos so dumb
Working on space usage of a new office space and test kitchen in Kenesaw Ga.
Ben's mom was watching Luke &asked if he preferred 2 go 2 Taco Bell or McDonalds & he replied Wasabi!
I'm a tad bit concerned that I won't be able to control myself now that we have classic in the office.
OMG I just had tthe craziest dream dude :-)
so great to see you for 5 seconds today at -- next time lunch or dinner!??!
Today has been a rough one. So many things are on ME to get done. Cuz If I dont make it happen it wont.
Don't apologize for being a man; embrace your natural desires and instincts.
Getting some fabulous submissions for our summer issue! Thanks guys! :)
lmao yeah, I was so #Unwanted, now I get an "I miss you/I love you" text like every other day...wtf is this about lmao
DAT BLACK OPS 2 TRAILER!!!! So awesome, I'm game you guys are the best!
I really need to get in there.
Based on twitter and email feedback, I'd say you're correct.
Start strong, stay strong
They'd rather copy wht they see instead of coming up with something new.
Two more Secret Service agents resign over Colombia scandal
oh, right! twitter!
I Remember Freshman Year I Always Walked Fast To Class So I Wouldn't Be Late , Now I Just DGAF
Yes, round two. does #rootwire also come with a complementary 9am wakeup call?
The first product Motorola started to develop was a record player for automobiles.
#BOYFRIEND is on repeat right now (:
Thanks so much for the RT! Have a great weekend!
RT I determine that my life will be used to bring HONOR! Honor to those beside me, those following behind me, & those who've gone b4!
hell yeah i been slakcin
today was good got stuff from kop
taylor gang or try to ride 2 skateboards at once
Thanks for the follow, we are following back.
both but i can be in cliftown whenever since we still have our place until july, after this weekend when are you thinkin?
I try not to half-ass anything. I feel fine, even without the meds. I seem to have a high tolerance for pain
I just want to run away :'(
"Buying is emotion backed by logic" Roland Nairnsey of
when are your new posters coming out?? Can't waif to buy it!
MVP Systems Software Adds New Microsoft Dynamics Adaptor to JAMS Job Scheduler
made the song #Boyfriend just for me!jelous ? JK
YES! will you join us? We are going to find a way to raise money for our favorite organizations as a motivator!
well, at least I did when I used to write things :)
sounds delicious
6:33 am here; near Chicago, IL!
Out and about? Want to be? Late Night Happy Hour at 10, $5 Drafts. Turn Tuesday into TUESDAY!
Sup? Im fuckin dying here outta boredom :/
Nasty traffic on the 805 north, if you're trying to get the 15...beware!!
I don't know if I'd say that PAINT YOUR WAGON deserves a critical reappraisal, but there's a *something* there, on a proto-Brokeback level.
Lets show them what were made of fellas.
Many thanks to for bringing in some of their new Jalepeño Mozzarella Bagel Breakfast Sandwiches... Good stuff
By George I've got it!
They said it "derek jeter, one of the hottest hitters in the game" #ThatsRight and people were questioning retirement last year
Thanks! Right Billy?
Time for the last Delta Omicron meeting of the year!
Glazing workshop on Sunday was AWESOME! Learned so much. My goal for 2012. Get some of my pots on Etsy!
We would like to look into this. Can you give us the direction and time you got to the stop? Thank you.
contemplating why i became a lawyer
it sucks here... dont do it. lol
Because Erik is a righteous dude!
.. no comment!
can we though? Let's go to a show or play Mario Kart or something!
I know you love putting sweetener in your coffee, have you ever tried ? Its natural and 0 calories, try it!
Good luck tonight. GO RAMS!!
KEEP YOUR HEAD HIGH, and your middle finger HIGHER.
me too! Can't wait!
Looking for best Japanese restaurant in town? #miku across convention center #AERA12 #AERA2012 simply orgasmic
National Small Business Week: Step Ahead Services small business Fact #3: Our fleet includes Flex-Fuel and Hybrid vehicles.
Thanks and back at you!
#WhyDoiAlways find myself getting In trouble with my friends? We all mean well. We just go about it differently haha
I had Missouri losing to FL in one bracket and Marquette in the other...pretty happy about that upset!
#rusaprog on social media in libraries from surprised at how many people aren't sold on twitter etc
followed ;D
Devil Get Up Off Me
hahahahaha :) your funny lol Dang I really don't know how people can tweet so much haha like BAWK TWEET TWEET TWEET !!!!!
Custom Website Promo, $500 Bucks get you a custom 8 page website with CMS dashboard built in to make live edits anytime
best tweet ever.
biting licking sucking
Care about the future of libraries? Today help program chair Joe Janes finish this sentence: the ischool MLIS program should __
I DID MY JOB LOL :) 143
me either! :)
#Gratitude: paper airplanes, coconut cream cake, molly bolts, busy week done, sun, gardening, cordless blinds hung, dogs snoring.
What will Mansfield do at KSU?
Sometimes i still sit up at night and think...why do i still love you.?
#FF to some awesome folks-
the problem for Hilo they no more arms left - gonna be tough...but lets hope
When? I didn't feel it!
I know she's not sleeping, but I'll stay down here, have a smoke. It's not like she's crying or anything. >.>
Debuting my charity shirt tomorrow at the gym, 5 AM. Now I just need to get to sleep.
thanks for the follow Megan!
hey, nice art in the office!
I hope he's so adorable him and Niall and Zayn and Liam and Louis <3
Men in uniform >>> M
to sleep per chance to dream of a happy Tuesday! Xx
follow back?
Will score another one? We need to get in the game...
I need 2 book u as a guest on my online radio show Brown Sugar N Spice...I'll holla as my launch date nears.
everyone's safe, thanks! How about your host family?
Rafael Nadal grinds past Jarkko Nieminen at Monte Carlo Masters ...
Today's game is not gonna help Knicks Heat relations.
Happy Tuesday: Fashion fun, who was your favorite dress at this year's annual Costume Institute Gala ?
Mother Love= Priceless.
Happy Birthday
Someday I'll wake up without an endless "to do" list. I don't know if I should look forward to that day, or fear it.
: Is the House doing all it can to create jobs via online #poker licensing? Support HR 2366, the Online #Poker Act!
KORACH IS BACK?! HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS?!
Remember when TW were on Elvis Duran and he tried to be all multicultural & use the word wanker in a sentence but he used it horribly wrong
“: Ice your own kicker, great call jason garrett” dumbest thing I've seen in a while.
Thanks everyone for checkin in on me. Surgery went great, doc says the bones look great! Tired and my wrist hurts like hell, but I'm good.
Well, you are looking rather svelte these days... but still.
6 hours, 17 inning, position players pitching and countless laughs & curse words.
Big happy birthday to our man !!!
oh, so THATs Scully. I thought he did radio. But yeah, he's good. Don't need anyone else.
Thanks for the RT!!
That was a long night .. Waiting for my babe to get here then going to sleep !
Any questions for the next upcoming weeks?
Pigeons on the roof like ghost dog
It's my birthday today :)
Thankful for family, friends, food, shelter, health, wisdom, pets, music, art, flowers, coffee and chocolate. Thankful I can give.
To all the new follower, thank you! I follow back.
just got cast in the role of Malik in the feature film "BLEMISHED LIGHT" Good players on board as well. I look forward to playing with them!
I'm sending those tomorrow mane! GET WORK DONE!
Mind you I am supposed to be doing an experiment on "How to Lose a Heap Followers in 10 Days" but people love the ratchetness
Chris Cooper wants to move beyond moody rednecks, and I applaud that, but his performance in The Tempest makes me long for Matewan.
Laughing to myself as I hear the Metrodome crowd go KUHN
It was time to move on. Too much commuting, and I'm not one for regular work weeks.
Got to talk to my friend T Ray today, realized how much I miss good friends that are far away... I'm lucky my friendships defy geography.
All of Twitter is going in on Tweet her handle in the search. She is the most hated woman on Twitter since yesterday.
do you love your outfit?(:
Still eating this cake from yesterday. I managed to give almost half to my sister. That still leaves me eating half a cake.
you playing intermural soccer?
Resi's Bierstube may have fish right now (they have had it for Lent in the past). Or O'Donovan's (eh). I wish St Ben's had one.
I just took on the lead role of the mistress in the feature film murder mystery "The Manic Mistress" filming this spring... Gonna be fun!!!
is not only a person but he is my hero<3
umm of course you are gonna be ! :)
Morning Fb. What's your plate this week?
This would be where he plugs RT : : Kpark had a lot to do with Yates not looking like Yates yesterday.
Zite's "Entrepreneur" section should be renamed "Narcissists and Sociopaths."
We are located in San Jose and serve most of the South
At 5:19 left...Spero Dedes just said "The Knicks cruising to another win"...has he seen a 4th qtr of a Knicks game in the shot clock era?
RT : If I’d asked people what they wanted, they would have said a faster horse ~ Henry Ford #creativity #quote #rocktheretweet R…
lol homework lol I join the seattle team of Tunes for Tots for the Make-A-Wish foundation
Small glitch in the system 4 the contest today, but voting is back up & running until 11:59:59 PST tonight! Get those last minutes votes in!
#NF RT : ....Hi...to all of the twitter world that is ha ha. And I can't forget to say, No Pressure No Diamonds Lady Bears
sadly couldn't find those
Awww your heart is broken isn't it ?
We all conspiring ~
check www.firmsolutionsltd.com & see how our solutions can help you improve efficiency, profitability & productivity.
Ah... I missed the "co-worker" part! And the meth, too... now I get it! So sad, especially for kids... they never understand.
something tells me the next two weeks are gonna fucking rock.
First-ever 3 p.m. newscast to launch in Denver Wow.
for those keeping score it is Whitlock-1 and The World-0
lets do it.
please lose the LIVE bug on your taped coverage. Djoker Monaco is over.
And student selection? How much leeway should public charters have regarding the students they serve? Would Cartmenez be admitted?
Second, if anyone quotes a figure that you can earn by game testing which sounds too good to be true, it<U+0092>s because it probably is
Homie 90033 we don't hear you over here. lol
I love it. The name of every student and the scholarships they have been awarded are being read aloud...totaling over $2million
proud of you and thankful for your greatness! Proud to be a #Packers fan, #GoPackGo!!!!
Sad because you dont notice my existence:( i love you<3<3<3
to your question "What would you do with more free time?" More time would allow me to skype with my family.
Good ol Golden Nugget...love the new renovations!
The Night School band blog has been updated with info about a special performance. Go to www.nightschooled.blogspot.com to check it out.
A wise girl kisses, but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.
Some days my phone battery is like, “I'm here for you bro.” Other days it's like “Hey man, Fuck you lmao
. nice response. who took the jam out of your donut?
First round of golf for the season today!
do it
Happiness doesn't depend on what we have, but it does depend on how we feel towards what we have. - W.D. Hoard
Marriage is a beautiful thing! Congrats to the newlyweds Robert & Ariana Garcia!
Anytime yo. :) but alright we shall talk tomorrow.
I can't believe it's Derby Day! I've seen every derby for the last 18 years...
Thank you for your strength and inspiration. Your book has given me a lot of clarity and hope.
I love your Boo Babbles good for you, i always have u in my prayers my irsh bud
sugar we're going down - FOB
Reading "…coupled with high-throughput DNA sequencing subsequently permitted…" I cannot say anything other than sub-SEE-quent
haha on my other account I'm my name Misti an beside it I'm Park Min-Hyo in hangul an I def don't look Korean
“: best roommates ever?! #R&R” Uh, YEAH! Hell!!
Wine recommendations from women 30 years your senior might be good. The cork might suck though.
Screw it the wife wins!
drinks out with my friends in Wanaka. Love this Sunday Funday!
The world needs Peace
Your site works fine usin a Mac with FireFox.
RT Pavel Datsyuk, David Backes and Patrice Bergeron have been named finalists for the Selke Trophy, best defensive forward
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...you approve a "someone tag you in a post" thing & it says="Now You Gotta Say where you ARE!" no CIA, I don't!
Ok, I guess it's time to finally get out of my car & get to work lmao... Later Rushers <U+2665> ;)
Hotel booked in Hell's Kitchen
Thanks so much! Happy to be here.
Has there ever been a professional athlete that went from being so loved to so hated like Lebron James?
"Elton from Clueless / the guy who is now in Law & Order is here" "wasn't he also in 6ft Under?" "I'm talking about his roles that matter."
..it is by grace you have been saved. Ephesians 2:4-5
that an iPad (limited revenue) ad experience can take place on a mobile smartphone via QR code (huge revenues)
Heads or tails?
Just said goodbye to family starting my 2495 mile bus ride to Washington D.C.!
We hope you are able to come in for dinner :)
No Prob! :) Thnx For Following Back. :)
You act as if you're perfect when you're far from it.
down, down, down, down. ok ill put a picture up after i get done!
Trying to get my younger boys out the door for school, this mommy has lots to do today.
#mulesummit Paris talking about High Availability with Mule, looks easy, built-in clustering
All ive been doing is hanging out and making money while doing it so I'm not complaining
Banjo time.
That's so awesome!
Fellas, when having sex doggy style pull her head back as far as it can go.
First tornados. Now snow. Strange weekend.
Tim Cahill just seems out of his depth. Lots of positions and no policies. Tim Cuthill more like... The politics of pure cynicism!
"hey girl, how you doing? My name is Charlie, last name Wilson. & I was wondering if I can take you out, show you a good time"
Running around with my dad!(:
My body is still on CST so his 7 is my WHY THE HELL ARE WE NOT DRINKING YET!?
What type of workouts do you like to do?
Much needed couch time 2nite after starting new exercise regimen, including weights. Oh, what I wouldn't give 4 a cheeseburger!
Shawn why did u say why
Good day for Beer and Basketball! Bring the dog.
#Karmaloop caramel soup
Godfather of the Bride
your welcome Chuck Chubs :]
The most disappointing moment of the night: in a group of 11 college kids, nobody knew who Schroeder was.
This gurl stay having her hand up
People that dis on are jeleous cuz they cant ball like him! Let's go rebels! #let'srun
. Yup, it's not a game without tweets!
Prayers appreciated about to take twin1 in for an important appt. while twin2 spends 2hr w/principal while suspended. Lord heal my babies!
you did! And ghost stories!!! Best present ever!
Am I the only one that sees some herpes-like thing on Courtney's upper lip? It was there last week too.
why the hell am i up so early?
Eggs, mahi mahi, tuna, and rice don't mix well....
my new motto courtesy of : "no boys on valentines day"
Yeeaaa! Happy tuesday too you too!!!
Mulva/Junior Mint episode is on TBS right now.
send pictures
If you want to know what all this #CES business is about, feel free to dm me
Working on Photoshop for Gia Fragalli Creations!!!!!!!
USDE Office of Civil Rights investigating suspensions, AP access, inequalities of resources in the education system.
Thanks to all for a great show last night at the Republic Kitchen! See you again soon.
WTF!? I dont even know who this kid is!
What did #ResLife staffs listen to on move out day before "Closing Time" was written?
Thank you! I'm so excited!! :)
I sing a little, draw a little, write a little. And it's your fault. n-n
I break for #cats !
Working late this weekend to present to you the first line from Simply Color Paints!
I'll go with just Bacon.
my life is not my own. Lord I will go where YOU want me to go and do what YOU want me to do. Daddy, I trust YOU.
So there's a third voice? Or many?
Sadly, Current TV to most people means the latest episode of The Bachelor and American Idol.
He who cannot forgive others destroys a bridge over which he himself must pass.
The neighbor's sewer pipe is broken again and a gusher of turds are flowing down the hill by my office.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 323
Just when I'm completely depressed by bigotry in the news, comes on my feed to wish me a Happy Grilled Cheese Day. Ah, love.
and Happy Mothers Day, hope you had an amazing day you deserve it
#TeamUnited Go! Go! Go! Go!
There is nothing stronger than gentleness.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW BACK
#victorymarmoset might be my favorite thing of the early season
i want to see mib3
Good morning y'all what's for breakfast ? Oo by the way happy birthday to the homie ron carrillo one of the flyone krew let's do this bro !
Going to sleep not for the bull shit tonight...
Nothing seems to wake me up like a nice workout, no thanks coffee I am good
WAR'S "Me and Baby Brother"...getting ready for WAR at Socorro Entertainment Center this Saturday and Sunday.....yea!!
please follow back!! I love you so much!! Should I give up on tryin to get you to follow back!! Please follow back!(;
#stuffed who wants to help with the tree and decorations?
Happy Birthday Bob Marley
nice hit although he could have been called for a helmet to helmet
Another song you don't want to hear in jail: "Because love won't let me wait" oh (in my Luther Vandross voice!)Lol!
and you kissed me like you meant it. and I knew, that you meant it.
Going to try and make A #sensory swing.. a little diferent then the one he has .. he can use this one more on his own :)
Meeting today at Sony about rebooting D.A.R.Y.L. / This may sound funny but some things should not be joked about. cc:
only some of the time. Occasionally the flat-earthers take over.
Film tomorrow night at the museum at 7: a short doc spotlighting Sim Graham, aka Mattress Factory Outlet's gorilla mascot on E. Market.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes
So excited! Just found out is touring in early 2012. He better be coming to Philly!
My families thought and prayers are with you bro
Closets changed, along with fragrances for the warmer weather. Sleeping pattern changed for earlier sunrise and longer day.
11:11 pm on 11/11/11. ;) Make a wish you guys and be positive about it. :)
"Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it." ~Leonardo da Vinci
RT : it was best 4 months ever, no matter which program it is, study abroad will be the best experience & youre...
I used to drink worse shots I guess. My cocktail of the day 1 part lemon juice, 1 part apple cider vinegar, 1 part olive oil.
shiut posted at tha crib watching scream && talking to you
This bitch drive like she got no sense. Lmfao if I die find her
And don't blame Red Hook. McLovin yes, Red Hook no.
Welcome to the Facebook page of After School Products. We offer products for after school programs that kids love.
Flattery will go far tonight.} {If I told you someone in this room is gay who do you think it would be?
MANHATTAN AFFAIR
appreciate yourselves
RT : Get your ?s in now for today. Joining us will be &
This might take the cake. The Skins loss to the Saints was maybe worse but had nowhere near this at stake.
Welcome back
Nothing but Beastie Boys trending! Love it!
got 6.66 gallons of free gas today because the power surged in the middle of pumping. stuff like this never happens to me.
lol we use to always play that
Meeting's starting
Those Pauly D star t shirts are the new Ed Hardy shirts
Nailing down more series details this afternoon! Can't wait to share next week. Until then, don't forget to sign up - you can win tomorrow!
Sessions, yes, crying.
Actually use your data! Understand your audience! What a novel idea. (Suddenly I want to go to Muncee, Indiana - )
#WhatILoveMost a shower after the beach
#gc2016 is in Portland. Maybe we'll have home field advantage.
Yeah, I Kept calm and started laughing and Salad was talkin to me. But when I fell it was nbd. Lol
#EricHovde campaign: He has submitted the 4,000 signatures necessary to get on the ballot for U.S. Senate, collected from 61 of 72 counties.
what the fairy godmother is going to deliver to your from C....A.????
Super seven Lauri! Great job! Have fun at W&D!!
FB RT: Leonard Cohen recites a verse in this ad for Sony 3-D TV.
Will enjoy watching the well oiled Thunder team open another can of whoop @$@^ on the Lakers
Guess what? That advice you gave me helped. I swear your are the gnarliest advice giver!
": Kissing a girl on the cheek(good) kissing girl in the mouth (awesome) Kissing girl in front of her ex (boss)"
Forecast for Friday: Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s. Northeast winds around 5 mph.
funny story... During Spanish (at 10:14) me & my friend got out of our desk & started yelling, so worth the trouble!
YES,I really did
I want revenge.
idk your call
.. power, money, success, vanity, beauty, fashion, freedom and the unexpected becoming expected....Sofia Fellini
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!19
I would like to see tweets on college tuition, education, and healthcare
"The only way to stop calvin johnson is to tackle him before the ball gets there" so true.
Well see if you get anothervl phone call from me ever.
It's Wacky Wednesday! Mention this to our office at 703-642-3277 & get $10 Prime or $7 Economy Tkts for the Light Everlasting concert!
"Free Alarm" is the first lie many alarm companies will tell you. Why would you buy security from someone who started out by lying to you?
Fixed rates fell to record lows -- pushing new mortgage activity higher.
It's okay!! I love you too:) We'll miss ya!!
me & are hitting up the bottles 2night. Gonna have a jam session & drunk mix thru the night. Maybe snort some off the platter! JK
I'm watching the fight right, and you pop out behind mayweather ! :D # amazing moment ;D
:) i never saw this coming! glad i got the 100th tweet lol get feeling better babe :D
Ran into an old friend and the first thing that came out of my mouth was "my birthday is in a week!" i get my smoothest skills from
I know I fuck up.. and for that I'm not sorry but.. apllying it to be better..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!! :D
Thank you, Clifford Roberts + Bobby Jones. Augusta leadership in perpetuity...
#oomf doesn't realize how completely adorable he is. i'm sure mr. right is out there, waiting for him. <U+263A>
I guess....lol! Still don't totally get twitter.
#newplay You got one? I'll shout it out.
Achievement unlocked: matte screen protector applied to MacBook Pro in less than three attempts!
Christmas episode was deep.... Great episode guys!
Step 10 often forgotten task - document your experience! Full text search doesnot work; syntax rules differ #sqlpass 10 steps to SQL cloud
Dream Job has just been added to the ROCK STEADY show-this Sat. at #JBs in #Kent OH w/ Northern Whale, Attic Dreams &more
Blister in the Sun isn't just a Weezer song.
Spending the morning learning more about social media from Mari Smith.
Them 6th Graders Nakia Was Having A DisAgreement With In Gym . . Haha
"I Like them (the Media) Its no problem. They were here last year to" ~ Hee Seop Choi
Yeah, I hear you, it's a ground floor office and I got no windows. No ivory tower, no glass cylinder neither.
I personally paid for everything for you dealing with prom and you're still complaining ? #ungrateful smh
lol and guess who forgot to vote
loved your on you sexy beast!
Drop by after Bastille for a late night drink!! $3 powers $3 rumchata shots, and $5 sky cocktails! Petey Paul and Kyle tending bar! Party!
COME THROUGH AND CHECK US OUT! WWW.BLOCKSTARSONLINE.COM
#sharkweek who wakes up and says "i want to touch great whites when i get older" LMAO
that is so disturbing! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Stop Pressuring Me was HOT!!!!! Congrats
. We offer a social media class ! I know because I teach it :)
haha man that ones way old. 8133899616
Goal of the Day: Ice cream...donuts...chips...think of one item that you shouldn't eat and commit to reducing your intake of that item.
Follow me? :)
nanana #bostonredsox al day, we got real pride not band wagon jumpers!! Haha, healthy rivalry
now she need to have her face BEAT by me :-) !!!!
The movie Hugo is worth seeing in 3D. I really enjoyed it.
Thanks for giving me twitter tips!
Ugh! I hate being sick : \ Good morning though.
Ha! well, it's sure to be the sweetest month.
Does your family visit the pumpkin farm every year?
do you see a entrepreneurial opportunity in everything? I'd love to bounce an idea off a self described zealot.
That little dance your thumbs do when you aren't sure how to reply to a text..
Are you all caught up on Terrible People?? www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Kids of all ages - sign up today 4 the American Girl Holiday on Sun., Dec. 18 @ 6pm. Enjoy games, crafts & food celebrating these dolls!
We've got a 10 for 20 #Groupon #deal today after 5! You know you want it...
guys can you please give me a shoutout and i promise ill give you one ? <3
Libros Schmibros reopens today in Boyle Heights at noon! Stop by this week, Wednesday to Saturday, noon - 6PM and check us out!
When I was pregnant, and only 3 weeks from my due date, I worked in a Dr's office. Friday our schedule was already booked solid for Monda...
Your beachwear says it all, girlfriend. Literally have never been so happy to say TGIF in my life!
lol, I'll tell her before its too late
I have boy plants. I don't know why. :)
kerry collins = PSUAlum, just FYI lol (you know I am loyal lol)
your older than 12, Right?
horrible night. Going to bed.
Goldfish crackers are the only snacks that smile, probably because they're baked.
yes omg ily
well it sure is a good thing I don't remember that then huh? Lol
If white wine goes with fish, do white grapes go with sushi?
I need to eat something you feel me?
He sent me a winky face
gay doesnt mean stupid, asshole D< its offensive when you use it like that
Hell Yea Exile is the shit. Definitely going to try to make it up.
No one has ever been able to pull off a mock turtle neck like Carl Sagan.
It's time for another staff writer meeting which is just code for some good old fashioned sex olympics in Tom's living room
I had to say that... Lol
RT : Chargers officially retire No. 55
Im not sure what happened, you made me feel like i was worth everything and then today you just seemed like i was just another girl to you.
Too everyone going to Bassnectar tonight....F you
Eww! I hate when I can see someone's crack when they sit down! Put your buttcrack away.
i'm not drowning
*sigh* The USA economy is doing better per
thanks for the RT! Haven't seen you in a while - how have you been?
organizing the closet today…
Starbucks...Hell yeah!
like me? cause I say SHIZZZ a lot. A LOT.
Being in C#hicago was fun yesterday...today I will explore my city! ~
that said, Machida ranks top of my list for a Jon Jones rematch. I don't see any other of his past opponents more dangerous.
Maybe I'm just not getting it but everytime I see a dude wearing capri pants I think he's gay.
Seriously!? This whole spam thing is getting really old. I guess it's time to change my password!
Anyone looking for an internship? Email us, we have a lot going on and you could help! Real world experience
Work peep: "That's exactly what we need. How did you find it?" Me: "Former librarians have mad search skills." Work peep: "Yeah, they do!"
I love the new Twitter layout.
Worth reading?
Good morning everyone haven't been on twitter for a while. I've been very busy with my book. I'm back now for about two weeks.
I knocked back one for each TD in the falcons playoff game XLV year. Good shit
just looked it up, I'm down
Happy Hump Day everyone. Hope its as productive and gratifying as mine will be!
Pointless apology/ I'm good I'm gone
Okay, now this dude is giving away free tortillas and sriracha
she ha her bf text me LOL
Congrats. Enjoy your time at home.
ok how the hell did i lose 2 followers dont use me to get a follow then leave me hanging i clean my twtter closet every monday
Coaches- Tell them what to do instead of what not to do.
Hey, great job on the #SLP call today. Brad liked your pitch. cc
know how much u suck? Amare would rather fight fire extiguishers than play in the playoffs i wish the bulls got u guys
oh you comfy, huh?
what did you do?...lol
I don't understand why people try to make other people feel guilty for them.
Gourmet News covering Buyer's Best Friend -- awesome story: "provides additional channel for producers, brokers and buyers."...
Goodnight! I bet it's going to be amazing! <3
hahahahaha dont let it go to your head ;P
Madison County Sheriff: Erik J. Weaver
Know of any good sublet apt. deal in NYC Hell's Kitchen or theater district for couple starting in August, 9 mos.-1 yr. or so? DM me if so.
Talk to Rickey Live on Skype add me armrickey07 The Man Behind The Shades www.rickeyleewatson.com
NBA Celebrity All Star Game Kevin Hart MVP lmafao
Before I get drunk, naked, thrown in jail, and/or loose my damn phone... Happy New Year!!!!
What Y'all On?
Boomerang lost my product key, says my trial is over. Help!
Originally had a day off. Now I have to work. At least its only a short shift. 2-6.
Panel discussions on commonalities of the Afro and Latin Americans... food, fun and discussion. Admission is $20.00
What is The Avengers and why is everyone talking about it?
seriously, UNC? a snow day for this, but you didn't cancel classes in january when it was 8 below with 30 mph winds...
This is weird... I'm not doing homework in drama!
We measure our service one gallon at a time, and so far we are the liters by a mile!
My left hand has been hurting really bad lately <U+E40F> what if I have arthritis
do u know there is not a day that goes by that i dont think of u?:)
Great #Designspeaks Seattle, thank you Design Co. Let's go get lost.
Hey! Congrats on joining Edelman!
Baylor is undisciplined and poorly coached Ky will run them off the court...the biggest sporting event in history of state nxt week
our path is very similar.
We've just received a big stack of HOUSTON 175! Give us a call if you'd like us to hold one for you to pick up! 713-523-0701
According to Fox News AARP pushed Health Care Reform. Now they are raising rates.
Midnight trip to steak and shake with
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! This world is better for having you in it!
Maybe my boy at FORMA can help wit your campaign. He beat your frenemy Norma Chavez. White boy in brown seat, he can help.
Sorry if you wanted to see us play Brooklyn last night. We were too busy pissing ourselves and getting in car accidents.
RT if you remember the time when #MalikMonday was trending every monday.
Still facing L's you would think the niggas wins was low
awww ! That was cute *smiles from ear to ear*
We need to make plans to hang at #NYSACAC. I'm thinking - ditch and drink wine plans.
how can tay and I give you guys money to get some tanks! Lemme know! You guys come play in Nashville !!!
Chain smokin loud like its a Newport <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC> - 2 Chaaaaaainz
Was up everyone. How was your day?
both very awesome! :D
lmao hahaha forreaaaaallll I like that you have that side of you a very caring person you can tell haha I was in good hands
My last night in Northern Michigan. It was great to spend my vacation up here with my best friend. Not ready to go back to work.
Its literally freezing here <U+2603>
And now I'm going to roast my Mom a chicken from the Farmer's Market with fresh fennel that she grew herself, bocce later. It's a banner day
Right when my mom leaves . This kid always crying :(
I had to leave early, I'm feeling sick :(
is a MASSIVE fan of the
Nice work, brother! Everyone at is proud of you.
I Cried When you said we'd be together forever but you left me on our anniversary.
Let me know if you ever get "Green Spot". Best Irish Whiskey ever. Thanks.
When will Chris Christie sign the bill expanding New Jersey's tax credit program for film and digital media production?
Ah this nigga got caught spooning with his girl....
Haven't been a 76ers fan in 20 years but they are issuing a "where my money" type beat down on Golden State right now
when I seen you I didn't recognize you until you came closer I was like Aw her nails are done look at you !
You should use it on your next box cover....who needs review quotes??
How many fed'l judges are bucking the OSCAR system for clerkship apps? Just heard from a little birdie that it's a growing trend ... on GP.
Men r so selfish it makes me sick
absolutely. on the mbta that is.
Have you bragged about yourself lately? You are your #1 Cheerleader so Bragg on!! I wana hear what you think of yourself!
yeah! XD I love my dogs so much ^_^
combined, of course, w/ the demands of always shopping (a 6thgrade grad dress, a new place to rent near her new school)
Why can't this weekend come sooner?
This Never Made So Much Sense. #Thru ..... YungronDaGeneral
lol Drob is a beast. He blew one I could careless its May. He'll be the best closer in baseball this year.
Q for 2012: What or who am I in service to?
I've got 1 hour to go before my local place opens up! Can't wait!
Thanks for the mention! Glad you liked the information about live Twitter chats. Hope you are enjoying
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired. ~ Robert Frost
Casey said I skirted. No pun intended!
How nice! What's the Boulder race in which you're competing?
Choo's on board, get him home Damon!
#FF awesome supporters of original content
it was all I could do to stop myself from doing that tngt but if I don't get a live link to the game up soon, I may have to
I feel bad for the guys who have girls as best friends because all they say is "I wish there was a guy like you." Stupid people irritate me.
unfortunately not for a bit, looking for a drummer. Know any?:)
Really wonderful camaraderie among these athletes. I'm excited for this team.
Sugar Cafe is open on Easter Sunday! Come do brunch with us!
If one song sums up my Life it would be "Don't speak By No Doubt" #TragicKingdom I know what your thinking o_O
Needa go ahead and put these HID's on my car already!
My auditions went great! And got to see my girl Dakota Raen Robbins - who was auditioning too!! : )
I can't believe you're out on Black Friday! LOL!
yeah, then i saw the coachella performance. i also thought that i might have been able to shoot the show, but no press :-/
Back atcha. Lets hang out again soon. Way too much fun. Go Dallas Travers! Maybe see you at the next TweetUp!
RT : Monday at #LTNY was extremely productive! Uncovered some new vendors for the #DCIG #eDSG #eDiscovery #ECA Buyers Guide
If education is slashed, we all bleed.
In the East.
What an amazing episode of Mad Men! Thanks, MW!
what are you back??
we should be going to more of the same conferences.
Sorry if I offended or annoyed. Be well. Be wonderful.
I love when sung
lynching is pretty damn democratic-"almost" every person was for it
Looks good!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you don't ONLY want to get in my pants
I think for those odd tweets would like an interview with you on DM him for details
I LOVE YOUR TWEETS THEIR SO CUTE JUST LIKE U UR AMAZING #proud of u IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD IF U FOLLOWED ME BACK PLEASE <33333
Migraine ugh
like North County Fire, their PIO is an engineer/paramedic, though his primary duty is public interfacing.
Oh joy..We get to listen to Siragusa
i'd unfollow you then wait till I could be 1300 just to get it
Thanks, Stephanie! Hopefully it catches on. Are you gonna nominate something?
#np I farted on santa's lap by small children
Taking a poll on which #bmorehistoric attendees are from non-profit institutions and public institutions.
Thanks for the RT's!
When I'm apart of Peyton's street team but all the news is in the PSA. #leftout I miss Peyton's Facebook. :/
hey sweetie! I hope your night is better. :) I just wanted to say that you're one of the strongest women I know & I know..
Wow..I haven't watched since 2005..hahahahaha...thanks !!!
My sister made a piece of heaven <3
... your usual clinical scope of practice. Other option is have all participants sign arbitration agreements.
Ouch? Royals drop 11 in a row? Get it together boys!
hey... make me famous... I'm ready to be in one of your movies!!!
Your face makes me uncomfortable.
Oops, I think I owe some apologies. I just read a little more and learned Boxing Day is not the day you punch people who gave you bad gifts.
RT : <-----will be keepin her ass in the house this summer...murder rate in Philly is gonna soar...smh
Classic: RT : Vader, you must confront Vader, then, only then, a jedi will you be...and confront him you will.
Woke up late , and I look a mess . This monday is already not working out .
found it. I appreciate wat y'all are doing. Means a lot to me
Omg. send me that original pic of her, I want to make one hahah
Pulling a missions with
I look the bomb anyway! <3
why don't you 2 go get a room! #booyahijustsaidthat & should of heard what she was saying bout u last night
;) your smart
we can relocate to spain & the land of siestas. 1 am dinner=early. Or you can work in tech like I did and think 3 am = normal. Oy.
Sen of Japan after?
Hello World!!!
Thanks for the follow. Really dig the work your doing
Twitter say...monster Jam is the shíiiiiiiiit!
Only 5 weeks to start training for #halfmarathon in #SanDiego. Any tips or workout plans?
You are so handsome!
RT NEW BRIGHTEN SONG UP NOW! www.myspace.com/wearebrighten
I love it, that is awesome !
Happy Thanksgiving y'all! Who's ready for seconds?
that's a dangerous combo!
Everything looks setup correctly on your end. Try contacting your gateway for more details on the error.
I was way to sober for that #Malört shot...
RT : #HappyMonday! We hope U all had an exceptional weekend. We had a gr8 time w/ at opening!...
I either want a yellow fiesta or a new focus. They're so cute and good on gas. :)
#FF Mama Favorites!
do u hold kickboxing classes on the weekends? Rates?
Enjoy a free movie night! Here is a free Coupon code for a first night DVD rental at our GrabaDVD kiosks. (356937412) Valid thru May 31st
Well said!RT : Anyone can be happy and bubbly when winning &amp; everyone kisses your ass but true character is shown in defeat.
Not one to force things.... I like to let them happen on their own
I want a birthday tweet from my bandboy crushes ;)
thank you
#LordJesus. I Repent of my Sins. Come into my heart. I Make you my Lord and Saviour.
Nolan's shot in the majors has come and gone. He had his chance.
I am #Habte...2012 RT " Just saw at Logan airport. Who's running the city while she's gone?"
that's unfortunate, but idk how to fix beds, so i can't help you .. sorry
If far stars could see, what would they see on Earth? That it lives by half, eats, mates, sates, hates by half, while other half slumbers ..
First bike ride of the season. My quads are KILLING me.
I am still deciding about UNITY.
hi I'm awkwward.
Ignorance is the best remedy for ignorance, People be critizising because it makes them feel better about own miserable lives.
The heart is an organ most responsive to proper nutrition (real, whole, UNprocessed foods, oils). Can repair itself in 8 to 18 mos.
What are my values, how do I allocate my time, are they aligned, am I happy with that?
Sometimes I really wonder why people care so much about themselves #letgoofurprblems<U+E427>
sweet dreams
And thanks for all the new #follows today! Stay tuned for #DTLA #artwalk updates all day today
Playing some hot reggae songs.
Viva la Healthcare Summit!
Forgot to take picture of friends I saw tonight. A screenshot of the tweet about evening will just have to stand in for
and I had a convo and the clouds parted. I dread car buying and politics. Car buying. #Politics. #OMG they're the same thing!
YES! IMMEDIATELY!!
My pleasure! My beer would be at every conference if I had a friend in the TSA.... :)
#WhenIWas13 tweeting was something only birds did
werk bitch, you don't got to stress this. show 'em how it's done.
Need to be golfing in this weather
if ur mad at me then dont i just woke and started listening to Drake thenni saw ur message
“: I feel like I just watched Bradshaw chose between the red pill and the blue pill and super slo-mo.”
I would like something chiffon or a ball gown. “: Sure! Do you have a preferred style in mind? RT
must be from the same folks that invited me to Nigeria to claim my $16b
Thanks for my copy of w/ great & grabby headlines! Taking heart that "there is always room for print"
Wish I could go to Ukraine... right about now...
Just noticed at the bottom of the page on ROH's site, it says "Order IPPV" instead of 'PPV' like it did a couple of days ago.
OMG that's right it IS your birthday! Have a gr8 new birthday year Paul!!
Are you specifically talking about Ty Detmer this year?
Hey thanks for the follow, , and thank you SO much for coming tonight!!! You're the best!
don't forget #Scandal is tonight!
its crazy how outa all three of these pple im wit and only is following. dont even follow.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
On my way to DC
no no thank you for being a member , happy you love it! and one of these days, we'll have you come in and dj-
Don't get all nevermind on me it make's me feel like your mad at me or something and I don't like that feeling.. /:
Of course 5 mins aftr we sent evryone home the power came on! Happy Monday everyone. It's 1/2 priced wine nite.
So what and said?! Lol
Happy Easter!
And do something you couldnt do , like be true
Thanks love.. Following.. ;)
This is the second crash after high speed chase on 300 Midvale block since Nov. What can be done to make this block safer?
I am OFFICIALLY going to UNC - Chapel Hill this fall!!
just as uncalled for as there's we're. Stick to kissing celebrity butt.
omg what happened
COWBELL!!!! Its good to be alive!
Always a good night when is playin records. Good seeing you!
My old training partner summed it up on my #fb wall 2day: nurses are the reason your dumbass is alive ;)
Hahahahaha I love your angry Spanish tweets.
You have both???RT : weekend??? my nigga the whole week!!!! You only turn 21 ONCE homie!!!! balls to the wal
Can't talk to you right now...
I really fucking love my iPhone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
haha! I was like what the heck? When I walked by Haha
You're tweeting code, buddy. :-)
gurrrrl are you going to the #iwny opening party and/or after-party tonight?
Yo, Fashion Star, why did you skip that lady's runway show? She got all the offers and we didn't get to see her clothes! Weird.
round 1 playoffs tonight ....get focused! ....one game at a time!!!!
it will be mailed out tomorrow.
hungry though
Matt, he'd be a great writer on the website. His uses of then for than are classic in bitter tweets.
worf is a little bitch.
I think sex is better than logic but I can't prove it.
CARE week continues this week-- stay posted for more fabulous events!
:( @ Mariano blowing the save
ah !! I seriously am about to cry!<3
You're gone, but not forever.
Moriah Martin turned in a 9.800 floor routine. The nation's 10th best vaulter will take to the event to conclude her evening.
#Broncos take Brock Osweiler as a strong-armed, mobile project. Can learn art of heady QB play from Peyton Manning, John Elway
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking #7: “Pride - Pride is committed by a speaker who believes that public speaking is about them.”
new banger drops today tweet #burghorlandoami and help us trend!
Nice to see some love for DD! She was the top box office draw of the 1960s.
Demand-driven acquisitions and e-books, and why DDA is a totes awesome way to acquire e-books. Totes!
Haslem u sorry piece of crap
Soo this account need replies from and And then it will be happy and complete. :)
S/o to Happy bday unc
why are you so cute? por kay?
Blew out my multi-meter building a guitar amp. The most disappointing part is that the meter only had a week left until retirement.
Just made a gifboom
I love you! And every single one Of your songs:)
that's so cool!
Is there a keyboard shortcut in Web Inspector for “Select an element in the page to inspect it”?
Smells like chicken in here...could it be the 15 quarts of stock in a rolling boil on the stove...?
Heading 2 New Orleans next month to do a 1 day course 4 a business & then off to Phoenix to speak for the World Scientific Congress of Golf.
is there any way to hear the good word out on long island?
#SongsIWillNeverGetTiredOf "Oh, anything by Justin Beiber. He's dreamy", said Jerry Sandusky. "How are his ball tossing skills?"
when I eat pussy my tongue never gets tired like Da #energizerbunny it keeps going nd going nd going
Smooches. I miss you!
I agree that we are having the battle for the soul of american medicine hence
everyone's a critic
Thank you for correcting my spelling of her name. I just met her for like the 4th time this year. She's amazing. An inspiration
I'm tired of being tired.
PTI SHOW | ESPN
": You are all Cover Girls! Don't be silly ;)" aww thnks Kendall can u do something special for this cover girl like a follow
Fantastic mtg w/ Founder of last night, one of smartest guys I know! #Perseverance will take these guys places.
#Manuscript: something submitted in haste and returned at leisure.
PLEASE PLEASE GET ANOTHER GOAL PLEASE
platypus day? it's MY day yaaay <U+2764><U+263A><U+2764>
finished this morning. i'd give it 6.5/10. super quick read.
these girl feelings are making me sick to my stomach. some one fast forward time.
The best croissant I've ever had was not in Paris but in Colombia in la panaderia la loca.
Sports in Brief: Vonn garners her 4th crown Lindsey Vonn of the United States won the World Cup giant slalom race in Are, Sweden, Friday
Ladies I have a couple openings today, call and book your Thanksgiving hair appointment now:) (813) 910-2770
Kicking off the Dietitian Summit with a fresh smoothie and info on the #GotMilk campaign
excellent! Bourbon reunion!
This summer is gonna be full of sex!!!
Just had our first actual band practice.. things are really coming along. come to the battle of the bands this friday and check us out!
what up
who makes good justin background guys tweet me thanks :)
Mens fitness shoot today!!!
Worked on parents yard. Sammy Maloned my car to a nice white shine. And enjoyed sunny day outside with the fam. Brewers failed me though lol
i am listening to buju's Til Shiloh album and monster energy drink and wkring how about u?
happy birthday!
Lunch/Site one Tuesday this Spring/Summer TBD. LMI is Library Management Institute.
About to go get some food no thanks to Tom Hanks
saturday night at work...rather be setting up my new house!
Definitely wearing connecticut casual at a black-tie wedding, either way it doesnt matter, I dont look as good as tonight
My heart goes out to family
Yes, we carry Raw Milk from WA farm. RT: That is nice! Don't forget the milk...
Happy Birthday to you, Mark!
The Cheyenne Regional Medical Center () Board of Trustees voted to pursue a not-for-profit partnership with
some days I would say yes. But MUNI has the CTA beat.
Gotta get out of here!
Old Tappan on Ridgewood 49 36 to go to 7-7 and 5-3 in the Big North Conference on MSG VARSITY with county tourney right around the corner
Last college final tomorrow, then hello summer.
< feel better
Rangers would be wise to dig into the farm system and go get Hamels when he becomes available --
pretty sure im sick more often than im healthy
Good morning ppl
Starting this next weekend, our hours will change slightly: Friday, 12-8p and Saturday 12-6p.
Aww, thanks :). Can't wait!
tucking in to a curry sucker
Just had a really great experience with a rep named Holly Rocco. Awesome name, awesome customer service.
PLEASE HELP AND RT this to help find missing IU student #FindLauren: twitpic.com/58dxa9
I've done that twice in my new house!
Who knew? #lion cubs sound like bleating goats.
I wouldn't go that far. It's not THAT nice.
BOOKING for April! We have some dates open and need to fill them! Shoot us a message for details on how to bring us to your city.
So Rondo did get suspended, sucks but he bumped a ref, can't really argue it.
Fall seven times, stand up eight. - Proverb
I'll not speak for Rob, but re:textmapping we're hoping for the latter, doing prep work for the former
CONTEST: The first five callers with the password "Bug Money" win a pair of tickets to Friday's 8pm show 415-397-7573
Why does he feel the need to talk to all the students and give this speech with the parents present..you are wasting my time
MTV is to music as KFC is to chicken. -Lewis Black
you lie Scoobie
ill make it work
love the beat to that track. I bet It was hard not to murder.
LOL RT : Been babysitting the Grandkids for 4 hours. Ready for wine in... 3 hours ago.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go. ~ Oscar Wilde
Skyrim won game of the year on #VGA , and Joker won character of the year. Fuck that shit. -jumps out open window-
Tweet about your favorite teacher. It's Appreciation Day! Mine was Mrs Brooks 9th grade. Encouraged me to be a writer. :)
#GreysonMMag What's your favorite restaurant to go to?
Great turnout tonight at #futad!
ur profile pic n.n ur hair color is perfect :)
you are the H.B.I.C. Head Bitch In Charge!!
Recent move to the heart of uptown. Any cool ideas for a winter open house extravaganza? I welcome ideas! (@ Remax Results)
Shoot, I was hoping it was a Henry V pinball machine.
9 DAYS till the Moving On CD Release Party at BLUES ALLEY!!!!
Thanks for all the "Follow Fridays" you crazy kids!
Getting a headache from the ink in a tabloid-sized (10 3/4" x 14 1/2") trade magazine I'm reading. How toxic is this stuff, anyway? Blech.
#NeverShouldYouEver talk bout fighting me den 5min. try to be all in my face as my buddy again -_-
is that really worth bragging about?
C-Lo is saying FU to the guy his ex is driving with! He's also pissed bc the guy doesn't have a blue toof on while driving...
#FF before Friday is over!
Annie: the baby was as small as this wine bottle Valentine: and just as delicious
Lebron gets his way. It's sad but reality
"We don't need a reason"- I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> whatever she puts out! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>keep it up.
Am I crazy or is it abundantly clear Nate has lost the team?
Greetings & thanks for connecting with us. Looking forward to sharing! ~Linda :o)
Word on the Street is that Kim Hannwacker, formerly of COMIX NY, lately of the South By Southwest Music festival, will be popping in Monday.
You can literally say a million things to me and I wont get mad
#BlackFriday sale extended for the weekend! Grab a t-shirt before they're gone!
“: Both and pick to make it to #ZouOrleans. #Mizzou”
Boyle >>>>Mercer
Look what's showing in theatres now: My Week With Marilyn Trailer 2011 - Official [HD]
It's a sweet life! RT : I'm going to start living my life through
i wonder if he will be the future mother of my kid,lol
I seen the light excite all the freaks, stack mad chips spread love with my peeps.
Not content with daylight robbery the print cartridge manufacturers have resorted to stealth to further plunder our meagre resources
Did Tony Parker end up making a decision Friday??? Did I miss something? Whats the deal with his recruitment? Thanks..
The only thing worse than seeing evil in the fundamentals of humanity is taking joy in that assumption.
Assuming the laws of attraction are true. What negative influences are you attracting today? What's your plan to stop that?
add Whole Foods to the parking lot death trap list
me too bruh! send that joint so I can knock it down for ya
#weirdidea post a photo of your world today! I want to see what your world view looks like
My wish for 11:11 is for to finally follow me!! And it's Gonna be my until it finally happens <3
I swear 9th wonder does some good shit. God bless him and his talent.
I guess i can get up early...on Sunday, Gio.
Steffi comes to.town today!
“: Thanks for all of the great advice on the show ~ SOCIAL MEDIA engagement made easy!” Thanks, too much fun!
Irish weather just for St. Patty's day. How very LA. Someone can call wrap for the rain. No really...
you are very welcome!
Oh, one caveat. I don't actually HAVE a floppy disk drive. So that might be holding me back from having a symphony of 8 of them.....
Thanks! As I'm sure you know, packing is a bitch :-/
Haha im just perfect : ) well a blanket seems to work when im cold : P
I'm so sad. My sister left to move to Louisiana this morning. :((
About to throw some jazz on, bust these suds and give chunk monk a bath right quick...
turns out is on this.
Hey Ann, better have a chat with Willard & his GOP pals about "respecting women's choices."
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't, either way you're right...
These refs are
In chicago-the bears still suck!!
Tweeting about being at media studies panel on tweeting. Surprisingly heavy on the content creation and personal brand side of things.
We gon dedicate this 'townWayne show 2 everybody that we loss 2 The struggle
Braiding my grundle hairs.... BRB
Happy Cinco de Mayo... Now who's bringing the Tequila?
tonight theme is #SweetTooth on
Returns on a 4-yr degree have always been good, but gains have increased sharply in 25 years.
We're OPEN for business! Check us out, VACOEDS.COM!
Don't be afraid your life will end; be afraid that it will never begin. -Grace Hansen
yeah I'm doing the same colors.I can't wait for the yellow and oranges!! :)I'm not looking forward to shading the back of my arm
star wars on spike? yes please!
Brandon Inge to join the Oakland A's today. Could be a good fit for him.
Had a great time playing on TV! Thanks to everyone who tuned in!
St. Patrick may have used the shamrock to illustrate the Holy Trinity doctrine-leaves separate yet joined together in a single stem.
I'd really like this week to be over.
Great meeting of today.. follow us on Twitter and "like" us on Facebook!
"May the shwartz be with ya."
Milwaukee Bucks doing a great job !! KEEP IT UP GUYS!!
LOL... Sunday will be a challenge. Hubby will be home & he will ruin it. We'll see. I'll do as much as I can.
Hanging out at Alchemy Tattoo in Silverlake visiting my little Italian tattoo artist Eric Alvino!
I'm into crime/detective shows now 0.0. I always kept being an FBI agent or detective as a plan B in case the whole hair career didn't work
me too :) finally!
Don't listen to the people saying your songs suck on Femme Fatale, if anything they're the best. :)
One minute!
Bond Street Social in Baltimore great food, good vibes, good people
See you soon!
Very True! Good thing I am neither. I do have tennants that struggle to get by every month. I feel for them at times.
putting on a movie. and gettin some rest.. night ....
Just got all new ski gear, now all I need is some
actually u right
Want to enjoy four levels of Herradura tequila, learn from a Herradura expert and eat tasty food. Then we will see you tomorrow!
The Silk Tie likes Corrie!
the tears made it better somehow
Did anyone going skiing this weekend? How was the snow?
“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.” A.Schweitzer
Thanks for the recommendation!
Just got word that NuMe codes should all be activated. Thanks for all of your patience!
TOP QUALITY RABBIT HUTCHES !
It takes a bold man to get his eyebrows plucked for everyone to see at the mall. Might want to save that for home mister...
RT : Rugby World Cup 2011 starts tomorrow!
my motto's to do it for the culture.
To protect the eyes from harmful ultraviolet (UV) rays, you need to make sure your regular glasses and sunglasses have 100% UV protection
Hey Memphis: True Widow and American Gods on April 25th.
Our growing softness, our increasing lack of physical fitness, is a menace to our security
PODCAST , I wish I could watch her every night, but damn she's on point, awesome and very articulate.
Congrats! RT I am Speaking at Semantic Tech & Business Conference San Francisco - June 3-7, 2012
Thanks for the RT. Have a great night.
with rise in importance of online analytics are we teaching how to fully interpret stats for meaning?
if I had only tweeted earlier about the p-dub, humpty might have never broken
I just finished a 3.15 mi run with a time of 36:00 with Nike+ GPS.
love u peanut.
Thx - info is for Have a good week!
you may?
It hurts to fall for someone then have to watch them fall for someone else...
Sweatpants are my best friend when im on my period.
what do I look like a madame?? Jk - I will see who I know that is acceptable.
No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered take it, because it'll never be quite the same again.
flower pot head ahh
Race day and it's raining,what can we do, oh yea chicken wings and something to drink.
“: All. Cards. Everything. #CardNation.”copycat
NSR may be racist, but mostly she's just a charlatan. Nobody cry--there are plenty of knee-jerk anti-intellectual rags to take her.
Sometimes I try to be!
Love me some good late 70's pop!
LOLOL so someone commented on Austins Instagram.. heres what they said: Your face, I like that shit." LOLOLOL. I love everything about him(:
Sunday Feature: Dutch Duo Mason epitomize what's right with experimental EDM & have been tearing up the scene fb.me/yDh0iXFn
Before college I never realized the ridiculous amount of news coverage the Browns get relative to the Cavs & Tribe. Insane.
that awkward moment when someone says they like nickelback..
did you edit it too?
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 66
i should call in and go hide out in chicago lol
Why is there a message on my YT homepage that says 'I call shenanigans'? I'm confused..
hasn't arrived yet, but Dean is here ...
join us at Thompson Library across from Berry Café at 3 p.m. TODAY for ReadAloud with artist Ann Hamilton! plz RT
What do you as a library intern? Must admit, working at a library sounds like great fun!
m Just grilled baguette slices with brie and pear.
#LOVE #I-MISS-U #ICantWait , The longest period of time is waiting for someone you truly want !
dirty blonde lol
Yaaaaaay!!! My life size poster of Tony Danza came in!!!!!!
she was suppose to pick me up yesterday but she sed wait till dis morning but she hit me up and sed wait till tomorrow smh
Thank you! :)
i fuck with special effects... light this here contraption it will foggy ya glasses...
Having the most chillest boyfriend>>>
These are the type of innings that remind me why I love Cleveland Indians Baseball so much.
There's a brother at UofC who is working on this exact issue via a nationwide tuition cap campaign. I can DM his info if interested
Their performance wasn't that bad tho! :D But it kinda makes me mad how the judges never point out their mistakes! -_-
yuppz, and do you think i should write more chapters?
In other news WATSON to ASIK. #Bulls clinging to one-point lead with seven seconds left.
lose the watch you look re donk u luss
I was busy being social mommy while baby boy swam with his friends.
I forgot it was Oscar Sunday since nobody remembered to put when Oscar Sunday was on the ads.
I wanna see ur Booty Wurk!<
The waiting game is never good, especially in those situations. Hope all goes well!
Good luck baby!! I know you will rock those auditions!!
Yurrp I'm in solon right now at my ppl cookout...what you in2 RT : you in town bro
all I have to say is.. Ron Burgundy
My brother just arrived with his family and a bag full Satsumas. The most mellow,sweet citrus I've ever tasted. Thanks Scott.
Just want to say how much I love all the updates you're doing now! Well done. So many great book events in PDX!
I'm assuming HE got a B+ bc every episode is spectular and you need to differentiate? I'll accept that #happyendings #A+show
I'm following you. Ha! Thanks for the "Dennis the Menace" reference. I haven't heard that b4. :P
Hey--there will be a podcast, but it will be posted tomorrow. Computers in the shop & I'll be using tablet. Thx 4 patience!-gp
how are you ?
I want some packer tickets
Now Mitt has ventured to "Rick Perry Land" on natl sec. How many nuclear aircraft carriers does he think our Navy had in WWI?
House of Prime Rib in SF?
Goodnight moon. Turning in with a long day tomorrow, a weekend in Boston, two auditions, a gig, work, and rehearsal before Monday am. PHEW
Center bar, son.
Re: Dream show, I would love it if you would include advice and tips from successful, debt-free people, real-world and celebs
My little boy went and down the slides at the park today, all by himself. And I missed it , I'm bummed.
Representing at the #salesforce #cloudforce event. Greetings from the world of theatre.
But I like you thinking that. Think that I also scale buildings in just my underwears. :)
In Obamaland, patriotism is so rife that even Martha Washington is now considered hotter than previously thought
here's hoping. Technically we've had like a week to do this...
Don't hurry, don't worry. You're only here for a short visit. So be sure to stop and smell the flowers. - Walter Hagen
Thanks for the RT!!!
seriously? You switch 88 DTC channel to the 17 for the last restart? WTF?
who up doe??
I think its funny how some people waste their lives on twitter.
She did, and I did know who she was! I was just startled due to her yelling my name. I saw her try to start the wave also haha.
Awww. DC misses you.
that would be such a huge pick-up. his leadership is needed
Next up Oklahoma's Denise L. Burns reciting "Fishing on the Susquehanna in July" by Billy Collins
KBPS.TV is now seeking TV and Radio content for its World-Wide Social Broadcasting Network. Fully interactive with the audience start now.
RT : I just seen pictures of you having sexual intercourse with a dog lmao <~~ LMAO!! Hey its been a while.
I want ice cream
I cant't get you of out my head! <33
Wow! Hoping Em will connect soon w others w food related issues...really need more kids in her situation.
I'm here but no direct experience managing sales force. Just lurking (and eating).
well, good luck with that. hope you do get some sleep in. i think your gonna pull an all nighter. did ya get a nap?
Saw Carmina Burana at the Kauffman center tonight, impressive place, and very well done by the UMKC conservatory too.
Maiden tweet, lets get the first one out of the way shall we?
Finishing up the new site for Mile Deep Films! It should launch by next weekend.
aww sad. Ok, we're all poor. You got me.
U-G-L-Y you aint got no alibi
Support Group at your service
I feel fight-or-flight.
Some of us are quiet because we're worried our thoughts might come out
Oh, you blocked me on Twitter? You sure showed me.
Black Duck is rocking out the logo apparel again today, but did you know we do tablecloths, motorcycle patches, or banners?
He's only an hour away, yet it seems so far right now...
Heck ya girl ! Which level are you doing ?!
Take gently worn jeans to Lavender boutique in Alpharetta, get 30% off regularly priced jeans or 15% off sale jeans. Only til 12/5.
try right clicking on the desktop, clicking on the menu for your video card (maybe Nvidia) and look for a rotate option.
especially disc 2!
the 12 year old was beaten after a facebook invite for "kick a ginger day" was sent by his classmates. may have been inspired by south park.
HaHa! Loving! it, no doubt that would be a great idea. Rain jackets too maybe? :)
#fuckyou and the lies you told.!
A man's health can be judged by which he takes two at a time - pills or stairs. Joan Welsh
Tune in this Thanksgiving to Tuff TV @ 10:30 and enjoy The After After Party!
#69 ur so nice! i love ur icon too(:
"and calm is restored"-jay lol
Warm up with a cup of Darjeeling tea and a Rosemary Olive oil bagel on your way to work
quick hood question: is sagging still cool? I've been waiting for years for that fad to run its course but I've seen it a lot today
Fuck everything else. I JUST MISS YOU.
hanging with she won't evn talk to me because the bulls game is on. haahahaha
This weekend promises to be a beauty! If you haven't already, make plans to come see us for #MuseumDay! Don't forget your free tickets!
The parking lot at Miller Park, far as I know.
Ohh best of luck with your search! I work at an advertising agency in downtown SD nowadays. Whatchoo up to besides Neverland??
I am posting and blogging the contest photos tonight! Winners will be announced this Wednesday so stay tuned!
waah it was boring!
Might it be considered nearly worse than Mondays?
Cookies and vodka with !
A big thank you to our sponsor for helping make this year's Seattle Twestival a reality
loving friday already! its been a long week im ready fro the weekend!
Waiting on phish to take the stage.
Thanks so much!! Merry Christmas to you too!!!!
"I may be lazy, a loner, a bit of a stoner, it's true... but I might be perfect- I'll make myself perfect- perfect for you"
"Oh, mirror in the sky - What is love? Can the child within my heart rise above?" ::fleetwood mac::landslide::
hash tag it #Lunaswedding or don't tweet today.
It slightly disturbs me my daughter knows the whole Cleveland show song smh
We're following all your boards now. Your Pinterest looks great.
Looks great! Can't wait to dig in!
You're welcome RT thanks for following
Why did I END the evening with an Awesomeness? I'd like yesterday to have been a little less epic at the moment....
Do me a favor and treat me like a stranger
mclouth don't suck for once please
I want 69 followers and then I'll be happy
THIS IDIOT SAID I NEED EAT PORK AND ITLL GO AWAY ... WHERE DO I FIND MY FRIENDS??? LMAO
Hope Everyone has a Great Christmas. Look forward to lots of new clients and projects in the new year!!
and this doesn't relate to your problem but it sucked
Is it a new #Castle tonight? Hope so!
Of all the scene edits of the boys I think I favor the louis and liam ones the best.
Randomly waking up at 5 in the morning. -.-
i know right! I'm so jealous! And he dm'd my friend saying there "Good" friends..Like yeahh okayy!-____-
So how do I make a R34 legal in the US?
No, its religion because it's a belief system and not one based in facts. For the past 50yrs we've been sold a bill of goods.
2pac on pandora...I miss the good stuff.
Lots of crisis averted techniques (finals stress) will be implemented and some festive parties will be had this week.
my mom just told me she was going to her boyfriends.. aka her chiropractor
great memories of mooing on Lingua in the 90s.
Proof that Think Geek understands their audience: they have a picture of their server on their About Us page.
ALL DEEZ BITCHES CRAWL
hahahha I don't remember lol
RT I always feel smarter just being in the same room with Tom Bailey from
Likely, Romney. Though it wouldn't be an enthusiastic vote. You? RT Who will be your presidential pick? Don't be shy now!
Come on
Right now has the only one. We'd need to work out agreement with him before selling. It all up to him.
I love the "Imported from Detroit" ad campaign from Chrysler...
Funks Grove sounds like a city I could #SettleDownIn... too bad its in the middle of no where Illinois!
Saw you at Twin Hickory last night, but didn't get a chance to say hello.
It's Monday lunchtime! Today's specials: BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich, nachos...beef or chicken, and Split Pea Soup.
hi! thanks for the follow and great to *see you again. SB
followed back thanks for following!!
Looks like I'm heading to London, Scotland- maybe Poland in Sep! Details to follow.
Almost frozed to death at the beach
Uh North Carolina? Little bit fucked up?
where do I get these?!??
I'm off to from sxsw on the 15th :(
So true.
super proud to see my boys at spling all grown up
a software engineer. What about you?
Can't stop playing with the new keyboard controls on 's website. Sorry for destroying your analytics, dude.
RT We did, and my friend LOVED you guys. We will be back. :)
Don’t judge your coworkers, #remove obstacles from their path that keep them from #achieving #greatness. SeanLetwat
I knew you were talented - but the guitar in the pool!? Wow...
I love my Twitter friends..... Y'all keep me laughing!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Remember that, scintillating conversations are made, not born.
I often hear ppl suggest that sustaining a true dialogue w/the community via Twitter is impossible. I wholeheartedly disagree!
that we can agree on
Today is #thanksfornothing day!
Just got the iPhone 4s and I love it.
Fantastic!! Thanks for the support. RT : I work in NICU :) already supporting my team!
Got an A- on my business law exam
Doctor Who
thanks was having problem explaining
Things that make me feel better - Jeff Whithey is an AWFUL interview.
Where can I read it now? It looks fantastic!
oh ya know . I got reasons ;)
oh, to have been a fly on the wall for that... hope it was fun though!
Graduation is supposed to be one of the happiest times of my life by lately ppl make it the worst thing ever
Be sure not to miss a tweet and
I can't find my phone charger :O I'm gonna die!!
Post #Easter brunch ! <U+2665> this place...
lol r/s
that's a critical point, inward and outward. Not enough think about inward online.
I love when I see Britney trending on twitter..yup it's a good day!:)
Yes, totally wearing jeans on last day for traveling home!
Looking for a whiter smile? Ask about our in-office whitening or take home whitening trays - www.kravitzdental.com
CAN'T CONTAIN MY CREYS HAHAHAH
RIP Haters of Justin Bieber is trending! Show the haters #Beliebers are UNSTOPPABLE!
So stoked to be part of 's team at the U.
A I need that but not for the 14 lol
ha zechs marquise RT me the other day from ATDI live tweet- i just now saw it! #rockstar 9 Apr: Zechs marquise is kinda killin it.
still waiting on that music video! :)
What an awesome message in church today....I AM A SURVIVOR!!!!
It really will not sink in until this fall.
My goal tonight to have the TV off right as Nantz delivers his schmaltzy line. Think of it as my pale imitation of
more followers on intsagram than pinterest or google+ for per
I think everyone should give Jonathan Franzen a break. Hes a decent writer, who cares if he doesn't like Twitter?
I've been using Mellel on Pages on Mac. Really like Mellel. What word processor do you recommend?
With in religion (:
“It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out;it's the grain of sand in your shoe.”~Robert W. Service
Visit the conservatory today to get out of the rain and into the tropics! $1 general admission.
Night > morning
done. Good luck!
We’re starting in Mexico and ending in Kentucky! Cinco de #Derby Pub Crawl action all day. Salud!
Merry Christmas everyone!
Thanks for the suggestions! I'll check them out!
Find ways to reduce your staying costs on a vacation.
<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>#MothersDay must have put everyone in a loving mood. Everyone's so happy today! Did I not get the memo? Lol
Lunch ! Favorites so far: The Paris, Berlin, & Buenos Aires
": Who's downloaded MatchDay 2012? What do you think of it?" I like the visual schedule, news linking to teams needs help
Thanks Carmen! It was great seeing you!!! :)
much thanks! :-)
YAAAAY. <U+2764> I can't wait to see you, my dear! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Watching Larry clarks kids makes me feel pervy.
Stephen Ross has to be ecstatic right now.
No more shoppin for me, I promised myself that(:
#Boston #Worst winner goes to Metro Boston News for advertising Camel Snuff Tobacco on the Back Page of yesterdays #Boston #Marathon edition
Thank you kindly for the RT!
They ask me often do you ever stop ? ME: NO.. They ask me will you ever slow down ? Me: (With the bugged out look) NEVER ..
Seems like a no-brainer then, but where will they play while an arena is built?
I wonder why Noah didn't kill all of the mosquito's when there were only two...
I wished I could be like some girls and just throw my hair up in a ponytail and not care at all
#gwsummit how do large companies innovate? They buy small companies
So wishing I was in Vancouver right now for the Stargate Convention... (pouting)... =(
so glad you like them! Heads up in the coming weeks for something you may like even more!!
My baby cousin is trying out for her first year of cheer this afternoon. I am excites for her and nervous! :)
Bigotry and self-defense are not mutually exclusive.
How do I "like" your video? Don't see it on the ArcLight FB page.
Hoping to get lots of responses, see many new ideas. So far, so good!
awesome! Thanks for letting me know so I can get one!
bad puns in my head is what I do best!
You might try Katy Sai
If there was no resurrection, then why was there no body?
These two mfs in this room tweakn....
Thanks, glad you like it :)
Out in San Fran today for the game - Clients on 49ers and Saints. & Demarcus Dobbs
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
I hate MATLAB, it makes me very, very, very angry
#iloveitwhen you Are super nice to your fans I LUV YOU <3<3<3 BUT THIS WONT GET RTD BUT OH WELL (,=
Well, boo, Glue!
...if only there were recent pics so we could feel close to M. and see what she's up to...sigh!
Bourbon Carrot Cakes for Easter?!?! Yes I think so! Get your orders in :-)
Video Mount Products LCD-1CW Small (10-23<U+2033>) Flat Panel Ceiling ...
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God^^^^^^^^^^
#seriously grow up. I want a MAN not a BOY. Call me when you
Rosetta Stone: Why are you on my Twitter feed? I am acquainted with Stonewall and I know a few stoners. But the only Stone I know is Patsy.
Taj da only one playing for the bulls rite now.
Oh boy..
Just woke!! Feeling like a boss!(;
not sure why people still think i give a shit
Teacher sounds like Tom Hanks
Thanks:) Haha, Finals are just like exams at the end of the school year. I have them all next week:\ & lunch was fun because I
Somebody just got shot
Sara's 18th Birthday dinner with , , & my #Twitterless friends Sara, Alex, & Daniel!
ha! Good to know.
Where us that trick at!!!
If someone is trying to impress you, one thing is certain, that person is already impressed by you!
You smell.... good.
everyone go follow cuz she has cool nails and i dont!!!!! <3333 jkjk i painted them!!!!!
Baseball will make a comeback with the hipsters. guaranteed. its got all the elements. 1. Most people don't like it
Can't take it at Bolingbrook or Naperville
Wish my truck would act right!!! Ready to go fishing with my sweetheart!!! ! I love you!
:O I'm so freaking excited.
At a conversation series w/ metal group #slipknot at
Didn't forget, just ran out of characters. I can't forget your epic-ness!
I think I have! Thank you for the recommendation!
Obamacare #SCOTUS arguments as Beckett play, pt 2: "The question is, do we want half a loaf or a shell?" --Elena Kagan
This nigga burned people and he laughing his ass off and recording it lmao
I gotcha:) did you watch my video?
Thank you (:
I enjoyed the presentation yesterday by
Its my B-day Please follow me and my 2 friends & :)
Leave Florida! I need a roommate come May 1st! ;)
Memo to parents out there: Us kids know how much you love us & don't want us to leave, but if we're looking at out-of-state jobs pls support
She's Canadian ????? haha why is this TT? o_O
you drop dat mixtape u played at my house yet?
AH!! Your dress looked so good!!!
Im in a pic mood?
dms work yet?!
yayyyy! Can't wait!! Dm me your number & I'll text u deets!
#directing & #writing #promo #video 4 ..check it out in your #app store -
pls also keep in mind I'm a Master Sommelier. I could make sure some mad wine shows up if you let me know when you will return
thanks for the mention
no got out before it happened!
So I can actually stay connected with You, Professor!!!! If nt FB, then Twitter it is! LOL! How have You been? GOD BLESS. :)
You don't want to miss this Sunday ! Worship, the Word, Baptisms, #Chapter2 pledges! I can't wait! Be there!
cant wait to see ya tonight!
Just got a brand new android tablet
Visiting #RhinoRecords in Claremont. This place is outrageous. They get it!
Im the one all the young women wanna have a baby by . Thinking if they have a baby by me they will be rich
bumpin shady 45 game don't wait remix
we're proud of you ladies and what you are all about. Glad we could be involved! See you very soon :)
thank you we love your butt & your heart!
Check this out: we can just use photoshop if we want to see Peyton in a broncos jersey. - everyone
Nice, looking forward to the review.
I need one more follow until I'm at 600.. ? :)
Strong women wear what they want! Wear it like you mean it and feel like a million bucks! Find your perfect fashion statement
I'm gonna start tweeting more often. Dammit!! My battery is dying. FUCK!
Sadler - important to be authentic & transparent, focus on what u do well.
NYC councilman showing OWS love and props.
#20thingsaboutme 8. Eight is my lucky number. Thought that would be a good fact for number 8. ;)
can't wait till your back at SFA!!!
email sent. I'm not sure if you go right or left off of the exit from 128, so check Google anyway.
RM12 is hosting a mixtape so any DFW artists and/or producers interested please contact me asap...
You Left The Best You Had ,
GOGOGO! See you at the :20!
$680 worth of suits! Yeah, you can say I'll be lookin' good! Haha
offering an insane deal. Order 2 or more medium 1 topping pizzas for only $5.00! #EATCHEAP with through Btownmenus!
Damn I been so busy with school and finals. I been missing my #TeamKhleo and !!! How is everybody???
I think the liger is a little too confused at this point lol
Gonna watch the movie Without A Paddle in class! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> Woo!
sometimes my additional "knowledge" was frowned upon by other interpreters
had an amazing day with the love of my life, ! I missed him so much!
can't i show them a url?
Packing up and heading off to KC for
Go #Virginia. 3 teams in NCAA b-ball and #transvaginal ultrasound for ALL women. What about womans' #healthcare, Virginia? Go
Thanks to all who attended & spoke at #NewWaveofJournalism! Because of you, it was a fantastic conference!
Late start, managed to get 35.2mi in. Thinking of doing some Wolf Fitness Evolution #Kettlebell Groundwork.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen the kissing cam chooses two people that aren't a couple.
what's wrong?
Ok you can start tweeting now.
we only drink the pear nectar
That's not the elephant in the room, that's the fucking blue whale in the world.
CAN WE ALL JUST TAKE A MOMENT TO THANK AUSTRALIA FOR THIS!?
And he failed them how? Your a fucking dipshit. LIAR!!!
Ya betcha. ^ME
Mission and New Montgomery today, 11-2pm.
Yeah, to me, License to Ill is the Beasties ... and I'm listening to that song now. On repeat.
Doctor wishin me happy birthday and shit that's love
Yes, but it's the last day for the "Early Bird Special" RT : Presale tix still available?
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
The Doosh has often been Collected Unconscious
Nite! Are you gonna be at #SLS12 this year? ... Goodnight techno-listening, gadget-loving, website-hacking, lulz-loving friends.
At a talk on motivation w/ & other peeps.
Huge spike in MP3 downloads Friday. Not sure what happened, but thank you iphone listeners(?). You just made my youtube views look stupid.
Well, that just depresses me.
Hey Justin this is your biggest fan Alyssa Holmes from Carrollton ,Georgia and I just got my cousin listening to ur music;)<3
opps . wrong kind of canned air . anyway . Happy 2010
Looking for a speaker to address social media & marketing in any business or industry? We can help.
Great rehearsal to prep for our June 18th show at M&S Grill, and our busy July 4th weekend!
I've been busy .. busy but always enjoy your tweets. We really ought to meet in person and get you on the show!
Went back to my old bronzer.made me look fresh and fabulous.
I totally had to pause my Sex and the City just for that play!
oops! show this Friday. haha
Did you see The Secret of Kells at Spark ? It was nominated for Best Animated Feature!
“: I wish the fat on my stomach would transfer over to my booty.” like your booty isn't enough?
definitely give LoL a try! Fast games, super fun
oneself, is widely(universally?) practiced, physically&mentally
hope to meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans:)
July's first Volunteer Orientation tonight! We have a good number signed up and would still love to see you! Call 275-4040 to register!
I love that Romney called gay marriage "a very tender and sensitive topic" today.
for some reason i feel like taking pills
I sort of figured it involved giving up some winnings -- but I wasn't sure how it worked. Thanks!
The guy sitting behind me on the train smells like pear vodka and despair.
damn they put me back in i.s.s
Sad part is, I actually have an Afflication long sleeved shirt and a Ed Hardy neck tie...
excited about nonprofit/social media event tonight!
Never underestimate the power of a good bowl of Cheerios.
"Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart." - Myla Kabat-Zinn
Ah a typo. He is one of my favs all time.
. VA needs conservative leadership to move forward. Help us take back the State Senate with your vote this
I am so addicted.
Don't tase me bro!
“: Oh, you're sexy and you know it? Shame no-one else does.”
Fascinating RT : STS-1 & 2 had the External Tank painted white.STS-3 was the first to fly without that 800 pounds of white paint
OMG!!!! THAT'S THE SWEETEST PUSSY I'VE EVER SEEN!! I'll keep wishing!
Oh no. 12 year old and I just watched an on-screen kiss. She didn't groan or hide her eyes. She SMILED.
And . . . here we go! #DesignBizChat for the month of May! Welcome everyone!
Why did the little kid dance on the jar of jam? Because the top said, Twist to open.
Wrapping up Herculine Barbin (#Foucault) w/ students this week.
ur bday? Great where u celebrating? Out of the country? Prob, not like there's nothing 4 u & ur so called president 2 do here
GAME 7 HERE WE FUCKING COME!
Sometimes God disciplines us- not as a way of punishment- but as a way to bring us back to Him- out of love- for our own good-
;) when are you coming down man?
Yeah he my boo thang :D
ah ok den! I'm trying to get a lil more nasty it it!
That commercial just made me through up in my mouth. Poor kids, brainwashed so young.
Woo hoo I finished 7th in my age group in the 5K last night. Out of 455 total females 20-24! The night run was especially cool!
Thanks for continuing to make my Wednesdays awesome.
“: #FirePioli” this will be trending
Just realized that The Twilight Zone is on netflix. And I was worried I might be productive at some time in the near future.
Everyone plz excuse these wack messages I been hacked or some shit
that's a tough one...depends on what all I had in my wallet!
driving? spring break with the boy? college tours?
From what I saw over the course of this season is the only one who deserved to win! I just didn't see it for anyone else
Leonard good game jojo my mom said hello
The informality of family life is a blessed condition that allows us to become our best while looking our worst. ~Marge Kennedy
Goblin is AWESOME!!!! BEST. ALBUM. EVER.
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose
I've never seen a tombstone that read: "Died from not forwarding that text to ten people.".
You, me and ! Great date! How about the orig first? Can't wait for a new one to open!
when you're the best you always have a target on your back Chef.
are the severe thunderstorms finally over? I have never seen so much rain in so small a time frame! (dallas, texas - last 5 days)
I don't(: I need a smart and a hard working guy. I won't just date anyone. They need to be worth it(:
16 more days til new album #Fortune is released ah its almost here yay!!!!!!!!
haha I feel your pain...from the phone, not the
Do they let you take bags into Citi Field?
just playing, come on tho there's some hot blondes out there
Don't tempt me! Beau & I will be there, eating your food & preserves, and stealing his honey from his bees. Forever.
Ha! We need longer hallways at RT : Do you still run the hallways between sportscasts to stay awake?
Day 4 of 6 am's.
omg i live on the border of plano and richardson lol! garland, plano, and richardson r lik one town!
Working out at the gym with and... Doc Emmett Brown!?
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie the killer won't stop chasing you until dead.... Really really dead , and even then keep running
Sports dilemma, everything is on at 1 PM tomorrow! NHL Winter Classic, my beloved sad Wolverines, then the MSU game. What's a girl to do?
See you at the mixer tonight @ 5:30??
Happy new years eve!! Well 2010 I gotta say, you weren't the best year...
That last tweet was inadvertant.
Couldn't go, no ride home. Sorry
It's back, FITzees! Your new fav.- #TGIFITzee! Stop by to stock up from 2pm-6pm: when you buy 3 meals, you'll get a 4th #free!
Good night all.
fab in another round remix
Matt Kemp is on pace for 84 homeruns this year, while Albert Pujols is on pace for about 5....that's if he ever gets one
I wanna fly like a rocket to the sky going up a million miles... #TUNEE <3
Being Ignorant is not an attractive feature on anyone
LMBO dat would be 2 funny !! We can still do ur video shoot ... All I need is a date : )
GOAL! BLUES WILL WIN THIS!
KNOCK ON WOOD
Watched the #Sherlock 2nd season premiere, against my better judgement. Entertaining, but the most American British show I've ever watched.
I love it when people from outside KY try and tell us what's worse. Natl guys have no clue. 92 > 12, by far!
who says the speech can't be in song form? :)
2 people in a relationship can never be happy without some ex trying to brake them up -___-
do you know any coffee shops or restaurants near explosion in la?
Oh no.. that's a bad one ! Haha.
Excited For Selenas Perfume
The weekend starts now. Strap on your dancin shoes, groin kick those blues and grab a drink. Let's write this book.
I'm super tired
i do!!! thats such a good idea!
Mrs.butler dragged it with the hw . Out of 3 pages i did 5 questions
HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE !! Are you headed to the movies tonight? Check out what's playing:...
Nate Silver is almost single-handedly responsible for my online subscription to The NY Times.
RT : I wish my life was stress FREE.
Awww, haha. I'm great, thanks for asking! ;D
great weigh in today! Have lost 37.5 since July 1st and 19.5 inches! Even though I'm taking prednisone and have lupus, I'm happy
cause he has a girlfriend ? hahaha
im doing ma work do the same stop talking about biancas boyfriend
only decent? things are good here, thanks
Got my tix for Cutting Edge tmrw!! (: They have a "Twisted Love" theme for Valentine's day! A Haunted House for Valentines??! #HeLuvsMe! (:
In honor of the amazing #EttaJames and the beautiful, classic "At Last". Thank u 4 being the legend you were!... fb.me/ucvFaBjQ
what did he do to you now?
Remember that time my pants fit great in the morning...and then I had too much sushi? I do.
right. I'm trying to write a big fat conclusion to eat up some of this word count. Lol
T-shirt photos are great! Love seeing all your fans in the shirts!
it's all good big dawg I still luh you
Part-time job applying.
I think #nfl network needs to turn this in a #movieoftheweek "When 2 QBs passed TDs"
Amazing underground artist - myspace.com/onezsharp
Thanks. We are really excited to be a part of the #vawine community. Cheers!
The internet will help u to an extent. U still have to work ur singles.. hit the road, work it in different cities and b humble
Ah!!!!!! He smells like cheese!!! Can someone tell him to shower?
MEXICO NEEDS YOU PLEASE COME YU MEXICO
BYE. WERE GONNA TRY TO OUTRUN THE TORNADO. FUCK. EUDJRF7IE8 BYE
Good morning! up & running with a delicious home-made tropical smoothie :)
TFH: "Welcome to the party."
Call officials screw up a lot. Dude is under the rim and draws an over the back.
just sit topless!!! LOL
#Pinterest, #Wordpress, #Twitter, #Facebook, #Tumblr, #PressReleases = it sure is hard to keep up with all things...
if you can't hang then there's the door.
She said you such a dog I said you such a bone
Definitely a good superbowl. It will be talked about for a long time coming
I thought he broke the record for position players.
Great Texas Rangers win, walk-off base-hit by Josh Hamilton in the bottom of the 9th, Rangers defeat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 6.
Having to explain to the sweet doctor what #teabagging is.
Why did i get out of bed today???
Trader joes makes me feel like a girl shopping for shoes
Seeing Rock back after 9 years out is like......seeing Hogan back after 9 years out.
RT : #Sagittarius is adventurous, gets easily bored by routine.
Scary like 10 day old ground beef that mysteriously stays red
Got blocked from Facebook for two days for having a video with the song "Baby" by Justin Bieber going on in the back
I wish there was more people like you in the world!
the Lakers were originally from Minneapolis which the Great lakes are nearby so that's why they're the Lakers.
Thx for the shout out tweet!
What It Is Miss Mykie,Love Ya Work Baby Gurl...Keep Dewin Ya Thang
ME TOO
On the home stretch for finishing our album, very excited for everyone to hear it.
Stop blaming everything literally on me
RT : There are 923 words in the English language that break the "i before e" rule. Only 44 words actually follow that rule.
The anticipation is going to kill me for & announcement today!
I dont know if its a good omen or not,but in the convoy to location our director got stopped by state patrol.Verbal warning.Luck be with us!
We're thinking a Spicy Chicken Sandwich + Waffle Fries + Large Lemonade sounds great for dinner today. Anyone else?
Question about extending this design approach beyond the school. Need to deconstruct "school." INSA a good example
Lol, yep we will talk about this Monday. I'm gonna logoff.
lmfao it's a Mitsubishi lancer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I was like who is these thirsty boys screaming
8 minutes until 48 Hrs Mystery airs...can't wait to see the new episode...and preview of ours next week! love this show!
We are on Facebook under - "Progress Lighting Discount" Please give us a like and follow us to save!!!!!
cops r always there already. As long as its peaceful they aren't breaking any laws. Screw that
oh yes tell me about it. And many don't really know that Cinema is Benny's track and Skrillex only remixed it.
Thanks for the props, DC. Glad you still watch us even though you're now "off the clock"!
That song started the night off right!!
"The Sun avoids harmful fossil fuel pollutants also, such as mercury, sulfur dioxide, and nitrogen oxides."
You spelled "scrotus" wrong.
yeah lol I ment to say ASSes but instead I said "assessing" haha stupid predictive txt! My bad, I just noticed
yeap but at that time I was a strong Republican, then after thinking and examinging things I changed
Tim Lincecum is so cute.
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." ~Mark Twain
You're more open to creating change then staying stagnent when you are not in a comfortable position in life. Think about it.
Don't blame the marketing department. The buck stops with the chief executive. John D. Rockefeller
I am looking for an #expat position in #Singapore in #retail corporate, please contact me if there’s an open position
Happy Thursday! Thx for the follow #SWAN Support Women Artists Now
#ff Upcoming projects
That feeling of instant sadness
then you should be good to go according to buddies over at Mozilla (not so secret Google dept.)
Impressed with my droid! ...so far
After 4 days at , I finally get to go HOME tonight! Still recovering-but at least I get to do so from the comfort of my own bed!
Thoroughly addicted to #DrawSomething ... Who else is playing??
Time to bundle up!! :)
so is missionally not a word either than? Haha
Every once in a while a song comes along that forces me to up my guitar game. This is one of those songs.
Nothing warms up a cold, black, heartless soul like a steaming, orange, flavorful bowl of bnut squash soup.
Plan your holiday party with Send us a DM!
RT : is a proud supporter of International Year of Sustainable Energy for All!
Even better! Thanks for the correction.
most definatably(???) :D
hi Lance!!!! I miss you!!
#BreatheRight Nasal Strips r #LifeChanging when u have been congested 4weeks...so no need 2 ask me if I broke my nose the next time u see me
I'm just saying that it wasn't like yesterday was the first time in his life that he could have supported the right to marry.
Yea I think I broke my iPod when they said ICONic Boyz
of course. People should never stay in an abusive marriage.
.. so true for most of Amorica these days!!!
Congrats to all our graduating seniors { } + all of the other grads! Cc
R your trax published?? Contact us
ok I am a good guy... All guys aren't that bad.. Hot damn
watching #alcatraz of course!!!
yeah...kinda.. I didnt do anything except eat chocolate bunnys! You!
you will be great! Rock on!
2012, the year of ! #FF to some cool ppl making it happen Fwd!
u probably be aight going thru Louisville. Never know fo sure tho
Stop passing to Joel...Err I mean Haslem
Speaking of #blackkeys playing Soundgarden...Superunknown is an amazing album. Haven't listened in years.
#sharkweb Separate webinar subject area in divisible sections.
You guys, its my birthday tomorrow :D
. Congrats on being Livingston Awards finalist!! Well deserved!
I've always wondered if there was something wrong with this girls face.
Have you ever been Bowling at Jillian's?! We'd love to have you come by sometime!
Matusz made Hamilton look silly during that at bat.
HARVARD SQ: our flavors are Salted Caramel and Strawberry Shortcake!
hey Macy moo I miss u cuz
apparently i now learn that it's snowing from Twitter, as opposed to say, looking out a window. thanks ! (sits 60ft away from me)
and I like to lick. Lol
Having a bad day. Wonder if would RT me or follow me, that would make my day much better
If everyone shits themselves when they die then I haven't given enough credit to my sphincter.
Wanna ride in a limo with #TFC and a bunch of liquor.
it's the first time I felt a connection to her
Eating french toast with my co worker..talking politics....no gossip shit.
Looking for Turk Muro. Anyone have any info?
like you need to be on a diet.
Love the random info & a huge fan of the Bathroom Reader Books
Just submitted my talk proposal for SpringOne/2GX on Roo add-on development. Keeping fingers crossed…
I miss you to bro
not your roommate dude. But nice try...
Thx! Followed you back. :)
-sad on so many levels.
like you, he can't stop napping
just want to starting my day, you? :)
Hey everybody, follow to more than 100 followers
"When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful"
Love that one too :)
Enter promo-code FALL5 to receive $5 OFF at check out!! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
Seated and ready for today's Tech Summit: The New Internet. Front seat because I don't have my glasses, and looking forward!
Paper cuts are a poet's best friend, for they provide you with paper and pain.
WTF? That's worse.!
Come to NYC and we'll test this out
just cause you can do something doesn't mean you should. 3D films are a gimmick. Give me a good plot & character development
If you're not active/exercising daily, you're missing out on a powerful mental clearing, body enhancing, life extending tool.
Turn on your radio RT for some odd reason I'm getting national ESPN.
But who shot the Tupac Hologram?!?!
look at latest testimonial-"Love the Aged Parmesan Crisps.Such a strong and addicting flavor. I feel healthy knowing there is no sugar too!"
Thanks for the mention Kira!
ITS FREAKY FRIDAY Y'ALL
I would but I dont have ur number
Can you put my name on the Jumbo Tron tonight?? ;)
In Germany, visiting the fambam. <3
Loved Death and Harry Houdini by the House Theatre but still puzzling over the magic of the magic. Will be back this summer for another run.
Biggest sunburn ever
pretty good! chilling on turntable.fm
Long afternoon and night ahead cementing out the rats from my neighbors side
“: is aware of this” they was my personal invitation to Ed btw. Signed sealed delivered.
This sinking feeling never diesI'll chase my sunset laced with pride in this heartless galleon
pssst, I like the way you talk to haters.... With confidence.(:
I don't care what the haters say, I love Shaq on Inside the NBA. I would also rewatch Kazaam. So there's that.
i'm waiting for Taylor swift
Can't believe my old friend Vi is on Twitter!
sorry that happened Kate!
i think today is a linkin park kinda day
Thanks for tuning in tonight everybody!
me too.
We are posting a NEW SONG TEASER & band promo TOMORROW @ 6PM Eastern Time!!!
perfect game to miss, right?
Today, we're excited to sit down with to discuss music and our mission to end child sex trafficking.
And I'm clearly so distraught I completely butchered what I was trying to say. Lol
the US rental market's vacancy rate is at its lowest level since the 4Q01 and is below 5% for the 3rd time in the more than 31 years
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, 'Call to Me and I will answer you, and I will tell you great and mighty things, which you do not...
Nope! Read that one loud and clear. #breakuphumor :)
Do me a favor and DON'T flirt with my boyfriend. #k ?
Indeed her flag pin is large & in charge! Oh, Tina Fey.....
#aboutme like i listen to beiber as well
Cant decide on a eyebrow pencil? if your a blonde get a pencil 2 shades darker than your hair..
Run with the pack or face the wolves
: Retweet this message for a chance to win a Tron-themed PS3 prize pack including Tron controllers & Tron: Evolution
We have added new functionality to the account product list page. You can now search, filter and page your products. Enjoy!
i dont care how it comes across..my twitter is not to please anyone and i dont want people telling me what to tweet.
The Shift is already happening.
My apologies - will remove it.
Why do I think learning about NoSQL is going to be more complicated than just unlearning SQL?
Heyy :) I'm hanging with you?
$10 microchip can reunite you with your pet. Stop by Indy Animal Care & Control during normal business hours. No appt necessary!
just had me some DRAGON FRUIT :)
scrambled egg and half a grilled cheese!
That was reckless for 3 quarters but coming out with the W? #PRICELESS ON THEIR WAY BABY
I ended up saving the aforementioned perfect stick. The time to spark will be revealed to me tomorrow by
Music is around the corner. I also have a new over version of Adele "Someone like you" And new videos are coming soon! Stay tuned!!
#NF #FF super cool brother #follow him!
You are a horrible person.
Anyone been to a tattoo party??
That was an awesome finale. I cant wait for it to come back now so we can find out what happened with Kono.
I guess I’m too selfish & too much the curmudgeon, but no way I am going to think or do anything connected with work during this vacation.
Another Reds win. It's almost boring watching all this WINNING!!!!!
Old Yeller by Fred Gipson: Dog dies.
North Carolina....Embarrassing
"vghfufiuvcvcyucvjhvjv" what was that for...
show your work!
Chris Brown is the most talented person in the entire world Omdzzz
Ha, I love my ShakeWeight! RT : someone invent the #Travel #ShakeWeight. I'd be in. I need a ShakeWeight in a more portable form
We don't care how much money you do or don't have, if you're black, white, old young, or whatever...no stereotypes We love u
need to find a good recipe to use overripe bananas that's not banana bread.
the theater of the self happens in the brain
: I hope you have a great day :))
Having a sarcastic conversation with yourself when people are ignoring you.
Thanks for introducing me, good stuff!
I always thought the internet had gotten rid of location based banking issues - Bank of America proves my assumption was wrong.
It's funny when two people sit and talk shit about you. While you're right here. #bitches do you have anything better to do.
like 10 minutes after you said you were going to sleep (:
we did! Great turnout and great wines :) we missed u!
Hi Buddy! Love them Bucks! Ditched FB. I was annoyed. How is everything? Hope job,kitty and apt are well!
Dear I just wanted to let you know that you are an amazing brother and I miss you very much!
"I don't take 'em out to eat, I ain't here to trick or treat, I ain't trying to fix your weave..."
Welcome Back and Happy New Year from our kitchen to yours!
haha! I win everything. Even
One rotten apple can spoil a whole barrel, one energy drainer can spoil your whole life! Detoxify yourself of people that zap your energy
So let me get this straight; #Pats aren't doing anything and the #Bruins are down 4-0 after one with 2 shots on net.
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :) 9
I love all the different pieces you #fashionistas are tweeting me! There's still a few more hours to go, who's playing #TrendsTues?! xox
thank you
You said it on that one!!!
This is a time when we need to smile more and Hollywood movies are supposed to do that for people in difficult times. Steven Spielberg
Life is all about believing and trusting who you are and not believing the others around you.
Season finale, NOT finale. Don't stress me out. I need my NCIS : )
what are you so sure of
found out 'Night of the Comet' is streaming on Netflix. :D /snoopy dance
at the kick-a-thon raising money for Relay For Life cancer research
is it just me or is this kinda awwkk?
#MyFavoriteThingToDo is jam out to music when i am home alone ~ <3
yall told me to mind my business
"Whatever dude" just say it! It sounds funny ok!
my darling bestie, are you able to rent cars in different places? Like puerto Rico?
I haven't tried swype but I can't imagine it would be much better for me. Typing on screens raises my blood-pressure.
Is Oakland the least dog-friendly city in Calif? City rejects new dog park and we already have fewer legal areas to play than other cities.
That moment when youre having feelings for your ex again...
I <U+2764> you guys too!!
Let me know if you still want to do the giveaway! =)
Wtf... Aight give me a minute.
Chicago, Union Reach Agreement on Streets and Sanitation Pay
RT : Last 'what's in my UNIT' prize was IPod Touch. We have over $1,500 worth of prizes @ LeffsLuckyTown tonight! 5:30-8pm!
Took a nap and had the weirdest dream ever. O.o
Holy crap. That would be swell.
#Pinterest is the squirrel of all social media sites. Thanks
I'm really not feelin school today
baby ur my heart n I wud do anything to keep yu happy. Muah mi amor
hey girl I know a company who is looking for a female Dj for essence festival, are you free? If so I'll forward ur info
20 FOLLOWERS AWAY FROM 300! OMG.
Leading issue from the AFP Fiscal Reform conference is "How to best restrain the growth of runaway government in Oregon"
im bored too :( and babysitting :/
Aww thanks. Alex and I really need to write a paper together one of these days.
Trauma affects every individual differently. Be their support and be there to listen. It's the best remedy you can provide.
Bears didnt need a tackle?? : With the No. 23 pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Detroit Lions select T Reilly Reiff.
Good job!!
yes, DM me the acct tel #
Best programs to learn to make your own films now? I would say Maya and After Effects. Premier for editing since it works good with AFX.
;) Don't drink anymore Jameson!! It has turned u green!! lol J/k cute pic
Is there a difference between age restriction on cigarettes & alcohol and what SFO & NYC are doing w/ Happy Meals?
Recipe calls for unsweetened applesauce. Don't have any, so I'm just going to boil an apple. This will go well.
" so you're telling me you're not gay?" Hahjajaahhhahha
Due to the Enfamil baby recall, if anyone is having problems finding Similac, let me know the store(s) and I can help
Also the part where my mom left me a voicemail and her voice kept getting higher and higher as she got more and more excited about her news.
Really introspective interview w Donna Summer--> so glad we had a 'Last Dance' w you
it was a pleasure. good luck
BORN THIS WAY.
So hot right now
Back at you, have a great weekend.....
...if you're ever in the DC area, let me know. Got a guest room you can use any time!
deanthony thomas is stupid fast
Yes. Especially love Walt playing on this side. Wow.
The one time a ribbon cant help me.
no way you'd ever get it ... too qualified!!
Not only The Roses, but now The Happy Mondays & Inspiral Carpets also reforming & touring this summer? 1991 all over again.
If #Baltimore is trying to be a 'green' city, why does the city government have a $890,000 contract for "Toner and Ink Cartridges?"
glad you liked my pic big boy! Sending an autographed Kobe Bryant ball to you right now!
State Farm is there!
Where The Hell Is !!!
indeed. Words to live by. It's the year of the bird!!!
Jeordie Klueber, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
they're "unemployable" right? Or lazy?
I have a bunch of free passes to Fast Five and Brides Maids, if you want to give some out.
Follow me
The next debate should be held in a sandbox!
Could someone please put some lipstick on Chelsea Handler?
RIP Gene Colan. I just heard this, sad news. An amazing artist and a very kind man. He'll be missed.
I said to him I tell u this everytime he said yeah and you almost get smack everytime bt I gota stop and think this kassandra I'll let it go
Haven't heard much from Asian chapter on this. Moving there next week
NHL. Starts. This. Week.
no, i loved Tji, i really thought cee lo was going to choose him :-(
I can't sleep uuuuggghhh
Need to go shopping and buy Ray Bans and summer clothes, literally have none..
Having a nice day with Mom, Dad, and today at Grandma and Grandpa's house. Now if only they'd share their dinner with us...
So grateful to be here, to be alive, to be able, to be healthy.
Thanks so much!
Q6 Good question. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again?
Def wear the glasses
Did someone say arepas? I die for arepas!
This the third day in a row I had papa johns for dinner smh
I'm off this, night tweeters<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+270C>
Shipping to the East Coast and California today.
No internet. No cable. How did people exist in the before time?
Yellow is the new white. Semolina breads and focaccia available at bread pick up at The Bridge from five to seven.
Please follow :-)
It's #masters week so I guess that means it's time for me to dust off my #golf clubs.
We are counting down the days until our next show! Please hit us up for a $5 ticket!
I know exactly what you mean :)
So what im getting a new bed set or what? I think yes, & apparently so does my mom.
She let me hide my weed in her ( . Y . )'ies
I love how you hide things from me but whenever I wouldn't tell you stuff, you would get mad at me...
#FF thanks for the love today!!
I just wanna sleep till I feel better :(
Haha keep praying. So many FT's missed by both teams in that game
Going to a funeral today. Ugh it's supposed to be cold and rainy. ;(
and "people who aren't really experts at anything other than regurgitating links and things others say"
where is that? Take me there
Great day for lessons in digital PR
asked would this of happened if he was white How can we depend on THIS media to bring us truth
Moving to LA in July so anyone looking to shoot let me know before I'm gone and it's too late ;)
Retweet if you are having a great Monday!
On the downside, all of our good relievers are gone. Better win this one quickly here.
Bitches goin to the club with grills in their mouth? O_O
Yay! RT : Proud of my sister. Her essay --"Azeroth," published in AGNI -- has won a Pushcart Prize.
I'm up too! Good luck with your games!
Hey guys I miss you and I made you something :D
Great 5k today. Got done before the sleet began. No, seriously!
making t-shirts. gonna sell them, making my own business :)
Sam leaves O.O ? lmao i havent watched the entire series yet.
Race to 500 "likes" almost at 300 and I will have my first Giveaway!!
I don't text people first.
Rule #5 .. Show no love, love will get you killed '
It was fun! But there's alway Twitter.
Older woman can have kids!!! All I want is the mans eternal happiness, so who cares I guess.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld (500) Days of Summer, and any movie with Christian Bale in it.
RT : It's on! The Pop-Up Shop We're here along with
We're going to make a Costco run on Friday, too.
Stop by the tasting room on Railroad Street this Sat and enjoy some live tunes 11AM-3PM from Mind Your T's & Q's while tasting some samples!
Reminder: Aerial Fabric classes start in Oct and you must take Aerial Basics first, take it now to get your spot in Aerial Fabric in Oct.
“: Kouzmanoff doubles in CRob to tied the game, 3-3, B6.” it's great to be reading storm chaser tweets again
You ever go into a Greek restaurant and think that's either the best hummus or the worst B.O. I've ever smelled?
The Housing Market report shows the rate of home sales increased AGAIN in Jan. extending the streak to 6 months of increase in unit sales!
There's now a chance Kansas will be known for something other than nothing.
I want, my anger to be healthy.
Disorganized personality style may be risk factor for burnout during internship
Thanks for the RT. That sitch really happened. I said it to Mark's nieces. They looked at me and said "No, Aunt Mary, no." Haha!
Christopher Columbus actually had four ships: Nina Pinta Santa Maria and Life's a Beach.
that is awesome! Thanks so much!
Snooki is pregnant. Society is doomed. She's multiplying to quickly.
Listening to Up All Night at the ocean. <3
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions I'm not telling nobody!!!
You know what i really dont knoe . im just pressinq buttons . lol
yes part of broadway across america
Back in SoCal for a bit. Hope everybody has a fun holiday and stays out of too much trouble. I am doing nothing but recording and riding!
Household Hazardous Waste Drop-Off event will be held on Sat, Apr 30, from 9a.m. to 2p.m., at the Polytechnic, Falls Rd and Cold Spring Lane
I love election week! Free food its the best food!
I like tha brew w/eyes on prize & politically correct i wish yuni would just overthrow tha shit outta prince & hit larussa dead in tha mouth
just a cool move by Magic
Thanks for the update. For some strange reason I thought it was a road trip
~who is the awesome guy sporting the Blazers jersey? is it Jamal Crawford?
I need to give my teacher this apple in hopes of him looking out for me with some lenient scoring on my math quiz tonight
Crazy HUH, They are talking about and using #fot but not following us :) GO GET EM!
Last class of Jesus Revealed tonight! Has been informational and inspiring! Great class :)
Hey! How was the walk? Did you find anything at City Liquidators?
I like to see what's happening on all of them (media OCD). I'm not even watching anyway
A little bit Hunger Games, a little bit Buffy The Vampire Slayer. - at
Hunter Hayes <3
Living Young and Wild And Free :)
I just cracked up as much as we did in science last year! haha
Real time fishing.
no i rather buy luke one. lol JK! well kind of.
Snarky puppy rockin my balls off right now
me, your future best friend :)
Close friends lost their daughter this past weekend. She was in her 20's. My heart is broken and prayers with them. Oh so sad.
We've got #Atlanta's Ojeda Penn in the jazz building talking about his show at Loews in conjunction w the
I am teaching myself how to cook Ethiopian since I miss Cafe Colluci so much...tonight mitten shouro and Atakilt wat...yum!
I just wanna tan all day
Yes & no. If u get screened u get the shirt 4 cheap. If not u just have 2 pay a small fee 2 assure me that u dont have a STD
No matter your plans today - date or solo - make sure you go through with them nude and sobbing
Poinsettias for sale in our gift shop were just marked down! Check out our sale prices by visiting soon, while supplies last!
Working on think tank today. Lots of cool technologies out there.
their last album was weak.
Had a great time at in Kigali, Rwanda. The property is gorgeous and I loved seeing your orphan homes!
My tech crapped out yesterday so I wasn't able to tweet about my little trip to Melrose & Culver city but hoping to play catch-up tomorrow
Where's the day of thanking us spinsters for not kicking our nasty genes forward into a new generation?
Lunch can't come soon enough!
Thanks for the #FF mention and for spreading the word about #OurSDVision!
“: RT : Bitches is really ugly out here”
follow please?
Well there's reason for concern now. Velocity isn't the same nor is his control. Usual signs of health issues.
Sportsfan heaven: #RedSox on Fox, #Bruins on NESN, #BCHockey coming up tonight, even the #Revs on Comcast. Not enough TV's!
Surprised unserialize( $history->getChanges() )->content worked considering if( empty( $obj->method() ) doesn't. Seems similar concept
I miss licking it, I miss sucking it, I miss slurping the sticky wet juices off it. DAMN IT!! I wish I didn't drop my popsicle!!!
Archer and Boo, two long-timers here (black cat brothers) were adopted into the same home yesterday! Yay Archer and Boo!! :)
RT : All assessment in education should be active- helping to answer/suggest "what's next". Otherwise it is useless
Our social media seems to be working for us. Live jobs / job board is loaded. I guess it could be my charm...
Such a fun/festive crowd at Rick Stewart's writers night! #iSpy green hair extensions, face paint, and green jeans. Happy St. Patricks Day!
That's actually quite funny.... and disturbing....
Someone should do an oral history project of interviews with catalogers.
I'll take it. Dozen years ago the NCLS worked out nicely.
when i wanna watch lol its gonna be awesome cant wait
I jus luv liquid courage text from ppl that tell me how they fell bout me...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
We have something special for people who show up on-time tonight!! See you at 7!!
I fell asleep in my oversized chair again.
To accomplish great things, we must not only dream, but plan and act, and most importantly BELIEVE in yourself.
we need to get together soon!
So much writing in grad school
alright I got you.
I USE TEW THINK LOOKS WAS EVERYTHING ..BUT NA MY HAPPINESS IS MRE IMPORTANT
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it
is closed for Innovation Day! My team will work on a self-chosen project & present their work at 4PM.
That was close. I almost gave a shit.
Who is skipping the #Superbowl to watch this year? So many people are conflicted!
#girlbyenotwiththem tims you got on with shorts!
“: I wanna shout out, "Omg who the hell cares?!" Then leave class lol” lmfaoooo
Can you please renane your twitter account "S*** My Mom Says?" I love your mother!!
Where have you been? No studio?
check out puscifer - sour grapes. Listen to all the vocal tracks he has going in the end.
thank you!!!
Did you see Chef Drew prepare his Poached Shrimp Salad? Quick & delicious! Up next is a Seared Diver Scallop dish. So good.
Watching babies being born in parenting...
also, Y U NO USE LaTeX
I hope my other AP test isnt Wednesday!!! I need to get out early to go see my bby downtown :(
im defly in a taylor swift mood. i feel heartbroken .
Where have you been, All my life, all my life
Be #kind whenever possible. It is always possible. -
idk just wanted you to make sure that's what you want cus thats a big step
Soo ready to go shopping. It's well needed<U+E414>
I am terriefied
Wtf my mentions won't show! -__-
Massive attack! Massive attack! What's been done don't need no more say that's that aye!
Dude love your stuff! New fan here! Be good.
RT : "You can do it if you believe you can!" -Napoleon Hill #quote #life RT
They do it right
can I have some??
Welcome to the family Sandy : Thank you. Joined your FB page.
Louisiana! Go to the White Owl in Baton Rouge tomorrow! Anyone who brings us delicious Po'boy sandwiches gets free CD's
A: "our time right now" slogan emerged & resonated with us.
we don't have the Nike one, I've heard it's only available from the Nike website
story of my life. Maybe we'll get more life than we expect, too?
Can't move body feel frozen
Laying on my death bed.
Follow Me :)
Dominating in sports trivia
i love dippin dots my favorite:) i know im not the only one that loves them..who else does:)
These college football players should be getting prepared for an outstanding football season not getting in trouble.
Just saw a Prius w/ the vanity plate: MYBRID. Bet they're SUPER FUN AT PARTIES.
HOLY SHIT TWO HITS! #Pirates win! #Pirates win! That's two straight series wins with the 12th inning walk off!
Good Boyfriend Replacement I'm Looking For (; lmao
so cool! I will definitely send in one! Thanks for letting me know!!! :)
I suspect if we followed the diet from about 1000AD we'd probably be quite skinny
I figured you'd like an influx of #Badgers, Ben. All good guys, too. RT
I swam down shit's creek and came up clean... With a new lease on life like Andy Dufresne...
#Norway Ambassador receives applause after statement on human rights of young people on
ive had a bottle of champagne ready for 25 years. is it really happening or is oprah pulling a jay leno?
Did Tim just compare his wedding to a burial? Run!
The operation in Gaza is necessary because Hamas is murdering Civilians. Hamas has to stop and Palestinians need to negotiate!
Wish I didn't have midterms to study for! MT : Reminder to anyone who hasn't started reading for the wed bookclub
moving? What did I miss? What's your next gig?
Alright so hows going to Skate Town friday? We can take pictures and stuff like that:D!
Comply with These Excellent Hints On Health and fitness | Welcome ...
RT : Loving Mick Jagger's shawl collared dinner jacket. I want it!!!!!!!
I am thinking about moving back there at some point, but things don't look good there economically, what reasons did Brokaw give?
Whether you are asking for help from a #charity or #donating, make sure it is #legit before you give your information.
thanks for following(:
agreed! RT: : Mackenzie Smith's presentation on legal issues re data sharing excellent!
Can you ever have too many books?!! Just found another book series I want the read. The 1st book is "City of Bones" there 5 books so far.
Interesting to see #mnleg members interacting with people during Vikes' stadium debate. One Rep just posted response on Facebook.
That's lame. What should I do?
right here
oh really
I don't understand why I have to put a photo of myself on my resume.Isn't it against "equal opportunity" law? Koreans don't have one.
Homemade pea soup for lunch! Yummmo!
My socks have mustaches on them, I can't lose today.
i find it odd how my eye only hurts when i bend down to put something away. the pressure kills it
Dinner date with
Austin Your My Inspiration, Austin ILY! Austin Are you reading this, If so RT this and Follow,Would mean lots to me. #YEE <3
WHALE. I LIVE IN NARNIA AND THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN TO ME LOL BUT, SANDF;UIEVDBYLIVDVIBDVDBVIHDBVBVABVJSDBVJBVSDNBSD
headed to the studio. time to make things happen.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>20
Are you using AIDA in your event strategy? It stands for Attention, Interest, Desire and Action.
and even if 10 were sucessfull does not mean it will work for you truth is u will b hard pressed to find the magic 10 anyways
yeah yeah yeah. I wanted to just click it, I GUESS I can go to the trouble to copy and paste.
excellent thanksgiving break filled with family and friends! Now, let's motivate ourselves to get through til Christmas!
Thank you for providing the food for our #ThinkBigBmore event.
ashton martin music will forever bump.
Electronic Cigarette starter kits from $34.50 If you've thinking about switching now is the time! www.genxvapor.com
I think I knew your dad!
Twitter: the only place where you get excited when a stranger follows you...
Staff outing last night at the Chopping Block in Merch Mart! Such a blast! Go team What the Fork!
babe im sorry. please forgive me. haha
To tutoring i go(:
I freely admit that "lemmatize" was not part of my vocabulary until recently. Here's to learning something new every day!
yes! embarrassing or they remind you that you're thinking too hard, even when you're at rest. haha
The kids just watched that tonight!
Having difficulty retrieving much needed footage to begin editing my doc, the files do not show up when I try to import, any help?
Sparring at
It's Patty Chase! I love her haircut!
It was great meeting you at #ncmpr2012 Keep me in mind if you have anymore video questions :)
Thanks for the love!
I found a baby armadillo by the side of the road, nurtured him back to health,now lives under my bed and his name is Felix
thank you so much for the blog post. What size shirt u wear
Are You Mad At Me ?
Dear Lacey, leave my friends alone. leave my guy friends alone. and yes you'll get slapped if you lookin HOE. (;
NO WAY! That's definitely not good advice.
Dixie is calling y'all, I reckon you should answer.
that makes me think of :)
I have never understood why people say they sometimes throw their phones, my phone is my everything<3
Since we got together , things change for the better
Listening to interview is absolutely the best thing I've ever heard. Comedy and food. My two favorite things
So I felt like death for about a week & I'm finally feeling better :) Yay! :)
is there a better kind?
Thanks for the mention and recognition of our services
how do I get one?? Or better yet, a signed version!
Lokking forward to the Jets season. RT Writing Mets preview for Grantland. What are some synonyms for despair?
I'm 12 minutes in, so I should probably stop! ;)
Peace is not the absence of affliction, but the presence of God.
Thank you to all who have and are serving our country. Peter you're a hero Thank you for the ultimate sacrifice.Forever in our hearts.
Hurry down to #VisionExpo booth MS 6713, we'll be giving away an iPac Handheld Pachymeter shortly...
"The Lord told me to tell you"RT : What churchy cliches get on your nerves? Lol
is so talented and so beautiful i hope she follows me :)
I make a great lefteye
Letting my 9 year old (born in 2001) watch for history's sake but talk of retaliation is scary.
Good morning Jennifer. Remember me? This is #karma! 7 year itch?!? I guess the 3rd time around isn't a charm for #J.Lo... poor thing...
I'm ready for a killer thunder storm!
text me
lol. I was on the phone 1 day when I got into my car and forgot where I was about to go. I almost went back in the house.
Okieeeee. Have fun sir. I'll talk to you in a mo'.
if you wanna get down, down on the ground;
Do you have an IPad?
Wouldn’t it be so much easier to #planyourwedding if you could guarantee weather this fabulous?
that shirt is very becoming on you then again if I were on you I'd be cumming too
Alma Foundation Soup Cook-Off -
Eating my now.. By myself.
RT : Thanks to & for sponsoring !
So jealous. A favorite of mine for sure.
Are there any gameplay programmers out there interested in working on an amazing project in San Francisco?
i agree :-) RT : If you can't get fired up for tonight, well then, you're probably a Heat fan!
Jets now have the 2 worst passing QB's.
Storm troopers at comicon. Awesome.
I Love Your Story ! Its Really God! Read It Al(:
Happy Race Day!
What are your resolutions for this New Year?
- today was an embarrasment for the #BCEagles - downhill these last three years - time to
Cleantech investment since '04 reaches $1 trillion. RT A billion dollars isn't cool. You know what's cool? A trillion dollars
"Mercy" wasn't very good. And the original "I Don't Like" kinda sucks. So my hopes are not high for this.
Wow I love LA after a good rain , air feels and smells so clean. It's the start of a beautiful day, full of promise and possibilities
Gonna munch on this shrimp <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A4>
Make to day last for ever!
I love Dogs always did and always will :)
An elephant? Fuck yeah I could take one of those in a fight.
said it "makes the invisible visible." I say stop by and see my colonial revival door! "American Style"
umma bring my ps3 to your room
great presentations at #melus12 thanks for the follow and enjoy the rest of the conference!
theres no way brace isnt drunk right now
Topic for 2012 is dumb and stupid things men/women say lol lets go in lol
Not for the faint of heart: GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan. Women & camp life in #CivilWar. $2.99 Kindle Amazon Free to Prime
Met the legendary Roberta Flack at Saks today! Maybe a future collaboration...?
going shopping again...
The rap made for is kinda catchy I have it playing over and over in my head(;
I'm lmao at that banana lol
That's right. Start with tea bags and graduate to loose leaf. You'll notice a HUGE difference.
Back to trying to fax these papers
Wanna be a rockstar in all you do? Check out his videos are awesome, too! ://lnkd.in/XjNPbB”
"Art isn't everything. It's just about everything." - Gertrude Stein One more thing we love about our jobs! Happy Birthday, GS!
Hockey is an acquired taste. You really kinda have to grow up with it to appreciate it. Has a rich/storied history like baseball.
well this guy thinks babies are beautiful newborn or whatever, i think newborn life is what real "swag" is all about
Positive thoughts for you. Miss your face. Kiss on your cheek and big hug.
Love is grand - divorce is a hundred grand.
Kids 5 and under are invited to read with United Way volunteers & Parent Educators. Activities & refreshments. More Info:...
the media coverage is too much I don't care what plane it's on
That's cold, Dave :)
What time do you open tomorrow? We are looking forward to visiting and filling up.
It's my birthday!! Omg I'm 25!! Ha
An I Get A Follow? Its Been A Dream For YOU To Follow Me! Can You Make It Come True Cody? :}
I knew it was your masterpiece! I said to myself "only Meg would mash 4am with quasar."
Well what are you going to do when you wear a tuxedo! You need to know how to tie a bowtie!
Which Part You Work In?
ppl quit wen they R feet away 4rm the finish line.. Don't get caught up in the hardships of the race, remember every race has a finish line.
One week away Chicago! Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva!
thanks for sharing how Richmonders can help!
Heat got massacred . Smh . Gotta pick it up in game 4 boys.
RT The mobile workforce continues to rapidly grow with analysts projecting there will be 1.2 billion mobile workers by 2013
Hot sunday evening! Can't take it anymore.. I need some Red wine!
Feelin Famous Babe !
Just found out about in Female Developer talk! Awesome resource & Love the color scheme!
For months I told The Son to work on his report gradually everyday or else he'd be up late the night before. We're up late the night before.
sounds like the death of commenting.
lol i hope u got a ass
if it's pizza or nachos, then the answer is always yes
Thanks for the RT, !
Dinner Theatre is amazing<3 love show choir!
my mom read the book... and the two books that follow it... it's all about sex. It's a porno in a book.
11 Apps and Services for Sharing, Discovering and Organizing Music
Haha! That, they did. They sure did.
Busy day today. Hopefully will get it all done and get caught up. On a different note...I hate wearing pants... EROCK
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 2236 calories! on 4/18/12 at 2:03 PM
“: Thank you for the follow!!!” Thank You for following me=) xoxo
I love that cover.
happy birthday Kimora! love you! :D
Hi! Having lunch with a high school friend today, but we'll definitely have to meet up at some point!
you stupid hoe !!
This is so hard on me. I'm trying my best to
It hurts saying these things because you think you'll get hurt but it's just hurting....
I just saw pajama jeans at Wal-Mart. :( Really?
I'm craving some coffee with that toast & jam O_O m.
Rushed to class soaking wet from the rain thinking I'm having a test but get here to see he's going to include it in the final -__-
All we need to hear is the truth, even though it hurts.
I'll Be Back In The M Tommorow Hit Me Up Im Making Moves - BAM!!!
Ah, so you're demonstrating that you're even more of a hypocrite, then
Just got my lottery tix! The good life here we come! Fingers crossed!
Yeah I tried, but since I'm missing the mount, it was kind of hard!
awesome meeting you too! We hope to come back soon!
I still don't have Reckless. Is it amazing?
So did we! MT : Had an amazing evening big bold benefit hearing and give amazing pitches!
Actually made it thru my Birthday and should be released from hospital tomorrow afternoon! Yeah!!! Go team Jnette
Good Morning Nelfi, I hope you're looking forward to a great Sunday!
yes please!
Think I'ma Take All My Friends Out Somewhere .
No Lie Cotto Tat Was Sexy ( ;
sounds pretty brutal
Watching Rudolf the Red Nose Reindeer. Why is Clarice dolled up like a $2 doe? Fake eye lashes and blush? She's throwing herself at Rudolf.
I was just that girl cracking up in the card aisle
I suppose Bloom's thoughts on understanding have become almost a standard by which to assess stu understanding
Shout out to McDonald's!
Is your official Mexican DJ tonight and !
I get REALLY annoyed when people just assume shit with out taking to me first... Because you know me better then I do right?
In terms of casting, Harry Potter did it better.
Hey Joe, I've been waiting for a new episode of fear factor but nothing. Season already over? Cancelled?
RT : We're collecting the best watchdog journalism on campaign finance. Know any? Tag it with
RT Beginner's yoga: tonight 7:30pm. Be there to learn some solid asanas!
hey! some of us are merely strategists who work WITH new media
Are you saying Mariano Rivera was not a clutch player? I think he was as clutch as anybody -ever! :i meant 2001 world series game 7
6 beers, 2 burgers, and a basket of chili fries for $18. I feel like a thief...!
Do they "make it rain" by throwing money onto the stage? ;)
lol but all those jobs??
That's one of the hardest things to even know...even when you think you do, it's probably lust anyways...
Quarter systems def have their perks, but it's CONSTANT stress. Not enjoying it....
Fred Couples 2010 Masters leader (-6), Tiger Woods two strokes back as day one of the 2010 Masters came to a close
haha, are you a former country fan? or drive a truck or something?
RT #Taurus have amazing imaginative ideas.
how long did it take, one min?
“: I wish Beyoncé was my mom.”
thanks for the follow colin..add us in your tweet and we'll RT
Listening to myself reading Eliot makes me want to punch both myself and Tom in the face. Argh. #howmanytimeswillirantaboutschooltili'mdone?
My condolences on your loss. Lost my mom when I was around your age. Never easy.
DeAngelis coffee is roasted fresh every Wednesday. When was yours?
RT : Chorizo is my daughter's favorite! This is going to be fun
We are live at 3pm EST on 3/1/2012 for your online shopping convenience of The ZEST Collection. We can't wait to serve you!!!
I'm on the under/sf as well. That fg sets up best case scenario for both.
Were you ever in love with Sydney (or really feeling her) or were you just playing the game the whole time ?????
im getting tired of citylife. Seriously need more woods& less people in my life. The older i get the better home looks.
Weird.. some guy just gave me half of a peace sign.
Might go see the Devil inside me later...where's my cuddle buddy when I need him </3 oh yeah in California :(
Basic developmental skills are so important.
I'm a bit sad I'm home tonight and not at The Troubadour seeing Kimbra.
Why does it take so long to get a prescription filled?!
Rest well all.
Usually, it depends on how busy we are. We like to have 24-48 hours. $7 for a 4oz jar, $18 for an 8oz. Email us to order.
A gift for a little brother - Vancouver Sun
omg i miss you too!!
HA! You have no idea how much loves
When is Johnny Depp gonna stop dick riding Tim Burton?
I never thought I would be this excited to be economically disadvantaged!! Yay!!
YOU are annoyed? I was told product was down- I'm still in dark on this- trying to get answers
hey buddy! What's going on?
If you even have to ask, you haven't just been living alone all semester.
All strippers look pregnant.
how r u doing?
#TSA just got lucky again. They got to third base with me because I opted out.
Hello, What is it with the Congress Tea Party newbes, do they think GOP has Majority in the Senate, or they just Vote Dems.
CALL ME MAYBE BABY ;) BHAHAHAHAHHAHA HYPER!(:
It breaks my heart.
The Orlando Magic are 1-10 ATS in the last 11 meetings with Atlanta. We expect the Magic to cover (-3) tonight
It is easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.- Henry Ward Beecher
Thank you to our new followers!!
That is so true .
RT : 57% of marketers welcome social media users involvement and participation with their brands -Extra Mile Research
Hi Bradley - what level of play are you looking for?
My dad said he's selling my car to buy me a better one!!!
If this ear is bleeding now, it's really going to be bad when I really start stretching.
hi how r u
#FF for the launch of the year!
i want to sit on the porch and read for fun in this glorious weather, but I guess reading for school will have to do.
Why does Miami have a persistent inferiority complex? Told that we were "bit bold" in calling Miami the "Epicenter of the Americas"
Hi February hope u'll be somewhat good
In 2010, DPI stats show that nearly 500,00 children and young adults participated in their summer library program.
time to degree is supposed to be 6 years I think, I would say in my case my own damn procrastination got me 8!
I just found out my membership to your website expired, I will have to wait until friday to renew it. :(
Dear tree branch sliding up against the outside of my window, enjoy ur last night of annoying me.....
I so can't wait until Highschool Football.
Watching the jerzathon
It's bullsh*t that people get to be on a wheelchair just because they're fat.
Texas Pearland Classic will start on Friday! "Play Hard or Go Home"
Who's got 16 flavors of ice cream back? Mm hm. WE DO! :)
Chimpflix from Casey Rosengren W'13 helps movie theaters fill their seats and make more money
#f4f my new page please thanx
Just arrived in Colorado Springs. It's a balmy 25 degrees outside. Not snowing today, thankfully.
Wow, thank you for your words. I've been wondering what IS UP w/ my Vikes! Love u all, but it is GO or NO time! SKOL!!!
Faaaack. Just busted 18th. Only paid 15 spots. I suck.
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah
#AGREED! get on that BA! RT : And why is BA all over Rock to get on Twitter? BA himself is not on Twitter.
Spending my free day catching up on some crafting. :)
Seski go to Rogue Brewery, Agate Beach July 6. Seski mabey feed seals? You watch for Seski!
Why are you still sending naked pictures to people?
Hey man congrats on everything your doing. Your living the dreams you've come a long way! Haven't talked to you in forever!
I think you may be right ....had forgotten she had an early pop career prior to that...
I just wanna see u strip right now cause its late *Chris brown voice
Today I just got my noticed that the car has officially been paid off. Life is good!
If you can change one thing about today's government, what would it be?
RT : This changes everything. MT Santorum: "I'm a spicy chicken guy!" while ordering at an ATL Chick-fil-A.
Bands'll make her dance.
U C ME
I have 4 children. I sometimes wonder which of the two are the aliens on earth.
Thanks for the Co-teaching Approaches!
#cnnnye Happy New year from Chardon, Ohio! Kathy Griffin is such a randy little mynx...
“: "Its rare of me to eat something out"- words of kevin tonight, I'm still dying!” lmao!!!!
what channel was it on?
Come to Chicago already
Ok , I absolutely LOVE your clothes, but what is with the consistently rude and snotty sales people?!
heading your way tomorrow. Can't wait to buy you a beer or 3
#ThatDepressingMoment when you get a text from your friend who says he is going to kill himself .....
Was hoping for the Falcons over the Giants. Definitely, Steelers over the Broncos.
sunday sunny california to record.
Even w/ his baggage, Romney's new spokesman can't do worse than his wife Anne telling Phila audience women don't deserve = pay.
-________- now I wanna dance.
Deschutes Brewery Street Fare Happening Now from 5pm-9pm! Get out and try Portland's Food Carts, Beer Samplers, Hancrafted brews, etc.
really!? That sucks, I thought it was in that season.
What, you're running the mini marathon this morning?? Well download the smartphone app and listen in to 1450am The Sports Buzz from 9-11!
"Let it not be said that life was good to us, but rather, that we were good to life.” — Jacob P. Rudin
I don't get mad anymore. I learned to expect less from people... even the ones I thought highest of.
What, you can't fix a computer using only the power of your mind yet? Sheesh.
the blue paint has helped me cure my fear of water...
Congratulations! You working (and living) in the Bay Area now?
Wendy has a dark side she used kellys mom!!!! What???
Sort yall I'm drink!
man it's a shame how I get so many looks and comments on one of my shitty days than some get there hole life TGIF (thank god I'm fly) GRIMM
The games tonight just got me really excited for March! I love college basketball!
Morning people check out my new Song superstar
im guessing you are watching the race or something :)
and to a different day. Kiss of death!
Wishing good luck to and hoping she will come back to visit
I'm so graceful for my life right now. My shaking right now.
you gotta love Florida weather! NOT
Congrats! I'll be there too.
Please do. Make sure you climb that waterfall (if you get the chance) - Glymur, and Instagram the hell out of that country.
Looking like its going to be another great night can't wait for tonight.
thanks for the follow!
i was going to send you an email about the concords but you probably got bombarded with emails hahah so i didnt bother lol
Falling in love and getting hit by a train is kinda the same.
agreed - bill frisell has been one of my faves for years - try writing to him (good writing music is few and far between!)
going to sleep! goodnight everyone! x
didnt really have any issues with the 3D ETX version... but I didnt expressly choose 3D... just worked with my timing
I hate how my car is full of receipts!!
Goodnight Cody! Love you!- Eva. xo
I think coders and designers *are* often reporters. But your question merits a longer answer.
how was Atlanta?
i'm starting friday night lights which i think means i've signed up for intense emotions
you'll look great in all of them. :)
that looks delicious!
go follow if you dont already! its my personal account
Summer goals: Eat less. Get skinnier. and Dance more.
The Ignorance ...
New Rules for Conducting E-Discovery in Delaware Federal Court
When A Girl Tells Youu Not To Care She's Telling Youu , Youu Need To Care More!
Going to in less than 90 minutes!!! will dominate !!
It is a nice label for a couple that does not need or want to get married but still feels more than a bf/gf
this bollywood scene is killing me. please stop. please
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
I used to hate that our AMS was called the "membership database" by the rest of staff. We used it for everything!
You been hanging with Rick
good morning Austin<3
Fabio is at Whole Foods Kailua!! Go meet him!!
Just got back to ME from NYC after being delayed 5 hours only to find out I have an interview back in NY on Friday...arg...(NYC rocked btw)
Yup, they keep making #GoogleReader worse... I miss having a simple down arrow for scrolling. Odd item to skip.
eh man i meant to message you i voted for u in the link u sent me that same day i dont really be up on the web so much these days
I still think they're ok but damn, like they just said time is running out here
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life. Robert Louis Stevenson
Those knowing me assert, utterly, my affinity for music; w/ I'm still enthralled RE bio itself: survival, craft, catharsis! ;)
im exhausted
i am not a hater. i'll show you how to tag people monday at school
Both. Then again, my high school was overseas so it's always something I mention.
All graphic design from us, websites to flyers and everything in-between are on sale 30% off. Email
Let's get faded <U+E30C>
All OVS men are invited on July 31 for the Mens' Club brunch and chance to volunteer on various projects at the synagogue. No RSVP needed.
Sweet. Enjoy.
if you're in highschool you should know how to spell by now.
is this part of your BobbyV defense? He's made some poor decisions. Dubrount out after 99?
I hate this website.
Left is Right | The academic left’s intolerance - The Boston Globe
seriously, it was very interesting.
Big life decision? Drunk tweets? Daughter names. My god you're getting some girl pregnant right now, aren't you.
New location! Come visit our kiosk in Town Square (now near Sephora)! New super cute cell phones cases! Get 'em while they last! <3
I Get Jealous, I get Mad, I get Worried but thats only because i Care!(: <3
Listen to all week for info on the McDonald’s Monopoly SAFE & cash cube contest at 11 a.m. on Sept. 23 at Zeidler Union Square.
Love how the lawyer from Always Sunny is in these Quicken Loans commercials, and flagrantly carries lobster claws around fancy restaurants.
We submitted our app to the app store, we got an email saying they're reviewing it now :). Fingers crossed it gets accepted.
Just landed! See y'all soon!
Which hurts more. Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
We're giving away a $50 gift card for every 500 followers we hit! Already a follower? RT this to enter to win! Must follow us 2 win
when you want to talk, and that one person may not still be there for you </3
my body is slowly getting back to normal....I needed that sleep!
Okay, no more telling you who is winning! But keep telling people about the contest! I'll be checking!
Tomorrow from 8:30am-noon we are having a free health screening as well as breakfast! See someone in need? Tell them!
you da best, boo bear!<3333333333333333333333333333333333333333 :)
RT : Someone else was prob. using same IP address. Me: "So you suspended all of UC Berkeley's access?" Him: "Yes."
He is not currently on an NFL roster. He's a free agent. If he did sign somewhere, then he would win.
Will my wish come true of Bella following me
I don't see sleep in my future
Being startled awake is never fun. Damn you, bad dream.
roll out the rd carpet for and you guys win multiple Championships! you gotta be recruitin' I bet.
lol, its gonna be ugly quick
Missed last weekends Antique show and need a place to stay in the Spring. We are conveniently located 5 minutes away just across the river.
#CHILD SHOT - 4-year old child was brought to Parish Hospital this morning suffering from a gunshot wound. The child is critical
THERE'S NO SUCH THING AS BEINF FAT just shutup and be nice
My life's a dramatic movie bruh.
maybe ill just make both.
Happy Mothers Day! Bring your mom in for a free strawberry sundae!
Trying to complete the hardest puzzle ever! All the pieces are basically the same color!
This baby naming thing sucks. Much hate.
Boys that know how to use tools. <33 >>>>
Eh, I can do better.
not last night but I am aiming for a flavor trip in January.
Love that pic!! Is that your Mother?
Hello all! Sorry I have been absent. But I have been doing homework like a ggod girl. Finals are coming up soon. But I will be back 2nite!
You sound like my ex.
Getting ready to play for the CD release party for Maurice Mohan at 650 N Dearborn in Chicago
lol why u mad now ? i just got done eating my chinese platter im bout to call u ... lol
That's actually true, but doesn't tend to come up in all day faculty meetings.
When their pageviews plummet, they'll come crawling back. Self-important Paula Deen comments are the lifeblood of a website.
sure. Help me with getting closer to 800 followers?
Love those O. Henry Prize collections! and you're in it , right?
At #ate2012? Stop by for a button - "KARMA ROCKS", "MISSION POSSIBLE" and other motivating messages are available!
They were right on target. Social networks are the media echo chambers of the future. The future is now.
Hello my tweeps how's it goin?
That's why I live in a boat.
I've never sacrificed so much for one person -- just for them to get in their feelings over something so... ridiculous!
Smh she crazy movies is expensive now lol the other girl was smart lol
I guess it'll just be me and the playoffs today
Those EYES!!! :D
Tips hat. We thank you for your support.
Today's temperature: hell
Getting ready for the black light black friday party tonight!
A4: Embrace the social nature of the museum visit and facilitate more social interaction between all people. Conversation!
Underway in the 2nd!!
RT : RT : these new pics u sent me goin START A RIOT
:c we deff need a better studio, the guy doing midi doesn't know how to play drums and it blew
you got so sexy hands do you feet look as good as your hands?
Trading Zloty futures... or something like that.
Academy Award Best Picture winner, THE ARTIST, will be re-released Friday, May 11 in theaters! Take your mom for Mother’s Day!
Hey selfish prick celebrity it’s me obligatory asshole twitter guy. How bout a mutha fuckin ReTweet you Bitch!
We'll see everyone next Friday. Happy #TEFLing, guys!
I think tomorrow I'm going to write a bade fanfiction about Becks latest update in the slap
here we go Mitt.
If you were in the teaching with the iPad session, PDF is now uploaded to conf. site.
really tough, but candy canes :] i just ate one actually! <U+2665>
I mean, the Talk Wordy To Me! heart....
The ONLY person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday!!
its okay!
haitian grandmas love cleaning!!! They clean everything! When they here we just sit back nd relax
On the edge of making a bold move, one that will substantially shift the course of my life. Do I dare take the leap of faith?
Oh, you're really hot? Please, ruin it with a shitty personality.
I just want to sing. And cry. And laugh. And fall in love. Not the kind of love I've had..the kind that's real.
OMG it's my grandmas first mothers day with us here in the US and I have totally forgotten to buy her mothers day gift!
no doubt
what r u doing tonight ? I'm at prime in uptown
Is your deal all inclusive? Cleats and all?
what do you mean? =D
i wish i could talk with u guys.
It's not even october yet, and we're already buying Christmas decorations. We're sad, sad people.
I love remembering how much I love stories. What else am I supposed to do with my life?
so glad that my comments are seen! #makesmyday Thanks! Look forward to the issues in USM and your posts~
Thanks for the mention
*rolls eyes*
Twisting my words will get yo ass beat!!!!!
work friday -_- i wanted to go to lineup, my job corny for that !
Girl fuck u no one press lmao
What I lack in promptness, I make up for in sexiness.
Thanks so much for making CHICKEN BUTT'S BACK! your Picture Book of the Day!
Be sure 2 DM ur trivia answers to us w/ur name & email address to win: What were frosty's last words?
"Become so wrapped up in something that you forget to be afraid." ~ Lady Bird Johnson
Yes, There Are Even Fist Fights In The Lingerie Football League via
... god you can tell you went to a bootcamp
what you doing? (boston accent)
hmm ok good luck with that then
I'm not I'm not
Water and gyros, stat!
you need to get better soon man, we need you on the field bro!
why so late lol
Man dang derick rose u need some help
Otherwise I will get you the podcast. :)
Whitney Mercilus has an awesome surname for a linebacker.
Thanks for the input. Those are good ones. We'll definitely plan on answering those, although perhaps not using the word spam. ;-)
"my tires were stolen by street youths"
Oh yes...quite fond of the chasing scene.
There's a shop on the corner of Santa Monica Blvd. and La Peer, they sell classic cars, but they might rent!
I woke up on the right side of the bed
The festival's official bookstore reps say Nigel Barker's book is their best-seller so far.
all fine thanks
Work off...FLORIDA ON!!!
I'll be here, Have a non-ALA committment 5-6 or so, but pizza after would be lovely.
In the grand tradition of Des Moines young professionals, soon I'm going to be leaving The Greatest City in the World and moving to Denver.
!RT : RT : RT : "Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions." - Albert Einstein Hi Joan!
For those who feel taxes R not high enough n Jax, tell that to Mr Lewis who because of increase he is left with less than $100 n bank after
let the pageants begin!! Yayyyyyy
try it
All I want is you babe.
I think #oomf & I could've been cute but oh well.
I WISH SO MUCH TO DONATE BUT I LITERALLY HAVE LIKE $5 TO MY NAME BUT I HAVE BEEN AND WILL CONTINUE TO TELL EVERYONE I CAN!
The "WHY" behind what you do is enough to drive you.... Anybody who can just give up.... doesn't have a big enough "WHY" in there life...
With polls showing Kadima losing big in an election, most members probably OK with any arrangement that just preserves their seats.
so, how many totes per game are you looking at now that the law firm has re-located?
I would like to smoke
Excited For PUNK'd On May 24..:))
please could i get a follow for my birthday?<3 it would mean the world to me<3333
are you fucking kidding me? you are annoying
I need to do my homework and quit doodling all over it..
I was thinking of it; but I don't have a TV with an HDMI in... I think it will be the Facetime machine for talking with iFamily.
a second season, Yes!!!
Are you guys ever going to talk about Major League Baseball?
How much quieter can you get than a library?
Look outside right now for the most amazing moon rise!
you're a horrible communicator.
Follow I will follow back
“: Entrepreneurs are tested more in landing than in taking off.” ain't that the
I am thinking about getting a Ford Focus 2.0 Coupe Cabriolet for a new car!
foreal? Literally just called him to see what's up
line just dropped to -3.5
for sure. I won last time in our "who can finish the test first" competition.
Always a conspiracy when you bring the car to the shop!
Bout to see
absolutely!! thank who was the producer that chose that story!! :)
your icon is so cute ;). how are you? xoxo.
A win for The Newt is a win for Obama haha
Prof Assns take a stand at the risk of alienating some of their own members.
tbh, i got twitter to follow , lmao!
and to you too!
any update on the status of the concert tonight?
Whats for dinner?
shout out to you too ((:
Let's make this last foreverr
minus the meth, that was clearly an exaggeration haha
Congratulations to the brand new Seminoles! We can't wait to have all of you here!
Mickeydeez's vanilla milkshake is off the chain
Thanks. You too.
Does your Twitter icon have a red x over Altoona? lol Just noticed that.
What did you make? cc
“: i need to start jumping down sets again but the older I get the more scared I get it sucks I was never scared as a kid”<U+E421>
Just my luck to get sick on a 3day weekend
No light, no light in your bright blue eyes.
Well said :) MT : Parking is always a +, also love shops near CTA... walking distance, for the win!
In honor of American Heart Month: did you know that you can protect your heart by exercising at least three times a week?
Wikipedia: "She began working as a wedding and bar mitzvah singer, a job which she continued throughout her time at...Tisch"
Don't worry-we don't have an awkward photo booth! MT : It's Drama Prom day. May it go better than my high school prom.
did you know about this account? --->
Thanks for following me, I love your account!
okay, ghetto fizzy is me I told you that at school duh stupid! A
i hope so too.. I havent been able to edit anything, you been busy
Nvmd, i got some
Insecure leaders breed mistrust. Leaders secure in Christ's love empower seething confidence in their team.
I personally think that many libraries would have an easier time with $ if they just took the time to make nice with their stakeholders.
#SituationOfDay Nothing can be done for previous hands. Hand dealt is voided.
yesh omfg I had that feeling yesterday :/
Not to be a Debbie Downer, but it's true. RT : Mother's Day isn't so easy when your mom is dead. Pls remember that this year.
Looks like I'm in for a long, hot Summer.
I know:)
will do a contest that is fair 4 everyone and only the people who follow can win
RT“: There is & will always be that group of bitches that need to be slapped.”
like with most ghost stories, the Exorcist had me bored within 5 minutes...
I am cool now!
Watching 3D TV. I wonder if I could watch the Movie Awards in 3D.
Can we just fast forward to this time next week for the start of 'What Would Jage Do' time?
Forecast for Wednesday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 68 to 73 near...
Really? "#Bruins defense is like Tim Thomas at the White House, nowhere to be seen." Wow, is this what it's come to?
- you should come - you'd love it... Tons of places to do handstands... And of course there's me :-)
I think I need a twitter intervention.
stamkos can't be stopped
I tried. You don't want to be with me, You just want to talk shit to me..
Hard at work today readying the office for our big announcemnt and subsequent mini-announcements. Strong start to a Monday.
Treat People How You Would Want To Be Treated! Cuz Karma Is A Bitch, So Just Make Sure That Bitch Is Beautiful. .
I'm okay. Just been keeping busy and then spending too much time on Skype. LOL! How about you? How are you.
Been driving since 9pm, 5 more hours till
- thanks for the RT! ;)
the NBA
High School Flyer Right Hurrrrr.
OchoCinco/Shaq and other wealthy ppl drive them to show off their wealth
Even Greinke said "Ryan Braun is a cheater" RT : Zack Greinke's day is complete after 7 scoreless.
“: In order to see His glory you must get to the place where you say not my will but yours oh Lord! - Nathan Morris”
Choose between a politician or an artist?! No question, Gosling!
you need the hat to be convincing :)
Europeans think we're CRAZY.
im not sleepy , but im thinking i should lay it down...
Mort is reporting that he's been relieved of duties - Angelo fired? Wowser - does this mean end of Lovie Smith era?
Yes, it's official...this person will call you a RACIST if you bring up NATIONAL DEBT --->>>
RT : , , , hosting "Neighborhood Beat", a free basic CPR and AED training on Janu...
spraying us with silly string at the bus stop. They jumped out like we it was a movie coming out there
Light legs and back workout. Tomorrow is fitness class and cardio.
Gotta do whtcha gotta do...
later this is getting weird
well I did just fart so I wasn't fancy for a second there. wyd?
Finally Ozil is in ! Too late
Thank you, my friend! It's the 'nature of the beast' and I'm playing in its' cage....with bloody ribeyes hangin' from my belt!
give some new guys a chance to prove themselves and stop recycling all these old coaches after they've stop being successful.
Just because it comes in ur size does NOT mean buy it
Thanks to for a great Saturday!!! #minnebar !!!
You are a culinary daredevil! I would have refused
Have a combo ticket to Fiesta & Balloon Museum? Bring it to the Museum Oct 1-9 to get scanned & we'll enter you in a prize drawing!
there are 3 general features or crinw
I'm getting there, fast or slow, I'm going to achieve it.
The top four teams in number of picks for the 2012 NFL Draft were all SEC schools: Alabama (8), Georgia (7), SCarolina (6), LSU (5).
get to leave work and frolic in the sun... #goodfriday or #greatfriday?
peace and blessings? Fist nicknames? I'm guessing peace is the right fist, because you use that one for the knockout shot.
I want tickets! HOOK ME UP! (oh wait, can I win?)
cant believe we knoww who nicks gf is !
Breaking down or trading up? lRT : Breaking down and getting the iPhone....smh
Yes, I do sing professionally. How cool to play the drums! I'm trying to learn piano and guitar.
Tell that bitch, hop up on my dick, rolled up on her quick In a six told her suck the dick, motorboat her tits.
down and the blades are exposed. She also hangs sharp metal object on her wall. These things make nervous,it is going to cost you for making
what is that, lovebug?
you text me idk if i have the wrong number!
W/ Burger King sponsoring USA Basketball (& McDonalds being Olympic sponsor): r there other non-Oly sponsors partnering w other gov bodies?
Great "pseudo-training" ride last night in GG Park w/ Next Wed, 6pm, north end of GG Polo Fld. #30daysof cycling Join us!
Thanks to Celebrity Kids Club for hosting our event!
Good morning. Hope you are are doing well :)
I love the set design for #LisaMarieOnIdol I'm not a fan of the song, but it's cool for what it is.
Hey Welcome. Twitter is fun. And weird. But mostly fun.
Picky People >>> They Know Exactly What They Want .
Bwhahaha. Reading is sweet is my favorite!
follow on instagram
but I think his view of technology in the classroom is suspect or at best not clearly defined.
they were like starring and laughing at me cuz I was crying. Haha
Of course I forgot the boutonniere at home!! ugh
It is a chance to see what we have done to create that adversity and create something different. How are we responsible?
Fruit Smoothie
I look so sparkly today ! (:
Just sent a message to Darren Hardy: I'm keeping my fingers crossed for any response.
Do you need Change Management to implement Change Management?
Who is going to the DC Food and Wine Festival this weekend?
888 people like this page... what a beautiful number... I appreciate all of you...Love. Erika Laxis
We have FREE passes to a preview showing of from #HBO. See our last tweet for the deets.
Rock of ages is fun x)
2nd'd | RT : "All I want for my birthday is for to win the 2nd Congressional district." -
I'm sure your left handed counterparts would disagree.
we is that today? i feel so honored haha
Mfs is crazy as hell
I'm nothing special really. I'm just a kid who tried too hard. And lost his heart in someone else's bed or car. I don't remember anymore
huh? What do you mean first years?
Enjoyed being on the #sxibm panel with you this morning, Sancia. Have fun at the rest of #sxswi! :)
Fabulous weekend with old friends. As usual, so happy to be headed home.
Can't wait for tonight's game vs the Heat. The whole corps received tix in recognition of their work. Thanks !!
Open Mic tonight.
shrimp might therefore be the ShOOO
Holy heart attack Batman!
Lmao omg! RT : Oh my other yaya? Yaya Curly?! She had a CS this morning to a bouncing baby bear! :D
. Pete Rose SHOULD be in the Hall of Fame, but regardless, Reds fans should STFU about Braun...
RT if you love & support & will always love & support him (:
good now?
#fridaylistens finished Divine Justice by Baldacci - an excellent thriller! started Little Brother by Cory Doctorow
#watchtheawk officially started... let the magic begin... mood lighting please.
I am still very interested in seeing that thesis, if it is available! And I hope to have more Lafferty news very soon.
Out walking with my mommy <U+E115>
I am doing good and hope you are too.
Senate majority spox scott reif says "It's clear that the Senate Democrats aren't interested in helping us move New York forward..."
Working on some good things! Stay blessed!
I love it! Have a safe drive.
I love you too negative nancy.!:D
Who's ready for the weekend?
DIRECTV-America's #1 satellite TV beats cable w/ the most HD channels, the most sports & the best customer satisfaction!.- 832-429-8264.
Rangers my brother. RANGERS! They could use the Dirk Vibe :D
hrm - can you share the link to your dataset?
did I ever send you stuff?
Girls that tan (;
Trop50 red orange = confusing. Blood Orange too difficult to market, even though it's technically correct?
#xam11 another long day of information download and training! Lots of good vendors looking to win our business!
Thanks guys... please keep me updated. Knicks? Rangers?
Tweeps, help us help out ! Bring in 2 canned good items to our Eastern/St.Rose store & get a free med hot/iced coffee
HAHA I hate you :)
of course they would, who wouldn't?
I work tonight, stop by!
I don't have time for this. What's the net-net, internet?
My teeth are ugly AF...but after 2yrs pretty teeth..2yrs -__-
Maybe the Grinch just had really bad PMS
Line for Cars 2 is really long at Alamo drafthouse. Hope it's as good as Cars!
#FF great friend and cartoonist/illustrator/painter. Super talented and funny. Follow her now.
"Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth." Franklin D. Roosevelt
opening the API would kill their leverage over biz owners. There's also no process to confirm legit reviews. So weak.
not yet, but soon!
no idea - it's not a chain so I couldn't get much info. Supposedly New York style. I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
Bra if your gonna wear a cut up tee shirt at least get some muscle tone first...
do u have a myspace. (:just curious
Just laid down big money on the #27. Let's bring this baby to the front early!!!
Trim 200 calories from your diet after following a weight-loss plan for 6 months.The daily calories have to complement your new body weight!
“: Another great performance and 3points. I could get used to this shutout thing. #RBNY” So could we!
Only 10 spaces left for #THATCampOSU!
Pick #15: - Fractals, Googols, and Other Mathematical Tales by Theoni Pappas - Covers: real numbers, exponents, dimensions, & geometry :)
Tomorrow is our first photo shoot! Can't wait for some super creative shots! Stay tuned!
FASHION TIP: Invest in a great colorful blazer for the spring.
5 good pages on the day, and I have the rest of the sequence mapped. I may write more, but I should take a walk now.
Our drummer is excited that he doesn't need to pack up his set and drive downtown anymore, he can just take the
we are a band! What are you???
ok, no problem. I've got your book sample on kindle and looking forward to it. Enjoy the west coast!
Now watch me blow em out they shoes without clues Cuz I won't hesitate to detonate, I'm short fuse
Just recorded the 4th song to SR's up and coming CD 2010AD
I don't want middle school to end. Just the classes.
Put on your calendar for next November in Greenwood, IN - Teen Film Festival - you'd be a great MC for it!
i love u JB
brb! ems call brb soon!
Beaver cops<<<<
Next thing you know, we'll be hearing Backstreet Boys...
Second day on set of Vampire Diaries. Doing the 20s swing dance
Ravens are going beat the Patriots? Any doubters?
Become a fan www.facebook.com/Thegympro. 500 fans by Monday! Thanks for the help.
Bosh was fouled 3 times glad they called the last one.
lol "can I take you to the Luke Bryan concert? you can be my date" your mom: "hahahaahah"<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
How long before facebook owns twitter.
Apparently he needed more than a weekend off. Weeks is still completely lost.
I definitely thought MGK was black
RT listening to a good station on Is it the Barry Manilow channel? :)
Those are all great...sure you'll love them.
Need the 's help! This is about the takeover of dynasty's in Miami!
Got some writing done so today was a good day. Now it's time for bed.
On March 23, 1971, the 26th Amendment to the US Constitution gave 18-20 year olds the right to vote.
I am. Quite excited bout this story. Immigration, mental illness, social sec, gender politics and zombies. What more to ask
RT someone you don't like knocks on you front door.i know say come in and when they walking thru the door and slam the door on the face
Just trying to get one computer to work right. If I succeed at that, it'll be a good day.
Toasting to The Greatest of Mysteries...
hahahah I love it. The grooses on segways = made my day
No problem! RT : Just picked up my pail of coffee grounds from Bexley. Thanks COJ for helping me garden organically!
So honored to be in the presence of so many successful communication professionals today. What an opportunity!
yep! We have lots of fun!
Good evening, Mr. Hookah.
I wish we could google how a certain person feels about us...
Columbia University Film Festival Celebrates 25th Anniversary with Women Filmmakers Panel...
Overcast and Kinda chilly in Chicago today, but it feels good just to Relax, Chill and NOT talk on the phone :-)
#BecauseOfAlli I have a better fashion sense.
is loving this beautiful day.... Though a lil negativity was thrown at me, i conquered and today is Fabulous!!!!!!!!!!
thanks girl I will
I Wanna Trace My Fingers On Your Tatoos.
yep, Orval is known for using Brett and it is in most sours.
Perhaps a "digging in the crates" or "vinyl obsessions" segment for future episodes?
I bought a big drum, to drum on.
Fat Patty's is so good..
OMG, they just announced they are doing another season of Real Housewives of Miami. WHY? That season sucked.
Who's going to the festival? How about an awesome road trip across the USA as well?
So, my hopes to play Diablo 3 keep getting 37'ed so It looks like this "constant internet connection" model is gonna screw me over...
why won't you notice me yet????
That's also exactly what I do when I'm procrastinating writing anything.
OMG a mi tanbien:)
Motivos founder will be a guest on tomorrow morning's Ahora Sí! #radio show on 6-7 AM! Call in at 215-634-6342.
I totally thought today was thursday when I woke up today.
Habakkuk Lesson: GOD sometimes answers our prayers by allowing things to become much WORSE before they become BETTER;
Wearing headphones for an hour increases the bacteria in your ear 700 times. Never realized this.
Races are underway here at Festival Beach on Lady Bird Lake! I will try to get results out quickly.
My ears are still ringing... :(
hey y dont yall wanna follow ??
Aw Thankyou...Stay Inspired my friend, Never quit! RT : Marvin Gaye is my biggest inspiration.
awesome synopsis. Hip hop. Is the only genre of music that practices ageism....
just sent in my pics! :)
I want some Batman plugs! :D
don't fix what isn't broken!
That's THE question. RT : how do visitors want to interact with museum exhibits?
You want the best dinner in Indy? St. Elmo's...you want the best lunch? Harry and Izzy's. Amazing food.
ugh I'm more than jealous. Hope you're at Taco Toss right now drinking an Orange Crush on my behalf.
Can't wait to go pick up my copy of Mass Effect 3 after work.
“: Good AM RT : Awesome #FollowFriday ” You too!
Step 5: Share the Budget: Make budget range clear. Plan ahead w/ phased approach and percentages
ugh im sick!!! its all your <U+2193> fault :P
GM! I'm sippin me some coffee thinking about where I'm watching the Super Bowl at....
please post! I missed your talk and am still kicking myself for it.
New in 25 with
The screening went well :) A few tweeks here and there, and we got a winner! In the meantime, off to the next project :)
yeah I just did, I'll let you know what's going on with that
Life Time Athletic Club if you want to look into it, it's ~$100/month but it's an $8M facility and looks every bit of it
"I think my favorite part of burning man was my boobs getting fresh air."
Devouring Alison Bechdel's Are You My Mother?
listening to Itty bitty George amazing!! my lil bro loves it!!
what does that make the people in the middle?
Giovanni's for lunch, then furn.shopping..
Week has been buuusyy! How bout yours?
yeah yeah ! I saw you too .
Lmfao you wrong for that!
It's time for GREEN TEA!!!
it's "alliance2012"
How is everybody's Sunday going?
I have to SSH into my work computer to SSH into our server to do work from home. No wonder I had no problem following Inception.
Two beers and wasted at Lillie's! :)
stoked on all your tweets about
Leadership is about making the destination crystal clear, even when no one has been there yet.
and live with Molly! “: It's decided. When I finish college I'm moving to Denver. #Colorado #beststateever”
"Wankers And Bollocks" in the Morning....
Happy Nurses Week!
can't wait to get my tests back today!! ....NOT -_-
Swag, swag, swag on Niall. Chilling by the couch as I'm carrying his first child.
I picked 2012.
randy moss will never be a packer..were actually one of the last classy organizations left
It was a bad night.
Some new followers i'm proud to share
Work to be included in ArtDubai 2012! March 2012-more soon...
M.O.E...And Thats Real Shit!!!
I AM GOIONG SHOPPING ONLINE AMERICAN EAGLE YAY!!!!!!!!!
fun fact: most people get laid once per year
"I like big data and I cannot lie" says during D3 tutorial at
Are you a tower? Because Eiffel for you. ;)
so do you think Alex is Sexy! (;
Thank you, my Father in heaven for another blessing! Happy Tuesday, folks. And...let's be careful out there today!
This isn't an office. It's hell with fluorescent lighting.
It was a great time hearing trash talk on Fantasy Football Weekend! "Camp, best 2-7 team"
The dreaded Sunday evening text has arrived on my phone....
I just can't right now y'all with my sugar...But now I know who to turn to next time I need some ideas for some good old fashion cruelness
I'm heading to the post office in a few minutes!!
Kinda nervous about my first day tomorrow.
signed w/ the Lions
what up
Not in my mind! A lot of people are saying Zodiac though...
So, I had to write two essays in eighty minutes during AP Lit today. It's safe to say that that was the lowpoint of the day.
Guess What? I gotta a Fever and the Only prescription is More Cowbell...
First time I've had some serious thoughts about how I've been missing out with never going to Europe.
I feel like Rose when she's about to jump off titanic...
Smoke time
Been busy taking care of my baby and working, but even more busy just owning shit and staying awesome.
That is awesome!! Congrats!! :-)
no idea when/if I'll get there. zero news/status on power outage. I'm stuck.....and u know what rhymes with stuck.
This afterparty will follow DCs #1 Speed Dating event "Mix & Mingle". Ask me how to get your tix in advance. U dont want 2 miss out!
So is Joan Rivers.
~smirks~ I dunno...the waves don't seem good enough fir surfing to day..
Sounds like a buncha swingers, &
being truthful will lead u to so many things in life...
I can't DM you!? Ill post tonights special when I get in tonight. I've been off all week :)
I want that picture I kno that
go to school !
Hooked On2 running a special on NY Style On2 Salsa Private Lessons...Give us a call to get further information. (786) 234-3776
I can TOTALLY relate. Try earplugs ;)
Musically inspired by
like a tissue is a Kleenex.
Dweezil Zappa, Frank's boy, turns 42 today. I think he's kinda hot.
Day 2 of putting the final touches on our art for peace curriculum. This thing is a beautiful work if art!
I can imagine! But I'm sure you can find a community of people interested in acting just like you. (:
I WILL UNTIL.....I WILL UNTIL...... I WILL ________________UNTIL I acheive________________
follow back!
In the shadow of your wings I will take refuge, until the destroying storms pass by. Ps. 57
thanks for inviting to play with clay at your Fire it Up camp!! Friday already! But, we will be back!
Read this today " the reason people give up so quickly is because they tend to look how far they have to go & not how far they have come
400 each!! that's 2,000 words!! plus resume + cover letter...
no, it will make you sleepy! Turn away from the delicious food!
“: Our discussant thinks there's no place for 1/4 in. screens on sites--insists the gauge should be smaller." #saa2012”
If I couldn't love California Tortilla any more, they're playing DM's "Get the Balance Right" right now.
take to Serendipity! :) yummy frozen hot chocolate
I'm in like with again. I'm was able to explain some code to a client while commuting.
because everything you report is wrong?
There was a fight. Well, more like a guy punched another guy and that was it cos a teacher broke it up before it got serious.
#HipHop #Gangster #Fiction. Download your copy of A-Town Veteran today.
have you been outside? Too cold for you to win.
This shit is going to keep me up all night -.-
Not being critical...as a gfted specialist for 10 yrs, I found that often, we expect kids to fit our system...not vice versa.
given our lack of depth in the mid i would keep Stephen P especially given his end of year form
yes very wrong
Actually, I think the Ann Romney comment illustrates just how diffiuclt raising a child is. And it showed her in a human light.
I liked some of them - the dog ones were trendy. I was expecting maybe a touch more. I wasn't in love/laughing hard at any. You?
After a long day at the office, I finally get to walk home and see my beautiful iPa... I mean wife!
Hungry! Thank god itslunch!!
Teeheeee, we're both dancers :)
omg u finally got on twitter
I absolutely can not fall asleep if my feet are covered.
you didn't spring for teh deluxe model? lol
They say, "Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you."
I have Showtime. I'll try to catch up this summer.
Watched Chopped last night and it made me hungry. so at 10 pm i made a meringue. why? guess i felt like expressing the culinary side of me.
Midnight photo shoot last night for Sylva Dean & Me. Involved multiple wedding dresses and a parachute! On display fri @ white xmas!
free dinner at 60 thompson hotel at 10 and then to private club rdv;)
sazs catering boss talking about sex four times a day?!
I blow more money on my car then it's worth straight up.
Ate taquitos with guacamole for lunch. It's a great way to eat gluten and diary free in a Mexican restaurant!
God bless Texas!
Still in Burbank takin care of real bizz
Guess I just been workin in nursing for soo long, 10 years, I knew exactly who my patient was gonna be today, last night
#Bones fucked him up this dude is pycho
I got hit in the but with a 24 pack too.-.-
Vogue Turkey April 2012 : Lara Stone ..<U+2665>.
Hi everyone, what does UK's nuts taste like?
CANNOT FUCKING WAIT FOR WARPED TOUR TICKETS! I HOPE I HAVE ENOUGH
So far so good, nothing yet but something soon for sure!!
How's holding up? Did he bring any of that Dubai Juice?
Another S/O goes to my new follower & tweep Thanks for the follow. Appreciate It
Great to know that when I am weak,there is someone there to remind me...It's normally the guy in the mirror.Prayer speaks life & heals hurt.
you don't remember me!? #savedyourlife don't be scared... your sister approves of me
Girl i wanna fuck u right now.
10 at the door 20 if u wanna skip that shit
Talk about an #EPIC #NYE Miami! We ready! RT : You best believe we're ready!!!!!
only 2 out of like 30 houses, half werent home or already had one or freaky said they werent interested
Andrew Bird: Time flies when you're having the time of your life. Who was the best artist you saw this weekend? RT w/ your ans ...
I can't wait to sleep in a real bed again
LMNS: FASHION MEETS NATURAL HAIR: Chick is killin it in the tux. SO FAB.
I bet Elton John takes the stage with #Madonna during the halftime show.
Finally out of work. And I'm totally loving this weather! :)
#oomf always lets me down</3
Didn't your mother ever teach you not to stare
“: Last day being 24 years old. Getting old!! #oldman” lol I turn 35 Tuesday and my son turns 10 Wed. Now that makes me old
Tired of having a 516 area code? Change it to a 212 area code...we have plenty to choose from starting as little as $50.
Its my money an I need it now
thank you Soraya!!!
Is your firm Mobile ready? Stop by BOOTH 301 #LMA12 and see why Moire is the legal marketing leader in
1 hr to go.. It's cold af in these tents
tweeting to ? So many past worlds colliding.
Well well well! If it isn't Fishy Friday already! Git on down here and kick off your weekend cowstlye! Giddy Up!
Congratulations Ernie Bello! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
only 102 others? Sounds like a lousy game.
Four day weekend! Yay!
WTF! Hunter might see that movie and my mom wants to an ugh! U need to come
GUESS I WILL JUST RECORD A NEW SONG SINCE I'M STUCK IN THE LAB...#MAKETHEMOSTOUTOF IT
Awww! I hope your okay :( and I do that all the time. Haha <3
And a special Mother's Day shout out to the Mom of Mommy's....MY WIFE!!!!!
i already follow him
Welcome new follower !
- I'll let the chefs know - phenomenal is one of their favorite words. Stoked to hear you enjoyed it, thanks for coming in.
is just perfect, seriously. everything about him is perfect.
Congrats to for a great marathon in Chicago!
Thank you. I changed the permanent links. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Congrats Gavin! Way to go.
Much love to Hollywood, Giant Panda, Joe, Wil & Mosaic. Water Steet is the place to be tonight.
Its not really bad yet but this rita got me feeln like its 30 below
Unless you mfg kosher food, then it is pretty fucking important.
Alright get ya asses up for this game, BU vs BC Beanpot, bring it home boys
is already in love with the new bon iver album!!
Liaise is a pretty sexy word, isn't it? Altho if you asked someone you wanted to liaise with them, what would they say? Aw yeah, maybe?
Bunny Bunny!
Pretty good today. Just need some more sleep. ;oP
RT : Umm, which is the right answer? // The first one you pick. Because then the other will be left.
So many fish in one pond!!!
cuz i still run the tweets all night and day.
They up in here playing Usher "Yeah" this song never gets old.
Very True!
“: The worst feeling is feeling unwanted by the person you want the most.”
On this day in 1920 that the 19th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution became law, guaranteeing women the right to vote! h/t
I feel so lame-__-
Devastating when my rich friends are out of town and I can't get into the SoHo House
finally followed me! YAY! Gonna go vote for him some more now! <21
#Arizona House Painters : Where QUALITY and AFFORDABILITY Meet.
me too
What are your thoughts on #TUFLive ?? Awkward format.
I'm so sad tracks over :(
Doing my best to bring my spirit of aloha to the fore today... and not bean someone with a spare hard drive instead.
de nada (your welcome) thanks x your poetry
good night Niall I love you! :) stay beautiful x
New video clip for "Steal A Car" is up. Next week's video is "What Would the DOOSH Do? (WWTDD??)
Trip to the Polish capital city tomorrow #Warsaw here I come!
happy birthday <3 please come to Vegas soon .. I love you !
When you have a bad cold, do the voices in your head make you say stupid things, too? Or is it just me?
Great play by Walden
Jaelene Hinkle for Tech has their best opportunity so far for an equalizer, but puts it over the bar. Play is back and forth.
not to sure what went down.. had to leave them room!!
": #Gemini's are very popular and well liked by everyone and everything."
If love ain't found me yet .... I'm SOL
Oh honey I know that. I was gonna add you in my happy mother's day
Big crowd at the tx Capitol for the new tejano monument. Ceremony at 10 am if any of y'all are downtown Austin.
Btw, there's not a coincidence why pitchfests occur in Summertime. | In #TV things get ordered:
Knowledge is pain and that is why it hurts to know.
:( That sucks a day off and your sick .. YUCK
&Delta; Prove your Innocence
Do you like justin bieber? :)
"Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act."
Thanks, Jennifer. The hot topic now does seem to be catalogers and coding.
The boyz are gonna be on shake it up!!!
How to Live Gluten-Free on a Budget: 10 Tips + 2 Recipes glutenfreegoddess.blogspot.com
Useless tidbits of #knowledge! #CHARISMA, from greek origins, means "filled with grace."
Chiefs defense is doing good...but Palko needs to step it up!
better- ill buy you a drink.
I had a runny nose attack today in French when it was dead silent in the room.
Happy Thanksgiving to all our US friends! Hope you all have a great day :)
i need get back on this twitter shit hard
I'll be home in 10 minutes. You know what that means? Naptime nigga.
don't make me tweet at you from a shell script could write!
i am. good morning.
Lol. Bitch, I been reading since b4 you was born!
#kane and to start off the official
A man after my own <3! :) Aw thx! RT : Kate Upton! & praise to great vid. Hope Johnson can get it together
Will be soon! CU there?! I got new CD today and LOVE it. RT did you get tix to #rodrigoygabriela yet?
Thank you for the follow! We're sure you get this a lot, but "stay classy, San Diego."
I am so going to punish myself if this comes out badly. I can't get an incomplete. Really closing a final at the start of Finals Week!!!
also, we have two medium and one xl dino shirt left! ten dollar(:
every 200 women is born with a third
Movesale Last2 days Bedroom Sets,Sofa andloveseats,Coffee tables,Dining room sets,HUGE FURNITURE SALE www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Or not. Already has appealed.
I figure out which one I want and let the other one go.
Pearson originally tried to name the pineapple essay, #HungerGames, but apparently that was already taken.
Already thinking about #friday, being away from tub kills me
I just want to go to 7th and 8th period.
Ambush marketing. Thoughts? Legal implications? Looking for any really good literature and insight. Thanks in advance!
No doubt
that's because you're a classy mofo.
no freaking way!! guess who has a twitter...and ur following him?!
miss you too labs!<U+263A>
We found a bunny!!
Excited that some ICTC corps members already have job interviews this weekend for the INCS career fair!
why would you recommend him. Ugh
Don't forget your mom this Mother's Day! Maybe get her some roses? M Hmm.
To people who think I care what others think, NEWSFLASH: I don't. I do what I like and say what I like. If you don't like it, then word.
wee bit painful.
Thank you! Was good to see your face across crowded room. :)
bad joke alert: "they're like a microwave for relationships!" If this makes no sense I won't be offended.
happy thanksgiving
ok its on its way! cheers
Congrats for the nice qualifying to 15th & 16th for tomorrow.
How will your Monday go? It's all in how you make it. Tell yourself you're going to have a good day& u will! #TheTamTeam xox
It's gonna be god
Cars 2 is better than cars 1 n the last tinker bell movie is when the evil fairy bcause tinker bells best friends out know r 2 n 3 more 2 go
Iam worn out
during happy hour you get 15 wings for $8....
is focused on the next step because it's always the most important!!!
I won my alumni sweatshirt at #homecoming. You'll have to come sometime.
she has been duly warned and taught to filter on her own.
the kind that breaks crayons easily...
#interfaceUF have had to find workarounds after TwapperKeeper - actually copy class tweets to Evernote within hours to capture them
Fresh cut grass & newborn calves... Some days you just need to stop and appreciate the finer things in life.
I'm still at school ,I'm starving
Thanks for all you do, and thanks for the follow, OH.
missed it. What'd she play?
Maybe we'll make a vlog. Any questions? :P
RT : Four days until Medicine Collection Day at Miller Park. Get rid of unused meds and score a free bag of......
Bro I have no idea idk how they lost a lead that big
we'll always have Stuffies. Or is it Stuffy's? I call it delicious. And cheap.
Not all times jokes intended to make you laugh. Sometimes they intended to make you think.
Okay, it really bothers me when teachers complain about having to teach 4 classes on one day. Hello, thats what we do EVERYDAY. shut up.
SO DID I. & I don't even wear them anyways. HAY, that might be why I still have then. DUR MACKENZIE. <U+E404>
1.Go to a salon in the Castro 2. Order the Back, Sac, and Crack 3. Hang on tight!
Woohoo! tkts for death of a salesman. Hello Andrew Garfield
#classof2011 getting ready to kick it tonight like its our graduation
you'd think I'd be used to doing things on my own by now, but I still get annoyed when I can't find anyone to do things with. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
It seems possible that the Dow will finish slightly positive. The NASDAQ seems destined to be down 1% or more. We've about 30 minutes left.
Dang i feel as if im moving out!
That is probably the most truthful statement ever spoken.
Let 'em know your boy is live!
doubt it, and if he does ya ass should probably run in the other direction..
Crushed some chesticles today at and now I'm strictly breathing in greatness.
And buy izzy a car lol RT : #IfIWonTheMegaMillion I Would go CRAZY, and cry of happiness
She cuts herself. Not to deep, Just enough to feel the pain..
and my mother won't answer my calls. i just want a lunch date
Its 8th grade formal. I don't want to see the damn picture!
I would not make u wait. Being Punctual is a good thing. I don't like being late, then u fill like ur playing catch up.
and now the lights are on...people antsy...
You're only limited by your own imagination! And money. And talent. And genetics. And time. And other people. Go for it!
shit me too I gotta work tomorrow!!
#Entertainment getting ready for the start of our big season in Miami.
if only people heard our entire Moe's convo.... Hahaha
letting everyone know I'm SINGING at The Allerton Hotel Wed & Sat nites at *7pm*! Thursday, Wonder Bar 8pm. This Sat at 5pm, The Jazz Fest
Beautiful #60Minutes story re: classical orchestra in the #Congo. No matter how poor you are you can surround yourself with beauty.
Thanks to all of our fans who came out to support us this Sunday! Despite the loss (157 to 60) to London, we hope you had a great time.
It's an exciting time at the #GoldenGlobes at the Bev Hilton! Yay for awards season! Gotta love wearing my tux!
Check out our FREE EP at www.keycommittee.com! Oh, and if anyone gets us a gig, we will get you hammered!
"Fuck" is my favorite word. It shows disrespect and wanting to have sexual intercourse at the same time.
Did you see a movie?
' my fault I got word too late!
Is there someone I can interview about SSHARC's work in the South Suburbs concerning HIV/AIDS?
in your bio you forgot most beautiful girl : )
I hate after drawing for over an hour ... I reaffirm with myself that I don't like my "style"... Try again tomorrow :/
We take the fear out of dentistry so you can be spooked by all the Halloween creatures coming to lurk in your neighborhood soon...
I need to get up to speed on the Angels, time to see what has been up to in the desert (AZ not PS, that is)
8:45 and I'm going to bed. But what a good night.
Article on film AND q&a w/ two-time rider of year John Jackson are DONE. Feeling good. 9/20 at Crest Theatre in Sacramento!!!
Like serious doe. Austin's tweets are starting to get annoying.
Cheers, David.
Famous casting director Jane Jenkins coming to edgemar for Q & A session. Go to www.edgemar.org or call (310) 392-0815
Good morning art tweeters!
Holly!! Why is austin in Miami?
Do you mean the go go global & makura in Chicago? Very nice
about to explode from the excitement caused by my imminent macbook/ipod touch purchase!!!
I think I'm on your route.
thanks for the RT man :)
yeah and nopee
nah I left before it came down
Morning session is over! Now for a quick field trip to Tolomato before lunch. A treat unique to this workshop!
3 day weekend YAY! Going to spend most of it prepping for my move next weekend. Looking forward to moving, not to the act of moving itself.
Some ppl talk about going back to a matriarchy- that that would solve our problems.
How u been my gorgeous stranger friend x
#mlanet12 Whoo hoo got all of my stuff in Google Calendar! Doh! poster #'s did not come over in import. Sigh...that is for tomorrow
should we start planning for after-party?
Touching, beautiful song. "Really going to miss you."
Does anyone know if Seau was included in any of these class action concussion lawsuits?
Currently reading: The Fashion Designer Survival Guide. Both enlightening and terrifying!!! Pick it up young designers!
There's an App for that.
. When do the "Simply Seager." or "Leave it to Seager" shirts come in?
Big Show, Intercontinental Champion? WHY. Someone cash in a Money in the Bank case right now. Is that legal?
yea tonite I was off lst nite. My 2 days are in affect so im gone see if I can get a thurs off in a couple of wks so we hng
please do.
dj anthony on air right now listen to WIN a 4 pack uf buffalo bandits tickets for this saturday night!!!!!!!
good morning to you to! Well me, just getting ready for school x(
Strong. Determined.
Anthony brought along Sheri Bigelow, a fellow Happiness Engineer from Automattic.
...we are opening today in a limited fashion. We will have 1 sandwich available (sausage, pesto, parmesan). Stop by and try us out!
Four things not to "shun" for success: preparation, conservation, organization, dedication. Do you "shun" any of these?
Let's give him the best birthday present ever: the highest viewed video on YouTube!!
I hate Mondays.
Angry haters.
Ahh but really! #beatchurchwednesday RT : Need a dinner sesh with and pronto
Good times! ": Ok so im on to the next. Gotta hit up my bff #momillsnightout"
My uncle said that he doesn't catch balls cause he already has some.
When dealing with women, there are two types of truths. THE truth, and the truth she wants to hear. Always go with option 2, fellas. ALWAYS.
LOVE the people in my life who are so good, kind & make such a difference! They make my heart swell & simply....take my breath away!
:( Sending prayers your way.
Hope every1 is having a wonderful monday!! Don't forget to tell all your friends to follow us!! We really appreciate it!!
and whos that?
yeah he's tall
The average U.S. adult spends 65 min. per day on mobile media and 167 min. with the Internet, up 30 percent & 7.7 percent versus 2010.
Stop worrying about your messy hair, your eyeliner and your curvy body. One day you'll find a guy that won't care about it.
rumors of Chip Kelly to Tampa Bay are circling. Any insights on these rumors?
Getting an education
Yes I have.
There is an Manic Panic store in LA where you can make an order!
gourmet... #Survivior style!
Good morning peeps :D
What are those things? My son has found a few.
cool! I wasn't aware there was an issue queue for this. will do :)
Nice grab, !
: Those poor dolphins would need a lot of underwire to support all of that weight.
RT : Glad your safe!
Africa = expensive. Crap.
Dear Students, Thx for being forced to take our tests. We make mad cash each time you do. -- Your friends, Pearson execs.
My team is out, so I will be routing for the hometown team...
Game of EFFIN Thrones!
Think I might put down the Newports ... all herbal is the way
Wow! RT : Cheryl Strayed is Sugar. Now buy WILD. Now!
Seriously Jeff Van Gundy. Please stop talking.
Freddy Hernandez Photography doing his thing tonight, dress like the stars! :)
There's a time to think of nobody but yourself; that time is not when you've made a commitment and others are depending on you to follow up.
We should be promoting social on air, not just home page.
yeah sloppy game tho, they better sharpen up for next week or they will bring home a big "L"
#CollaborativeLaw - Conflicted spouses can focus on important issues.
Yay! We should coordinate outfits as a panel. RT : Hey : we're on the same panel for ! Holla!
text me fag
thanks love!
i really need to start writing down daily summaries about what i learn on the internet.
Happy Friday y'all!
Lady Gaga Sports Pregnant Belly On 'Saturday Night Live'
Morning tweets
nice girl ink..normal places ankles thigh I'm sure mine takes up my right shoulder
WHAT?! Good thing bugs die in alcohol:)
use those watches we got back in the day!
Are Pokes fans puckered up tighter than a snare drum yet?
Learning so much at Dr. Stacia Pierce's Millionaire Manifestation Mastery live seminar! Glad I didn't miss!
The Word of #God is #Truth. It transform you. Show fruit.
How can I live with myself knowing I let our love go
To understand healthcare issues read TR Reid's book, The Healing of America. It's a great book that'ill open ur eyes if you open your mind.
#ImSingleBecause I choose to be
Yes he is ! Soo ? You're so racist :( I'll make him love you ! You two are officially going out now. I told him you said yes
I really do need to get me some LBF gear.
yeaa pretty but i couldnt go to school i'm sick :(
hehe, waiting for my stomach to be less full so I can eat dessert :P the mixing of conflicting cultures is just hilarious today
:/ did you take to him.
Little Saxy tiger
because you are tweeting about it 15 mins before it starts ...so no I won't be there. Can't wait to see one of ur shows soon
Quite a succinct and unassuming tweet...
Happy Birthday goes to my little brother This is like my bestfriend and my brother in one. Love him to death.
I disagree. The replay showed no indisputable evidence to overturn the original call on the field.
first album- Toto Africa First concert - men at work
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on courage:
yu Call Me! I Need Yur house numb!
Meeting tonight at 8:30 in Rangeview 242. We're looking forward to hearing our Exec Board nominees speeches!
What if
my 100th tweet :)
Let's get the vote out 2morrow Election Day 4 Carlos Gimenez -#19.. Let's go South Miami, Kendall, Pinecrest, Falls, Palmetto & Cutler Bay
You too!!
I'm the new cancer, never looked better and you can't stand it~ #flashbackfriday. Reminds me of in the jeep.
Happy Thanksgiving Friends!
- I agree but 8-1 is a good start
thank you!:)
thank you cuz
#ICantStandPeople Who Fuck Too Many Ppl In One Day!
we love Lake
Church ! Lord please excuse my recent absences =\ I'll be there today though .
snow, hail, rain, and 75 degree sunshine today. Its only 2:15 pm. Might as well just call it a day and go home
Dude how did you know what me and Brooke were talking about while you were running!? Hahaha.
stop being mean!!!!
If this chicago 1D signing doesn't happen, I will personally rip your ears off, and shove them down your throat
He still makes music ?
Hap B day Avery!! :)
He was boss in Boston & responsible for historic collapse this season! Explain that? Left club in total shambles!
Go follow my other fan account !!! i will follow everyone back on there and list u 20x :)
Let's golf this week!
Hitchhikers guide
Thanks! I will be there!! Keep up the GREAT work! One day soon I will be on the TED stage! :-)
coke over pepsi isn't controversial enough (or at all)
only u you change format, Bob. Right, ?
i find the outstart, taleo and successfactors acquisitions to be very interesting.
did you enjoy?
A wise king never seeks out war, but they are always ready for it
you sir, are a totally SICK.. meaning kick ass concert shooter.. I wish my best shots were as good as your worst shots
momma got a new job so the newest podcast won't be up until after t-day.
Shoulder pain seems to actually be a sore deltoid (from what I can tell). Feeling old and feeble sucks.
Football starts next week... Came back to soon
Thirsty Thursday!
RT : Later Lovelies ! This day is precious !
heck yes he did lol
"Turn away if u could get me a drink..."
When your weekend alarm is set earlier than your weekday alarm.
Don't worry. We'll remind you on Monday.
“ if I jut got paid, & ur w/me... theres a 99% chance were getting drunk. The other 1% is me dropping u off homie”
Live tweeting from London at #iqpc & presenting soon, discussing tension between us courts and international data privacy ^CC
": Ryan Braun announced as NL Player of the Month for September. #Brewers" September, when it matters the most. Congrats #RB8!
Cool name the world needed another Rasheeda, now all we need is 3
See? They gots you, G!
U have the thinking of someone who believes the #media on their #TV -youre SO wrong. #Russia = trying 2 protect #Syria from
might not wanna post that on twitter. lol
Such an amazing time at the scarlet and grey cafe. Recording of the show came out amazingly well... tunes will be posted asap!
Baby come back!
our production is backed up for 2 weeks! thanks for your patience and !!
RT : Unconfirmed: Beastie Boy Adam Yauch Has Died of Cancer.
Oh an also a pool boy!
Reed/Lewis: Still Drooling... RT Brian St. Pierre also led my high school...to a Div. 1 championship in 1997.
Dat U Are
You should add me on Facebook
'if you love me you won't sit by him' "you can't do that to me" 'ok if you love me you won't agree with her'
Civilian Review Board = WATCHDOG over SD Police Department? Not Happening. It doesn't do the job. Tonight 10 news 5pm
what do you think so far ?
yea i like that one too! :)
HI BAILEY. omg big fans^.^ follow me?^.^
great day in apc. Getting it done on squat with and Now i just need to get it done on bench
uh huh. "late"
smooth. very smooth. (;
Dahlia Woods Gallery Opening, Friday May 22 6-8PM ft. Inki Min & sculptures by Will Johnson, 600 Cantegral Street, Dallas
I can't wait to see the next useless John McDonald at bat today
Met Joe Black, same movie, just told in the past tense #removeoneletterfilm (via )
It's hard to believe that the series finale of #DesperateHousewives is tonight. So long, Wisteria Lane...
RT : So excited to be on your show this morning with
Usually like NFLN's top 10 show, but top 10 Uniforms. .really?
I mith you. (when typing mith it came up mitherfucjer, I suck at typing when I'm drunk and angry)
Thanks for the RT! Happy Friday!
Searches that led people to my website today: ridiculous occupy; legitimate or acceptable; many christians debate whether devil leigh hunt
Discrimination has ended in the US Armed Forces. Thanks to all the Senators who voted in favor of repealing #DADT!
#FF I know it's corny, but she's my dog.
you should find a good friend to help you with some of the final steps for your videos and the radio show. :)
I love you more with every breath--truly, madly, deeply.
Sweet. You need to be the tip of the spear for Paleo promotion.
well my birthday is coming up and follow and a dm saying happy birthday would be AMAZING!!! Plz :)
He snapped on the vet, lmsoo crqzy dog.
I just bought my Mommy a necklace that said worlds best mom can't wait for tomorrow ... it was worth it especially after all she does for me
The things on my prayer list are about my future not my today. I pray to be a good wife & I'm single
Gym is done! Now rehearsing and then my Meisner class tonight!
What species scares u then?
Hold on to your innocence use your common sense.
gorditas! that looks awesome...now craving Mexican
“: Dangerously high on the Cramps. I shouldn't drive..”
You want to make her happy? It's simple. Listen to her. Hold her. Love her like she's the only woman in the world.
nice. We are about to head out too. No real plans. Let me know where you land and I'll do the same
needs a NEW roommate! One of mine moved out! If you are even remotely interrested get at me A.S.A.P.!!! :-) (Very cheap flat rate!)
I actually am following you.. Already
Happy International Museum Day, everyone! Go hug a curator or docent.
What's more Bollywood than dancing in the Swiss Alps? Dancing on a boat comes pretty close!...guess what doing!...
Do it!!!! Enjoy the flight, experience, the blessing.
aw! so far, yet so close! :)
Preach. RT : "Searching the library website is fun!" -No One, Ever.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with the important matters
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
lmao tell us how u really feel ?! Shit lmao
I've become addicted to the snooze button. Any remedy to break this bad habit? :/ :)
<333 shut up now ill be sad if he never does
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe
Sex and Hollywood, sex and hollywood!!!!!
He Studied Mayhem
Shouldn't David Stern win Executive of the Year?
Is there anything like this event in Tulsa close to Baltimore? I'd love my husband to attend.
what gym u go 2?
RT RT : African American women make 62 cents to the white male dollar, at a loss of $19,575 per year.
I secretly love listening to songs that have New York somewhere in there. It makes me feel proud to live here. Yes, I know. I'm stupid.
i just got to english! what do you have next ??????
Sure romney is electable. Sure Gingrich is electable. Sure Huntsman is electable. But can they really beat Obama?
I would love to participate in more online #foodallergy support group forums in different cities. Facebook helps too!
hahaha it's just a weird thing to see, especially having known her for so long as andy's gf
Honesty is a good thing, but it is not profitable to its possessor unless it is kept under control.
IKR! i miss you soo much !!!i dont even remeber the last time we hung out,oh yeah at the pool how long ago was that?
My parents said to never take food from strangers, but when a lady hands me a perfectly good McDonalds hamburger, I can't resist!
I livefor God not distractions there's a huge difference lol follow me ;)
It felt like just yesterday I made my first holy communion, and now I'm watching my baby sister make hers:')
I wish I was packing for Cannes.
Thanks for the follow! Stay tuned for more plumbing, HVAC, and electrical updates
Would you give the first dance to me.?
who took my lighter...
I have not, but I can only imagine. Would love to let loose with a brick of Tri-X in Memphis dude.
The Oh Group is a sponsor for the Asian Festival in Dallas, TX. Free even on 3/12 Main St. Garden.
#Excited I want black car for my Bday suprise!
so my day turned out alright. just got some shit on my mind tho
thanks bro I really appreciate that!
I'm playing tonight downtown at the Grand Bohemian Orlando Florida 7-11
PICK YOUR OWN PRICE: $10 or $15 to Time Stands Still TONIGHT & TORROW at 7:30pm Purchase at the door that night only!
Hay, come home soon. We miss you.
underworldd (: ima just watch movie's all day.
But I only want to be an asshole on twitter! Really! :-)
I hope my phone dies now so I can't watch anymore of these...*clicks to next in series*
Can't help with the cords :/ RT : A merciful god would have created self-lubricating asses and untanglable headphone cords.
thank you!
Lol ok, I right witcha on this 1 man.
Why is all ot your tweets squares?
Goodnight peeps
Wow huge thunder strike in Pasadena. Scared the crap out of me.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you wanna say something but you just put something in your mouth so you say hold on,suddenly it takes 10min to chew
Day two at Chicago #GreenFest. So much to see and do and buy today!
RT #SteveJobs portrait for It was a true honor to be asked to do another portrait for Adweek and even more...
Old friend and former Huron colleague Faye (Adams) Rice just started at Natoma Partners this week. Welcome aboard Faye!
Tried to be a good mom & took kids 2 open gym @ rec center only to leave 1/2 hr into it. MAJOR MELTDOWN sort of took all the fun out of it!
hahahah do you remember me from before
The countdown is happening before #enlightenment #event of the year hits #Denver #Colorado be part of the
hypocrites abound.
RT : The Volkswagen Club of Milwaukee will be displaying their vintage cars ALL 4 days of German Fest this year!
I've seen you both times! You were (are) awesome! Much love Coco!
RT : If what you want is taking its time getting to you, you've simply got a little more growing to do.
Horrible end to a BC HOF career RT : Yes it is!!!!
Ron Weasley made me fall in love with gingers.
who are these guys
Don't you think Uthoff should have spoken face-to-face w/ Ryan just once before airing a DAILY blow-by-blow with the media?
": That's my BF!!! Lol"come get him then
Hey I followed you back love
#Giro If all those 'copters are on the ball, you'll see views of the beautiful medieval town of Viepri to the L of the road.
Happy St Paddy's!
Gonna eat a meatball.
Brought the #London boys to Just another night in
Hey it is ok to break out of your shell sometimes...... and your clothes (in public) occassionally! Geeze! Just do it!
We specialize in artist development, marketing, and promotion.
LOL! :) My home works done!
20% OFF Donut Kingdom. Only w/ a
Q: Why did the motorcycle take a break? A: Because it was "TWO TIRED"!
Writing and sex is a thing of beauty.
Party like it's 1997
Yes! I seriously need someone to go with me! Lance is working late :[
do you know who Rebecca Black is?
Thank you TXA for saving me from the heat and Knicks game
#somewhereinthehood is performing for a group of niggas and 1 bitch....
omg!!!! That sucks I'm sry boo how u get that?? An well good ur better now.. an I'm doing good just putting myself out there
You have an amazing voice and are extremely talented!!! Good luck to you in your music career!!
calling it a night. more tomorrow...!
To be honest I started to fangirl about #SaySomethin at 7 and I still am <3
In the middle of blow drying my hair and the comb broke. If this is any indication of this day, I need to go back to bed...
coming to Love4Haiti! All sales will be donated.
Always :) So fun RT : thanks for the follow! We enjoyed your guest appearance with Mr. Calhoon Cd release party!”
Well, this is it - still not quite packed, but somehow, someway, we're leaving for Thailand in the morning!
": I shouldve smoked a blunt before coming home", if u live by me im firing up na.
You need to eat, starving yourself will lead to problems and I do not suggest ever fasting because it is horrible for you.
It seems that everyone has decided on their college in the last two days O_o....or at least decided to post it on facebook
hey i want to send a shout out to the people who r following me " THANK YOU!"REPLY BACK PLZZZZZ
OK CLT, ticket booked!
and I loved the call tonight! Ad I'm loving the videos. SO wonderful! :)
I Will Always Love You....
Should be sleeping- but i'm not! I am my own worst enemy!
your not heartless, you've just learned to use your heart less.
I really,really hope not. It wouldn't be the same!
Skylar :) how about yourself??
OMG....the new activity column moves faster than the actual Twitter Timeline, LOL!
Drunk on a Tuesday! Why
Okay power105 .. Going in all DMX im love it!! Getting me hyped lol
Yes I got help from Will the store mgr. Placed my flooring order too. thks
Thanks for #leapahead tweet, and for keynoting!
Nuts are a great source of protein and healthy fats, stock up on them!
"how the hell do you do that?" people ask me when i draw i say "i dont know..."
Ritz murda dat beat! I feel like I'm at a giddha show everytime I hear that track.
Tonight's Dear Harvey!
Sleep caught hold of me & wouldnt let go. Oh well sleep all day up all night
Happy New Year!
Having said that, I understand and respect your strict anti-acronym stance.
If the cab driver said that about any one else I would be worried. But knowing it was Jim fucking lahey himself doesn't surprise me.
We're honored to have and Mayor Reardon in attendance at the groundbreaking today.
Moving customers thru checkout process efficiently, courteously: every retailer's objective. CPS releases QuikLine for automated queuing!
PUT YOUR PHONE AWAY KATIE
You too! I knew you were more than just an eye! :)
Shaving my head after spring break is over.
“: Congrats to St. Eds!!!!! Gives me a reason to go to Columbus!” thanks Maine!
Not true of my former UVA colleagues. MT Professors who don't collaborate or experiment before tenure are unlikely to after.
Happy Mother's Day!
Nor is it true that austerity will generate growth. I think we've conclusively proven that by now.
« na you got this baby lol I know that for a fact! :)»thanks gorgeous <3 i feel 10x confident now.
what did I do
Turn this ish up !
Aw, hi!! Thank you so much!! RT I love "Stupid and Seventeen". I cant stop listening to it!!!!!! :)
When is the next tour. I'm strangely addicted
Morning broke, and we looked long in the growing light for our island
Kush in the air
We are a school, not a political affiliation. I fail to see how our talk on freelance video work has to do with reps vs dems
it's a classic move. I first used it on with great success. The rest is history.
Time for #KUWTK!
#ConfessionTime I blocked U
Jersey shore tonight. The start of new spring television. Gettin excited
I like it. "fairy godmother" status requires a new outfit.
just stay on this one I just got really confused but yeah and wow just wow smh
Very cool to hear that former MNSpeaker was among the winners of 2012 MN Book Award. Woot.
Who ever is my 70th follower I will give them a shout out!!(:
Awesome hang time w/ & Now time to spoil myself with a ridiculous cheese tray & misfits.
Remember those words next time you are looking for work. And yes, veterans do deserve a break.
today will be the death of me.
Sister: "When I get married and start working, my money is my money. And his money is OUR money." LMFAO!!! She's so weird! :P
So much for a good spring break. I might as well be in school
She does look cute, but not as cute as ya'll! Keep us in mind for recognition, award or just some fun keepsake bottles.
I ran this morning so I'm about to shower. Maybe I can meet you there? Which one?
Props to for the video and sound!
Many thanks. Looking forward to MW2012!
Cars hiss by my window, like the waves down on the beach
I wonder if ABC will show "The Dictator" on the red carpet. He's there.
REMINDER: Tonight's #revideo chat will be discussion on real estate video distribution strategy/tactics. Set your alarms to stun! 9pm EST.
how you doing. we would like to book you for a show. please contact us at . also do live streaming
now your on twitter!!!! Awesome
congrats on your magazine spread with Brit Lauren!
Humans: lazy, we share & creatures of habit. How do we hack our natural traits to bring more value?
New profile picture. Amateur photoshop skills on my CS6 beta photoshop. See me by the highway with sign: "Need $ for software"
UMinn identified its user communities and created profiles about their user needs and usage behavior
oh yeah! Me too I jumped ship for ONE DIRECTION!
Wearing my shirt today. Man I miss football. :(
RT : The Avengers was so good definitely 4 stars <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
I know you do
Was epic meeting and last night
RT " : Orgasms for science!"
Beads galore--celebrating Mardi Gras in the Gaslamp tonight.
Nice shot and article ;)
#MittRomneyFilms Lie Hard With A Vengeance
my cat scares the shit out of me whenever he paws at my toes
#MeWithoutYouIsLike... A sock wit no feet
Wifi @ #cildc keynote is so redonkulously overloaded that I gave my iPad to use as a table for his bluetooth keyboard.
wow i havent tweeted for a while now...well hey guys..how are you?
My midget girlfriend just dumped me, sucks, I was totally nuts over her...
thanks for promoting our alum. He was like a baby penguin in school, now he is turning into an Emperor Penguin!
i wanna karaoke tonight and only sing ace of base, cranberries and four non blondes- i think i'll need a private room.
Telling people what is "coming up in..." a countdown on a movie is the dumbest fucking thing in entertainment.
you can wear me out inside
Trend? Next wave of #IPOs is enterprise #software companies #paloaltonetworks … Press panel
I'm grateful that I can be a daddy and not just a father. But in doing so, I miss out on some things. Better this way!
": But my cab driver's name is Lavender. That's pretty."<-- That's pretty amazing is what that is.
I like my music real loud, can you turn that shit up for me right now?
Drink tequila
lmao “: Most costly iPhone auto correct ever? It apparently changed 'sing Levon' to 'sign Livan'.”
so excited to meet you in person next week!
annual reviews?
Are you leaving again, Berni? What's the next chapter hold for you?
ha! Well look at that
School #36 is here with their sketch pads to see our penguins
All this material-if you practice it-will help you in your situation
Definitely the Sun Chips and hummus. Yum!
My mom yelling on the phone (-__-)<<<<< lol
#slcwebinar Make time to reflect on what you learn, synthesize and share.
explains why it's so hard to ride from fells to mt vernon maybe
yep, its race day
"The measure of our success is not determined by how we act during the great times in life but how we respond in our most difficult moments"
I don't know what that is CullyBear...
Mango smoothie from BK
Sad night for all Penn State fans
I kinda miss my dad! I rarely say that.
i got it thanks so very much ;)
Call your Dad asap...
I've seen better. Lol RT: “: What do you think of my new chain bikini?
I seriously doubt that you forgot why I was upset with you..like you obviously don't care one bit
I hope Ellis gets hit by a bus
Archer is back tomorrow night. Boosh and/or kakow!
no worries, I can pick them up by Monday at the latest!
Got in-service!
RT: "Visualizing ur goals isnt just about seeing the destination; it's about seeing the path to get there.." Tatiana Escalada (via )
Obviously I was gonna be stressed out and upset, and I didn't mean to take it out on you.
Marine Corps Marathon sold out in 2 hours and 41 minutes. And I'm one of the lucky 30000 entrants. I better not screw this one up.
I am at the meeting - where are you guys????
Today while it was sprinkling, a DUCK waddled up my driveway. You don't see that everyday! Blackjack the cat was mezmerized!
Dyed my hair black.. but still no one notices......
ok let me rephrase, they'll try something new, but, I hav a feeling, they'll be back, permenantly if things dnt pan out.
It looks like I will be in Buenos Aires in November. I am looking forward to the trip
Judge asks jury "can u all be fair?" All jurors shake head yes. I almost burst out in laughter-- as that's not gonna happen!
I got a friend moving to Memphis. Church recommendations?
Nah, I'm ok. Just whacked my shoulder.
RIP Maurice Sendak
I think in marketing dollars, so I believe a new name & logo would enhance opportunity. I do like their colors.
good well I bled orange and black. Getting the old school logo as my first tattoo for my 30th. Keep rockin my dude
Throws* thanks and for pointin that out lol
Thanks so much!
ur giving me away
2 cups of coffee down, about to brew a new pot. still in bed. reading, looking for work, dreaming of Paris..
hahah homegirl's bedazzled in diddy. You won't wear that out this weekend.
Sounds like Congress is back in session on 17th street this evening!
Thanks for the mention
Almost! The retreat starts this afternoon.
TGIF..... Actually sitting in one of them!!!!
u r 100 percent gorgeous i wish i looked like u ur tweets get me thru my day
Now the question becomes when did Alex Smith get the clutch gene?
Tweet Tweet :)
: get the Red Velvet Pancakes!!! M
Costco pre negotiates and schedules appointments for you. It made buying my last car quite pleasant.
There was a cricket in the office, sure there's one in my house now
die steelers, die.
There's still time. Ugh. Worst OT performance ever?
A bathroom would be nice right about now
Also, their reading room has some of the best light/windows, ever
Three words: Constant Growing Audience
Damn you Bill Scott for kicking me out of my car this morning, I guess I'll just save my beezy for after school
Damn, get yours girl RT “: "I'm still just as horny as I've ever been." --Betty White, on turning 90. #WorkItGirl”
it was great! Clean and organized. We'll see how long it lasts that way.
"If you’re talking about me behind my back that just means my life is obviously more interesting than yours"
i dont like living with guilt , but i dont know what to do about the situation im in.
that was just a screen shot of a couple lines from Friday! SHA2013, and related searches, account for 4th highest query.
We Cenanuff Tonight :-D The Rock Wins
We have performances for different #Chicago artists. All you need to do is apply to be part of one ;) We'd love to see your work!
It's better to be with no one , than with the wrong one .
hah i dunno most Asian women i know age gracefully...my old professor she was in her 60s but looked super young for her age.
Felt GREAT to see my friends! :D
im kinda bored :/ -_______________________________-
I need some WD40 on my office chair. The squiking is driving me insane!
What you are going through now is only preparation for where you're going. Pay attention the lessons!
Purpose is not only found in moments of monumental achievement, but also in each small act of kindness every day.
This Miami heat game is crazy!
I miss my boobear a whole lot! :(
lmao that was a crazy day tho....it started in Franklin Millz parking lot an ended near my union hall lmao
how is it going?!?
how is Lavo?
Even though I didnt like the seclusion part... I miss y'uns :(
Girls, please help me.. this girl wont leave me alone.. shes stuck up my ass...like shes fuckin stuck to me.. please help..
Caffeine and Sugar overload at 2:46pm. Starbucks, Zip Fuzz, Crumbs Cupcakes and I can't think straight.
Thank you for having us! We look forward to seeing you again soon!
damn, I'm proud of my rebuttal defending country music. maybe thats why I wanna move to Nashville &work around it
What should I do tonight... hrm
RT I wanna dance and love and dance again :)
Still in the process of setting up our Etsy store. If there's anything you're interested in, we're pretty crafty. DM us your thoughts :)
At the PLP culminating event. Bittersweet.
nothingg worse than an intense itch on bottom of ur foot with tall boots on. Do you try to reach ur arm down there?Or just rip off the boot?
email is @
Jerome Chou: NYC Garment District still exists b/c super close proximity = apparel is made faster, cheaper than overseas.
I'm going to try to be there, but I won't be in costume. I'm a party pooper!
are you putting #SAYSOMETHIN on iTunes?:) I really hope so it's amazing!<3
Who invited winter back?
We're now following 666 people. Interesting....
I'm the bed turn my head 2 the side rayle' but all n my face, lol
I believe it! keeps it entertaining :)
1602 S. Park St. Madison. Can you make it? Thx!
And so much talk about American Idol.
RT": The hardest thing ever is controlling ur own desires"
How is it that says degraded women last night on #TheVoice and then she didn't even bother to wear pants tonight
I understand that. It's just the fact that the family wanted to keep it on the down low.
Why the cashier breathe @ Krogers smells like Zoo Dirt??
Speaking at the flemming steak house..tulsa. Oklahoma tonight 6:30 pm
This is where the British girl quietly slips out of this convo :P
i see you puttin in work patna. lets link up doe, where you been at
No plans tomorrow
RT : Spooky crafts, games, hayrides and the haunted conservatory are at Garfield Park Oct 27 & 28, 7-9pm. Costumes welcome.
raise your glass by Pimk
Feeding the homeless people
Wagering with on how long before #Timbers fans have a full scale melt-down.
So true.. final destination!!
Fans at Players Championship not sure how to behave when seating not blocked off by tarps.
-April, I think. I'll ask 2nite @ and get back to u. Feel free to join us 7pm Memorial Hall, Blanchette Park, St. Charles.
Tomorrow night at 11. I know, late, but it's always a good time.
play me
Here if you need me.
Oh, for whoever cares about my academic career, I got a 96% on my final exam in History class.
yep how are you my dude? Hope Japan treating you well
aw thanks! me and o are besties now. i thought she'd let me be on the cover, but apparently we're not as close as i thought.
I hope so!!
Morning, Chris.
Hey, go check out my band if you're bored out of your mind like me! #myheartremains.com #rtht..Smooches!
:D made my day and I saw you at acoustic Christmas you were amazing!
WELL alrighty then
IM A TRUE RELIGION PHIEN
It all comes down to this, I miss you...
That is the most horrible thing I've ever seen. I'm so embarrassed to be a human.
I'm back, baby!
I think you're right to call it *mild* censorship. But, I think, probably necessary. Lots of libraries esp non-US are closed stacks
I'm taking a break from life...
when r the posters shipped?
hey my fav. Sexy housewife!!!!<U+E032><U+E032>
Arrived in VA. Desire to do things properly at war with desire to do things fast.
I don't want summer to get here -Said no one ever
she has a way of doing that!
Really digging Rihanna's new song Where Have You Been (:
Love having a boyfriend that smells like curry sauce #TimeForABathBabe :L
Thanks for following me.
Tbh, I think Jelena broke up.
those first two games were pretty random.
Signs you are getting old: ambivalence about voluntary flight bumping. To do or not to do.
RT 3-17-2012..happy 3'rd tiwtter-annis 2 us... Cool what shall I do a shot of when I get off work in our honor? Cheers to ya
U have to feel pain to know pleasure..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
So Stoked to play some music tommorrow!
This cold rainy Oregon weather makes me want to just sleep.
So apparently being a lesbian is the latest fad at Mater.......
Low light is same as EPIC.
see what had happened was ... I had some oodles and noodles in the pot but I didn't put any water in it and I put it on the stove ..
The Gaga festival this past weekend was amazing! There was a great turnout and the bands were fabulous!
love your pictures, hope you will be at the parade next week to get the city at its "greenest!"
You can almost hear Miller Park inhale en masse when a #Brewers player nears a wall, then exhale when he emerges safely.
If I didn't already have a job I'd work for you! You're one of the best cc/
chillin bruh knocking did grad school out!
Gmen look great with those high pink socks I thought I was watchin the WNFL for a minute
everybodys ahead of me in this progression. im like the little one that got left behind n shit. workin on fixin that
#Tebow is like the bizarro Lebron, he must have traded all his 4th quarters in for
See? is intentionally lowering expectations so she can wow the judges in the end. WINNER.
#Cuts4aCause is right around the corner... anybody willing to donate their hair for a good cause??
Up before 8am on a Saturday. I must be crazy... So worth it though!
you must have a postal worker in your 'hood who is just as into photography. ;)
You would like that one haha
Thanks for the great mention of blpdx ~ and all you do. Say HI to Erik from everyone at the Blossoming Lotus Portland!
Hanging out with friends today and will try to play online poker at the same time. Worked out last time, see if I can do it again.
Of course I believe in AMERICA. I DON'T believe in MITT ROMNEY. Why? He Is the CASE OF THE FAKE PEOPLE__ROMNEY VILLE. NLD Mom/ca. survivor
How was Old Jews Telling Jokes?
+1 RT : Whether you celebrate or not, happy International Hug a Medievalist Day! {<U+2665>}
blunt blowing
Also, in the spirit of the social environment , we're hashtagging #overheardatworkbar. Join the convo!
Me too. Im gonna stay positive though! :)
Proud to have a few real friends than a bunch of fake ones like most of you bitches! <U+E405>
season finale of #csi (vegas, the best!) tonite looks2b an edge of ur seat action packed episode. already can't wait4the new season!
#PROUDof1D :D forever and ever
At the Gourmet Diner in N. Miami sipping Sauvignon Blanc and thinking about my order. Tonight's souffle: zucchini.
74% of Iowa children under 6 have both parents in the work force. We need quality #afterschool programs.
31 fouls against the Pacers, 38 free throws throughout the course of the game for the Heat. Pacers went weak at the end also
I think most women know Oprah's famous line...all my life I had to fight.
don't forget the #95uclachampionship #basketball team. Representing
NO chance he comes to KY. The AD at KY hates Petrino! That's a fact
Katherine is safe.... Figured that.
CMU students arguing about the quality of gourmet cupcakes. Yep. That happened.
Trying to decide which new clubs to add to the rental inventory in Scottsdale. R11/razr hawk/burner/VR?? So many choices!
How do you know when the stage is level ? The drummer is drooling out of both sides of his mouth
There's nothing more fun and refreshing than a dip in Lake Hefner and a few snapshots in our digital photobooth!
Lily, Rosemary, & the Jack of Hearts? Love that sweet Dylan story-song. There's a great 10 min version on Blood: NYC sessions.
almost the 4th quarter. You know what that means. #NorrisColeShow is about to start
free for all
Help us fill some tour dates. We are looking for some dates between the 12th and 19th of this month. If you book bands hit us up.
narveson and estrada have pitched pretty well in relief. marcum and wolf both looked lost.
omg I'm so sorry dude that shit suck. That cleveland dude is a fucking idiot.
I wonder if is coming to the NY Show
wat the faaauuucck… was she talking about ..
It would be so nice if I could stop working and have some fun.
Froggy Jet flying right now! #FroggyFlyaway to #CMAfest with
SHOUT OUT TO MY BOO BOO MVP !!
More finger-tapping iPhone action from yours truly tonight : Keygrip : soundtrack to silent film
Fuck yeah next paycheck imma buy my nocturnal wonderland tickets! Idgaf if i go alone.
TONITE - #Orlando Hottest Happy Hour is at NV Art Bar! No Cover, Strong Drinks & Free Food + Old School HipHop #GoodTimes Doors 8p
Don't sleep on M. Branch now!!! Lol
Weather for Twins 1stgame Mon Apr-9 Field in Mpls looks cool with a mix of clouds & sun with NW winds @ 10mph & temps in low 50s
Thanks, Fifth Element Soundtrack, for going along *perfectly* with my Hunger Games reading time last night.
The Service Industry tonight at Club Deville for FREE WEEK in Austin, Texas, USA. Come on down, ya cheap bastards.
Paradise Fears, The Cab, The Summer Set, and Days Difference at The Emerson Theater on 1/31! Who is going? [=
Short skirt + high winds = not a good idea
yeah did you get my email(s)? it was about the mail clerks. prob easier if you post w/ the whole geotargeting thing..
Castlevania tonight! Who's down to party! Hmu!!
ITS MOTHERS DAY ALREADY?!?!?! oh..... well happy anniversary AND happy mother's day mom!
Hey, so I will be in Las Vegas Mon - Friday. What should I do!? Eat!? What!???
#100thingsihate being cold !
lol too funny an well ur lucky you get to be all over the place =D
Wish they had stayed, but probably a bigger loss in the locker room and on the air than on the field
US Army vet; Watercolor painter; golfer, bowler: MOM!
Just got back from two hours of dancing salsa, chacha, hustle & foxtrot
Ronnie James Dio (R.I.P.)
dont u think a man knowing how to cook is a gud Attribute
likes to reinforce peoples assumption that im gay by tweeting things like that
I guess I should get ready for today whatever I'm doing today lol.
Four year olds are the best form of birth control
Okay I can go to sleep now.
nice shirt :). Looks good on you
nah man I can't lol but I'm trying!
just found the kittens!
sorry office cafeteria but if something contains both the words "cream sauce" and "bow tie pasta" it cannot be the healthy option
Crossing fingers, heart meds at the ready...
Edgar Rice Burroughs lived here, hence the name. Also, John Carter Of Marsville would've tanked.
Apparently my usual campus coffee shop is bound and determined to give my business to Starbucks. Odd business strategy, but oh well.
Glad to hear it! I enjoy the ViaMe platform.
It's still early!!! What are you waiting for!!??
#FF Thanks everyone
Happy Wednesday Eve :-))
Jeremy Lin is kicking it a lot like Cazzie Russell
And hello to you! I trust that the poetry is still slamming?
Early dinner date with it's been too long, girl!
No school for me...out shipping an shit
My heart goes out to the Madden family. Especially her kids.
THE PAY BACK TOUR NEXT IS PATRIOTS
Was SO surprised when my hubby told me I was mentioned on !! Apparently Dave Pensado was really curious about Dave Huff's...
Looking for a good caricature artist who can design some new avatars for our podcast and website. Inquire within.
Getting my hair layered!!!!!!! Finally!
only the flying kind.
Good morning world!! Thanking god for another day<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>!!!
GOP in favor of gay marriage. Since when?
There's an email coming your way soon!
Missing Tucson a bit
on the phone with apple trying to fix terry's ipod touch
Thanks to for covering MYC presser opposing AB481 this afternoon.
#womenrock! We are emotional but emotionally we withstand and endure anything!
RT : Its game time!!
The only B-word you should call a girl is Beautiful. Trust me, Bitches loves that.
NOT lol. Ill visit on the day of Hantes :P
This is why I feel used.
... I liked it, but come on!! Lol
Are you going to this?
Hi, I am looking for a short story editor to do the critique on first drafts so I can rewrite them. Do you offer services?
Lauren just got cut. Payson told the NGO about her bad heart and they cut her.
Thanks for sharing the post! Turkey went great! He loved it. Thank you for asking!!
thats not Rebel Red!!
t(-.-t) Mayweather... Cotto still fought good!
I need to take my morning piss, right now!!!! O_o
www.lovemachineinc.com, check it out! Second Life's Founders newest baby!
Gold Rush Rally only 4 weeks away!! Exotic Car time. Yea!!
I love you <U+2665>
We've both admitted at least once that we miss each other. It means we need each other.<3
thanks - but everyone knows CMOs exaggerate a bit. also, don't believe kevin's "lowly" line. he's a diesel.
All the shit I do for and she still acts like that!
#Nuggets play tonight! I absolutely NEED to make it to at least one game this year! Just need a game buddy!
This is still about killing Osama Bin Laden
I would die if you followed me on twitter or even DMed me!
Ps 143:8/J. Meyer: On You do I lean...I lift up my inner self to You...You are listening...You are speaking.
Thanks for letting us know :)
Thank you!!!
For the ever aging record, I love that I made ringtones because when my phone rings people ask who it is. Promoting every day.
hates me.
“ I have tried 99 times and have failed, but on the 100th time came Success is more attitude success. than aptitude.
is happy not to listen to neightborhood fireworks because of the rain.
No one can want something bad enough for you to make it happen. For lasting success you have to want it yourself~
15 minutes kettlebell. Can't walk. Must be good workout. ;)
aye! u real af!
Happy Friday Friends!
Yall know I'm playing a show on Tuesday, right? with Stephanie, Flexions, and
trying to make up for a completely wasted day yesterday. Guest room close to clean, dog walked & sleeping; time for a mani/pedi and I nap!:)
Did you take cool photos at #WFX? Share them here with your colleagues and peers!
my jealousy is going to be the death of me........i dont care......im never going to trust any other girl around you..
Watching my all time favorite movie :)
would be a solid hire for any team. downfall = GM title + no man parts in dealing with Favre
“ never betray someone who were true with u from the very start.. #Loyalty”
RT Dig a broad shallow hole, remove all tags & twine, make sure not to plant too deep, straighten the tree, mulch & water..
HIT THE WALL was frequently meaningful and constantly rollicking. (i enjoyed it.)
We're really settling in to our new home in ! Pictures to come soon!
Oovoo me plz i need to get cheered up ever sense i brought up my miserable memories im depressed D: :((
#WhenLifeGivesYouLemons kick life in the face with your ENERGY LEGS!!!
BRUNCH, BRUNCH, BLOODIES, BRUNCH, BLOODIES... FUN till 4pm
def over messaging u but I have an extra ticket to the bulls game sunday I assume ur prob working but if not its yours if u want
I think I'm getting my second wind! RT : S/O to my newest follower ! I'd like to party with a giraffe
I really need to finish #soundandthefury. I have no idea what's going on :/
My nose is killing me...
just watched Herzog's #IntoTheAbyss, amazing doc.
My shins kill how did I play tennis
fights through the back door bracket to qualify for nationals! New season starts now!
thanks for playing last night! You guys were awesome!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Let me check into that....are you there for good or just a visit?
Watching White Christmas for the first time this season with my family <3
oh yeah a challenge will certainly help :) I read about the same speed; my issue has just been finding large chunks of time
Well said, well said!
Stumbled upon Gregory Porter, his singing is phenomenal!
I MISS YOU KELLS!
it's Cathy's clown
I wear a belt with my pants even if they fit me perfectly. I have no good reason for this.
Ah yes. God.
Great visit w/ Campbellsville University partners today! Thank u for having us out to tape the Dialog on Public Issues Segment
I would expect nothing less. Don't keep showing your hand tho, if you have a card you want to play, play it. I'm not bluffing.
thanks i love you.
Copy that shit. Copies are like 10 cents each, right? No obligation, though.
every night on the strip I slip n slide
Best damn ass licker you ever knew nigga
Its not okay for you to take your anger out on me & then act like it never happened, I'm not your punching bag either, WHERE'S MY RESPECT.!?
i know right. they support my breasts to nicely.
So awkward in elevators
What website can I download odd future vol 2 album on?
Comedy show this Sunday @ Starlight
do a hard reset on the wifi router first (pull power). Then, hard reset iPad (hold home and top button down for 10 sec).
we posted pics on :-)
Yes ik I'm cute
no self respect....gotta think and carry yourself as a queen.
honest, funny, tired
Why do boy have no emotions ???
The Pepsi center is getting ready to explode
Surgical Masks for ALL! ;-)
Hey happy birthday!
Russel Brand: Drug Addiction is a Health Issue, Compassion ...
RT if you love 's new single #SAYSOMETHIN!!<3
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power. -Alvin Toffler
This day is already off to a great start. One of my favorite professors just got promoted from Assistant Professor to a Full Professor.
I love having coffee with ! She is awesome.
HAPPY BDAY TO ME ND YOU:)
Oy! New fun FF: for all you at
3 hour ride down to NC today with 2 Chiefs and an Ensign just to pick something up, turn around and ride 3 hours back.
TGIF to all my world cusotmers www,varsityjackets09.com We rock custom varsity jackets~
thanks for the sketch retweets fam
not a 'job' from 'the man' I mean a real career of being awesome
Take Your Meds Or Get A Hobby...Whatever Comes First!!
So, Windows Update. Come here, I'd like to have a little chat. Sweetie, darling, I loathe you from the depths of my soul. xxoo
EDU-CIO Zen: What is work without absurdity, especially if your career is IT?
God it feels so damn good to be home!
Thanks to all who made art, those who bought art, those who participated. I hope those you who have not been will be visit us soon.
thick voltage
I never knew the Full lyrics to the rolling stones "brown sugar." they're so racist I don't know how anyone can like that song
A great soul will be strong to live as well as think
NBC Miami sources: Rob Lowe
I live in a bubble on the weekends.
There’s a smile on my face but I don’t know why it’s there… I put it on to satisfy all the people that don’t even care.
RT If you think should win the grammy for Best Album Of The Year
cool....keep pursuing it!
Tuesday? #tuesday!
#SaySomethin cause your driving me crazy<3
yeah, so much for #Aquafina. All the bottles are all wobbly and falling over in my fridge. bummer
#Geezlois! My feet are hurting from walking the Great Wall of China!
Vinyl Grooves Show is on the air now with host Gregory Hatanaka and guest/writer T.L. Young. Featuring an eclectic selection of music.
Cathleen Kaveny: each himan being (male & female) is an icon - not just a picture but an aspect of who God is
Thanks for taking time to follow~ Would like to learn more about ur books~
strep throat can go to hell. :(
It was a great few days for Watson...his love of the game, athleticism and brains, amaze me. I am sorry he didn't make it.
Really surprised the #Flyers lost to the #Devils in five games. Didn't see this coming at all.
I hope to meet you Monday night at the Helen Hayes Awards in Washington, DC! I missed getting my script into Jameson by 30 min.
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it.
“The deepest wounds aren't the ones we get from other people hurting us. They are the wounds we give ourselves when we hurt other people.”
on my radio: mariah carey- emotions. #throwback to when she was actually good
happy anniversary to the building! :)
wish I could be there! I <U+2764> and !
Who winning tha game?
Make sure to join my fanbridge list if you haven't already. I just sent my members a free song that isn't available anywhere else.
omfg im stuck i cant think of any #imagine tweet!!! -anna
"It's not a matter of whether or not someone's watching over you. It's just a question of their intentions." Ha! Look out! Voodoo
True. Some people are pretty clear about their motives though, downright demanding even.
Ready to get your new business off the ground? Hit us up 2day for a quality, professional web presence!
: No, I do not use it. Just seemed to me to be a great idea.
Sad to not see former #SportingKC player Davy Arnaud in the starting line up for the Montreal #Impact tonight
Extra innings! Campbell retires three straight batters to keep USA alive in the game. Tied 2-2 at the top of the eighth.
Last month our users crawled 1,574,019,850 web pages and spent 4.6 CPU-years crunching data
just got a new mix of a new song that we are very close to releasing. this shit is gonna be great. features S-Star of
Tough one for sure but a exciting game at the BC. Got to press on & finish the final 8 strong!
Ohmygosh . I have NO homework.... I think.
I run slow when little kids are chasing me so they think they're fast.(':
The real being, with no status, is always going in and out through the doors of your face. Lin-Chi
no freakin way:)
Yo, u ready for this fight tonight, brotha?
Damn proud of my team. Wouldn't take anyone else in the state over them.
Angles time was about 5 years ago. Plus TNA did have Tito Ortiz as a ref before and Ken Shamrock. Nothing new.
I think I've hit my saturation point
RT : Next Universitas Wednesday May 9 at 6:00PM at the Columbus Museum of Art. "How To Change the World in 90 Minutes."
We have a show tomorrow at The Talent Farm with #TheseHearts! 6:30 Hit us up for presales and save $4
LMFAO don't know his name but I know he PAID ya feel me
oh man that's so ringing. Great.
None of the team wanted to drink with me tonight. I'm a little hurt.
What the hell am I gonna do with my life?
buncha sore hoosiers. Uk fans never treat iu fans that way in Rupp. Dont let the door hit ya i say lol!!
It's gonna be off the hezzy!
Don't forget to thank a solider today!!
success is the best revenge <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
gonna get on that g-code status cuhh.
Preparing to cut my husbands hair.
follow us if this has happened to u: 1..2..3 Smile!!...."did you take it"...."crap its on video"....lol dammit!
i know ! :S havent been on in a while haha! :)
It's hard to get out of bed when you know that all you'll be doing is studying all day
Last night was crazy. Old Hollywood peeps. Beautiful hotel Bel Air.
Going in with my nigga!
I need suggestions of fun places to work... I'm expanding my search!
Warm leads - cold calling is dead... you will be much more successful to warm call the customers who received your first free gift.
Chris Brown - Sing Like Me ^_^
: over sixty libraries have left Koha/PTFS for someone else this year. (Yes, many of those to )...
Fina watch scareface cuz im bored..:) i never really saw this movie.
Get him once again ;)
We must not cease from exploration; the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we began and to know the place for the first time.
I like you. But it's possible that you need to go for the sympathy vote. Beg. Christians will give. Voting is free.
apple cider kcups = solid purchase
and the worst is you have to leave it on until you beat the game in most cases.
Awww... Takes one to know one! (and you may have meant to brag... Just a little). :-) Thanks again for the yummy food!
Enjoy it! As a Midwestern transplant in LA, I miss thunderstorms so badly! It never storms here.
...and then her soul floated up to heaven and it snowed cocaine for 2 days
Voter Registration at Brooklyn College today. Go register to vote Brooklyn College students.
I appreciate your courage! Folks should not use God's work to practice hate and discrimination! Christ died for all!
wait there's a lot of em <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>send me a screenshot!
could it be reasonable for those chronic conditions in conjunction with yearly qualifying visits? would that help streamline care?
Wow my timeline is actually good for once WOW THANK YOU GUYS
How do you have your octave mando / bouzouki tuned, if you don't mind me asking?
Oh , your #followers are about to triple now that the backstage article came out! haha
Just posted a few new shows. Check them out!
Is anyone else heading to Detroit for the ?
I am proud to be a librarian!
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
[1 - 0] Houston Dynamo beat DC United
Help us get to 100 followers! We're trying to preserve the cultural uniqueness of
I got kissed by a girl today...
omgossshhhh so excited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2755>
finna record on dis beat wit me my bro n my otha niggas i might put out my mixtape next month
Just realized someone sent me a meeting request on my IPHONE..no wonder I was in the right place at the wrong time yesterday
THANKS! for the RT about :)
Wrapping up 2011 last week of CD & DVD manufacturing & closing the week between Christmas & New Year's. Thanks all!
Fax in reservation to: 646-304-5858 or email us:
is totally
he's a punk coach always was and his offence is terrible
i hate lax... one of my least favorite airports. why are the domestic and international gates so far apart. i wanna know.
this weekend is Hard Swimming & Monday is a great way to start the week with an amazing class!! ;) W/Erin!! Fitness Forever kids xo
Until I Fall Away by Gin Blossoms came across my Pandora station. Still holds up. Great song.
Come on train. Let's do this
Reflecting on 2011, pondering my artistic goals for 2012, which leads to pacing the floor like a clock pendulum. Do all artists do this?
Howling wolf trying to climb out my speakers I drive like a banshee The nightgives it up to thesun The newday hasbegun 1000mph I run to you
Pinson and Wiener's text on Objective-C begins: "This book has three primary goals." 'primary' implies one.
Thanks for your interest! If you have any questions about #acupuncture and #ShivaNata, ask me anytime. :)
yo, nice purple velvet blazer you had on today! Shit was gangstA.
Did Dick Cheney get a heart transplant the same way George W and Dan Q got National Guard appointments?
my dream: to suddenly become rich and go to Bamboozle and every day of Warped Tour. simple enough.
yes omg. I'm gonna post the text on instagram.
Dutch Prime Minister Offers Cabinet Resignation; Dutch Queen To Consider It.
1 week. 2 seasons of Pretty Little Liars.
Werth seems to be catching flyballs more upright and not leaning to his left. Glad he worked that out.
Ugh. I hate girls, too. No. Gender isn't important. I hate people.
Cool thank you!
Ask Havs about stage diving for Helmet/Jesus Lizard.
u should read Bill Gates recent comments on energy innovation and investments required for the future
Learned alot about myself - & Im disappointed
even for #GenY it's a crap term - we have the same frustrations. Let's band together and start a coup!
Big comebacks by NYY on Sat. and LAL today. Awesome weekend to be a fan of these 2 storied, excellent franchises.
Cersei should read that NYT article about raising a psychopath.
Versus Leviathan! and we WILL be doing interviews for both of them! Episode 4.7 will be out next week! Thanks guys!
Seriously feel like I'm in a dream right now.. this can't be real life
great job! Content/time ratio was fantastic! Dense, informative, and helpful
Do u have contact info I can have? I heard u on Youtube & loved it. Would like to further discuss your career!
that's what typically Fortune 500 company CEO secretaries make. Typically a master degree is required. Thats how it was at GE
i've heard that place is good! it's the Indian restaurant behind Applebees off of Metcalf at College.
2nd step? Learning. RT : First step for using social media is listening!
you have an address I can send you a Dear Submarine cd to?
.29 is the number to beat!!
Haha of course!! Could never forget you! How have you been??? :D
Desso Highlights the Danger of Particulate Matter at World Asthma Day 2012
And.... everyone will spam Austin in a few seconds. #predictable (;
Twitter, I keep forgetting about you.
Really feeling this new Common album. Been bumping it for a couple of days now. Breath of fresh air release.
Wooooohoooo! I will be there if I don't die in Santorum. RT: "Tuesday im doing standup in NYC!!"
hey how are you doing?
European banks kept a "most likely to get kicked out of the EU" over/under all this time? The payout must be huge!
Working out details for show at UConn in March or April. See all you Huskies in the spring!
gotcha got both w try phone thanx again
Also is tomorrow your last day? If so, POP.
*him RT ": Now things are better but we needa give it time and i love her and i hope we start dating againg:)"
Tip off the day: if you are in pain then try painkillers. If you are not in pain then try not painkillers.
thank you :) i call this color mermaid.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. ~ Charles Darwin #quotes #elearning,...
Did you take the Psych exam last year?
service credit union
Why the f**k does everyone drink BEER on MNRR!?!?!
My night got 1000x Better<3:D
chances of uchellos very high
I miss you best friend :(
dang sorry to everyone who got the lame links
We did 2D as well. Not interested in paying extra for distracting gimmickry. (And we loved it!)
I wonder if strippers have nightmares about accidentally going to work fully clothed.
It only takes a few seconds to check your info when we pull you over. We only take forever because we like fucking with you
@ legislative hall now :) here we go!
Indy drew 13,000+ to a Monday afternoon game today. That's unreal. Guarantee if Bucs played home day game today they wouldn't get that.
Prepare your plan of action and strictly follow it
Going out tonight on zero hours of sleep. I am officially insane.
thinking about you all time, wait a message from you and note that it's not reciprocal ):
lmao u got 5 slow ass seconds to get up out of dat dark whole
Just got to our cabin from chena hot springs
Vegas. Yet again just a fly through.
say hit me up
*Growls* back with the deep throaty sounds of a well tuned V8!
Wait: And why doesn't he have Bugs Bunny?
wish I could “: On the move to with for happy hour. #openInvite”
give us D. Whitfield and his/her ensemble!!!!
Chris Wilcox is still in the #NBA? News to me...
Oh I've done that too! #edumooc2 (Blame it on the Auditory Learning type? Not sure if Learning style/type still accepted)
According to Kinsey, 75% of men ejaculate within 3 minutes of penetration.
Awe :( I hope you feel better soon
appreciate u
yeah...chords would be helpful.
by far the funniest thing ive heard all day
Wishing you and yours a Joyous Kwanzaa!
hi girl
Thanks! I was introducing the museum to - who gives us all a fun return trip to our pop culture past.
lol !!!! I shaved one of my babies heads colored her hair red and Made her eyes red, she was satin Barbie :)
you spelled my twitter name wrong -_____-
I stopped reading homeless people's cardboard signs I just hand them money and send them with the prayer
Is it from Posh Bagel? yummy.
<3“ Wow im really feeling the love #SKCNation”
Thanks. I will pass this along (as tentatively scheduled) to interested faculty.
Loved the Billy Crystal intro piece!
Why did I just get a Lot I parking pass via email, when I already have a Lot C pass as a season ticket holder?
So young, barely legal.
Pu-er tea can be sold in loose leaf or compressed form. We hand-roll our Pu-er tea into balls that can be easily brewed about 20-30 times!
So jealous...": Just played the marvel mmo for a while. Nerdtastic!"
Ah. I thought it might be. :D
No. Sleep. For Lindsay.
RocBeer Social @ Half Pint to start tonight. Abilene's Pro Jam we sponser to close it. Yeah, that's how we roll.
hi mate .. say do u use skype ?
I will when I'm not lazy lol
Me to for that matter
|<U+2605>ATTENTION<U+2605>| For all Photo Shoots contact <U+25BA> everyone follow now <U+25BA> For Music Videos contact
HOLY FUCK!! I just saw the app! Fuck! About losing the battle, but winning the war. So relevant! Are you in the same position?
Happy Birthday! You're one of the reasons Houston's worth it.
Looking forward to #TheVoice Live shows tonight
Robertson strikes out side in non-save situation in the 9th. Great start to bullpen by committee
can't wait to get mine
Look at that we were right something did happen today details coming soon.
told me to tweet at you about this weekends game what time is it? and do you need me?
I'm getting quite the ab workout with all this sneezing.
March 23rd birthdays rule! RT : Thank you so much for the birthday wishes! You all made my day special and feel loved!
Electrolux Earnings Down in 2011, Hopeful for 2012
Experimenting with Greek yogurt today. Have some crazy stuff to mix it with!
A guy just got hit in the head with a golf ball at the TPC. Luckily fans rarely get hit in the head with bowling balls at PBA events.
indeed I am wearing them at this moment!
It's never crowded along the extra mile. ~ Dr. Wayne Dyer
perfect RT I hate when people complain about the location of their laundry room. YOU HAVE A LAUNDRY ROOM. SHUT UP.
I am SO thankful for my fun farewell happy hour at La Sandia last night! Awesome turnout and 4+ hours of socializing! :)
Good for you ! I'd like to see and others to follow suit. We all should fight this!
Beer companies make commercials about Me.
lol yeah I move jobs quickly but not that fast. I just got off not too long ago.
REST in Jesus finished work or RUST in your self effort!
u evil smh thats means i got wear my thick ass glasses smh
Hi , we're trying to get in Students for Free to the during School Pride day, can you help us spread the word!
good year for Sconnie sports !
Today's the day! Our switch to a new CMS will be done, and our new student profiles will be live on the site tomorrow!
Heading over to for today's Nine for $9. A loaded grilled cheese sandwich plus a full bar? Now this is what we're talkin' about!
It was fantastic! I feel all warm and happy inside. :)
is holding a live "Sound Bath" recording tomorrow from 6 to 8 pm - gongs, crystal bowls, piano, percussion & mantras
#GoTribe Mahalo to everyone at the Int'l Cultural Night at W&M! What fun & it was our pleasure to represent Polynesi...
I'm great thank you for asking!!! So stoked to see y'all again! Hopefully soon!
Osama Bin Laden is Dead, Any thoughts on this?
Looks like my teachers not showin up for class please let him not come!
A as well!
The NRA Legislative Affairs Director is speaking now. Sounds like a firearm salesman.
How did the Stros win that game??!!...great comeback win.
My relatives live here. I'm visiting my mom for Mother's Day. Not to mention, I love Boston.
Come on FSU beat the Duke bastards
RT : Have to tip my hat to the person who designed this walk-on music.
oh. Yeahh I did
Wendy's is better than McDonalds
lol it's cool, yo secret safe with me
So much has changed on the Internet, but still the best part is live animal cams and talking Tweedy v Farrar. Stick with the classics.
hello! Direct correlation!!!
prob. too much violence.
Hansen's pass is complete but the Buffs lose five yars
A simple how are you... can change someones day. :)
just cause yu think yu pretty dnt mean act like a bitch
text me later fool
Planning out a cake for Mem. Day since it coincides with the boy's sister's birthday; thinking lemon-angel with red wine glaze
damn, i forgot to do my homework
Another fun day for MAVC's youth rec league. A big thanks to our coaches and the Cosby & JRHS student helpers!
“: Thoughts on finale so far? #FashionStar” my favorite fashion show positive & u can buy the styles..if u find the right size!
sadly feel the same way about meeting an attractive guy near 40 who isn't also dating 20 year old girls.
I don't know what I would do without the encouraging words of and the proclamation that we both suck.
Tragedy is a nice reminder that punk is not dead
So busy
Psst, do it by next week & you'll get a sweet window cling & maybe win football tix!
I love #SaySomethin so much that it's my ringtone on my phone!!!!! #MahomieThing :)
Blondes everywhere rejoice! #Starbucks is soon releasing a special blend just for you!
--> I just finished watching this. He is a great champion - and Nadal is very gracious in defeat.
you were my 1000th follow! also my saab rules all...
How that feel when your main squeeze is somebody else's baby momma? I don't know...shit will always hurt tho...I CAN'T imagine tho...
Oooweee my lil munchkin is not taking the church & gym nursery's very well. It's only his 2nd time w/ out me so I guess it's all a process<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Great ! Looking forward to meet you !
....staring out the window, wondering exactly the same thing.
Good Morning! Blessed to be among the land of the living. He didn't have to let me live.
Team Work is good! Don't forget about ohio phenoms n queen city n OBC!
I like somebody but I feel wrong for liking them
me and my friends are going to N/O next week
Waiting in long line to see Olympians at Aries Apparel. Shawn J and Misty May!
Beat Duke day.
Listen 2 The Signal tonight @ 7 & tomorrow @ 1 on WYPR 4 the powerful story by filmmaker Richard Chisolm from last week's show @ JHMI.
Totally smoked back from Laschet's Inn Chicago. German beers solid pretzel sleep it off
At this year's GECC open forum, language was mentioned as a req. to dump (or allow GIS or similar instead)
next stop Brazil!!
RT : Strippers take quarters instead of dollars. Where are they going to put the quarters? Eww! -YOU are BAD!
Fitch just downgraded his credibility to junk.
maaannnn i got 69(SIXTY NINE) TWEETS
thank you Doll. Exactly (literally) what I've been saying.
No, the Vandy coach is only upset he got caught. If he didn't like it, then he would have stopped it already.
bro this Saturday I work 10-5 and then I picked up a shift from 5-close so we are going to split a pizza. Bet?
oh that dirty girl
you see the DH is back in there tonight?
thats so cute! (:
<U+200E>"They only call it Class War when we fight back."
#SALONSATURDAY is amazing! Come in to get a manicure or pedicure...all the rest of the salon (hair & spa) are booked.
On one hand, I think the iTV is stupid, since I have an AppleTV. On the other, not going to buy a new TV until they are released.
was that an incorrect statement?
Orgs, funders, board members, etc all push for the status quo. Someone needs to step up to advocate for change within institutions.
I now have a Drawception addiction.
Enjoying #miniCONAN with the Big Aristotle.
Sitting on the toilet xDD!
Hi JFM Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Season 7 airs tonight!
#YouCuteAndAllBut Yo feet Look Like FACE !!!
#AskBilas Could you throw it down like Anthony Davis?
Happy birthday to my best friend, sister, caregiver, and beautiful mother!
i wish! but driving all the way there with would be a nightmare
whatever I knew you'd stand me up. Have fun In Texas lol
lmfao I know :o
We both seem to know
Power just went out here. Someone forgot to pay the bill!
The float that won the animation award, has some crazy movements going on. Pretty amazing!
Marina talks about training herself for endurance and focus.
Anyone in #ROC have a VAG-com obd reader I could use for 10 minutes? would pay $10 or $15. Audi allroad has suspension warning light
"I love thee to the depth and breath and heights my soul can reach"
When's the #Buccinohitterchallenge coming to Twitter?
The walls around your heart may protect you from situations and people, but they close you off from your inner guidance.
laughing at the teacher's jokes so they keep telling them and waste more class time
shout to p.s i heard ur going to the slide night muhahahahahah
we would LOVE a class on digital marketing!
I'm so happy you like our stuff. You're so sweet! :)
#gottadmit I don't get it.
sure, if someone asks me!
Sinuses are wearing me down, so there's a good chance I don't make it through this doubleheader. Downside to the spring.
Sleep is essential for repairing negative effects on body tissue as well as maintaining sharp thinking, focus, and memory.
Enjoyed your highly-nuanced analysis of Canadian football & health care this morning. Please repeat it for the Cablination.
Listening to on social business design here
Happy Oscar Day!! :) Nobody tell me what happens, I can't watch til Tuesday ;)
You would be 21 it's ok
Mentioning The Hunger Games results in Twitter "job offers" and links to "one night stand" sites. I guess reading=unemployed sexless loser
Ugh! Conan gets on my nerves >:o
Heard there's a tornado warning tonight in south FL :/
spring 2010. die verse city is coming out with some apparel for your closet. make some room.
took advantage of your great 24/HR sale,awesome sites and great tees! Nice custom storenvy shop, might switch from bigcartel
good. i promise too.
Just flipped my hair.
this is bullshit..my facebook page was disabled and i have fucken idea..its stupid..i'll let you guys know when i have it up again.
Benefit of closing the store last night yet getting DT on time: early out for #HappyHour!!
What was it like working with John Travolta?
Was Taken that good of a movie to get a #FamilyGuy spoof? It was ok, but spoof worthy?
North Carolina vs. Creighton delay tip time due to CU bus driver medical emergency, pulled bus over had to get help...
O'Reilly's next Talking Point. RT : Has Fox News pointed out how LeBron-to-Miami hurts Obama yet?
When waking up is the hardest part
I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
KC mo in a couple hours ah yea
Lane is erased on Justin Sanchez's fielder's choice. One out. Sanchez at first.
With talking crazy shit as always.x3
": I'm off now I just got on the parkway ... You okay your caps lock is off
We can't ever be specific about the future and therefore we must continue to be flexible and adjustable.
That "FAIL" moment when you're trying to pull up the covers & you punch yourself in the face. #lol yep, just happened..
#TBRays take the lead in Toronto
The Honors Newsletter team is looking for contributing writers! E-mail for more info!
Sometimes it would just be nice to know that there was actually someone out there that I could talk to. Someone that actually cared...
Great session on incorporating social learning into sales training.
Les, I am a persistant entrepreneur and I have a GREAT idea! I need help with funding or a partnership, what do I do?
Any one else suffering with a painful knot in their chest?
Stats to live by! RT We have picked up 9 minutes of daylight since Friday and a hour and 13 min since December 21st.
I fucking love my friends.
More tracking, editing, and writing
Why Is it hard to say Thank you - when someone actually gives you a compliment - people start to explain why they don't deserve it !
Heading back from Durham and the beautiful, very moving funeral for Elizabeth Edwards-proud to have called her my friend.
"Raygunomics" you wanna go there? How about Obumanomics.
being an apple otaku
"The bell doesn`t dismiss you." "Then it dosen`t tell me when to arrive either."
that's the best kind... fun to watch but barely enough to qualify.
lol. I had home freshman year, he put a head microphone on so the whole class could hear him. Great stuff.
Great performance by MUSE at the Grammy's tonight. They have my mad respect.
2 Fat Bettys, but still about 800 Drapers, Peggys, Joans, Rogers and Petes. Plenty of room for all in the Twitterverse.
Especially if we get to go outside and play :)
Hey #Bestie Happy Easter:-)
I want a gay best friend.
ughh thursday :o
We've gone so far, why turn back now?
My Crank Session Coming In 20 Mins.
Hey guys! Who's getting their Italian on at #Subway for lunch? I am! Also, we've got #trivia this afternoon. Hollaaa! Watch for it.
Seeking an Enterprise Solutions Account Manager to represent the full portfolio of ThomasNet Advanced Web Solutions. Industrial market...
Excited for
i hate you bitch
#GoodThingsInTheWorld girls who give head.
Happy Birthday USA!
congrats on your NYC trip. Do what ya gotta, but I think you would look damn good w/your home state boys in the black/gold. MIZ
Feels good to have my face on flyers in magazines my name on tickets & be on tv I've made a name myself
that's a tongue twister. New is good, we should do something new. 2012. Ok.
No, I heard it wasn't really worth it.
Absolutely summertime! Love to have 2 our Surf Clinics. Last week took double amputee for his 1st surf.
When you decide to argue with a fool all of a sudden there are two fools in the room instead of one.
So all I really want is for to tweet me, it would make my whole night<21
Scream is a slasher from top to bottom. Cabin starts that way, ends very differently.
Finally spotified. Don't know how I lived without this. Anything crazy happen if/when you link your account to fb?
I'm goo lol I'm happy :) the lakers won!
wait a minute who you talkin to like that you little power ranger
we need to make our own Soccer Girl themed video w/ the team hahah
well i fuckin hate u too!!
#librotraficante caravan has crossed into Alburquerque.
RT : Did you know that you can brew your own beer at Hough's in Greenfield? Copper Kettle Brewing Co. is now open!...
You can tell from the way they're holding their tails!
hey I'm good. I apologize for the late response. How u?
Need to find something to watch!
Thank you for the write-up. We appreciate it.
Great night! i've been up more than 24 hours and i can't seem to fall asleep...
yes I would be here
Hey!wats up!
Break Legs! RT : So excited for a big network pilot workshop today !
Sounds like Thailand is the place to go for a cheap vacation and/or place to move while trading for a living! at $17 per night its doable
Had a great time talking to studio class today about our experience making podcasts and what we've learned from it. Thanks!
“: #GreinkeSaga updates are some of my favorites. i LOVE talking about talking! #brewers”
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Peanut butter <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
just speaking out Loud I see you heard me<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F>
Im kinda flattered that haters are spending their time making TT's for us. It makes me feel special :D
YOU are beautiful. Never forget that.
#googledcparty awesome party but be careful not to fill up on the tacos
Good morning everyone! But in my case goodnight!
havent found it yet, but found some cool huts and fountains
Don't tell I've been talking smack about Alf. He kinda loves Alf.
God is GREAT!
Not today sorry guys. Meet and greets coming soon. I think I can hear you screaming already
Cowboys may be 8-6. Yet these Texans lose to a 1 win team. I guess makin playoffs first time in 11 years is progress.
Random shit on a random day in a randomm world. Would someone just watch me screw myself silly on cam, just for a minute?
Working on my track called Vonch!!! I'm at the middle of my verse now, but I'ma pause it from there
that is okayy! :)) And awesome!! Cant wait!
why don't you discuss all the Palestinians murdered by Hamas BUTCHERS? Israel always wants peace.
Lord Justice Jackson set to have operation The judiciary has released a statement that Jackson, who has been appointed to lead a review i
Cant wait to meet at the show May 5th!
Thanks for the recommendation Fig & Blue pizza at was delicious! Hubby enjoyed short ribs, too. We'll be back.
THEY GOT ME PINNED DOWN!
#HackedByMamaMahone should stay trending till Austin goes on his next break so he can see it(:
"Stand out, or don't bother."
Wait this is the wrong picture! -_____-
You just got knocked the fuck out!
my favorite place the Palace of the Fine Arts.
Floyd got Justin Beiber out there holding his championships belts
Tonight bring a food item to donate to the needy & will play you delicious tunes.
Sometimes life is just a big game of "Yay/Boo" in my head.
Tank should get me through the day
absolutely gorgeous.
Ok. I'm a bit slow to using this but finally figured out that Command+[ or ] moves fwrd/back in Finder screen Yea. #dzntip for #macosx!
haha ok sounds good!! Whatever works for you girl :)
Hopefully make it! They have to b next!
I would buy it. :3
My boyfriend is mad about my love for Johnny Depp.
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
morning sugar, hope you're doing well.
#Vikings pull highway robbery on #Browns just for one spot. Wow. Cleveland really is getting paranoid about Trent Richardson.
great. first question: what if you start with no library of materials on training peer tutors?
you should use Madison for your next story:)
One thing I enjoy about the later draft rounds is hearing names of players I haven't heard of since Michigan was recruiting them 4 yrs ago
Home alone. Blasting Making a smoothie. My life rules.
no problem
Thanks for the retweet. Hope to see you there....
Man these bitches
It was the Sony phalanx taking revenge for our potshots at it yesterday
oh. I get it now.
Hosptial courtyard, wonderful surprise up in the trees... Can you spot it?
no is the standard response.
finally baking me some cookies #Yummy !
Block speaking on behalf of Speaker Perez on safe learning environments.
Time is always working against me whether I know it or not
I am not above drinking caffeine past 7.
some damn fun...all work and no play
All bottles of wine are just $20 tonight! Wine down with us on this beautiful Thursday evening.
Omegle, because I have no real friends.
Such a long-ish day too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
my favs r I love u death, ghostride the whip and whatcha gonna do with it. :D U?
dude your awesome
#AGirlDeserves to feel happy at least once every day . Thts wht does for me . And im NOT letting you go .
low five.
All finished with the Fifty Shades of Grey trilogy. What now?!....
Don't work for someone else. Start your own home-based business! I'll help you: http;//www.garys.myflpbiz.com
is anyone tired of MTV never playing music?
I know I could have worse problems.
“: Is tunein radio having issues?” Apparently offline.
Re: hackey sack beat boxing, it's still on. We'll bring the hacky sacks, you bring the beats. Let's talk this out next week
John, we nd ur support. This campaign empowers parenting teens 2 continue their education & make safer decisions. Pls share.
umm i a boy. this just go awkward
that's awesome!
I just dumped a hooker's body in a dumpster before 9 am, so for those keeping track I officially have turned into my mother
At This Rehearsal Wit & is up
I feel you pimp
Ok, these peeps r off their rocker..a 6 yrold is suspended fr school 4 singin LMAFO I'm Sexy & I Know It...they said it's sexual harassment?
tv sucks...pulling out the Kindle <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
did you see our starting lineup today?
Where is your poll on your FB page? We don't see it.
I am trembling in my knock off Nike trainers ;)
I mean red bull is obviously my go to, but monster is low key nice!
“How you manage to do that every single day without fail? It looks absolutely exhausting, darling."
I just wanna smoke my stress away
Great job. Ensure you start slowly but be consistent. Play it by ear. Small daily consistent effort is crucial. Enjoy!
come on with it! Did you see that movie with Cameron Diaz and Kate Winslet
man am fucken bored
Karon Butler look like he model Bluetooth headsets in his spare time.
the "clues" in the background
same here
We've seen Joe Torre from about seventeen angles, but we can't get a shot of the strike zone when Obama throws the first pitch?!? Nonsense!
I'm a visual #Artist ...I love t/hubby paints with light & he loves my #art & I want 2share the fight we fight together w/u.
I'm dissapointed u should of had that fight
Hey, I'll take it. I hate Kobe and his soft team. Except for Artest. I like him.
Attention, Hoosiers. Careful with those spray tans. The line between sexy and oompa-loompa is thin and easy to cross.
Only where would we go? Lol. Cali? idt that would be safe. idt NYC would be safe either.
Finally on my way home. Straight chillin til I get motivated to do my 2nd workout.
Great meeting with Audra of today! We look forward to working with you, to bring programs and services to those in need.
Why is Spencer Hawes shooting 3's?
thanks again for a great night of food and karaoke
did you make it through???
Watching Billy and Mandy. :)
:D Glad you liked it! Nighty! :) <3
Wondering if the JW Marriott at LA Live got any airtime in tonight's broadcast. Official hotel partner of the #Grammys: Hilton.
The angels sang a whiskey lullaby
Good luck, nice job finishing Monaco on a high note!
Ideas for a bonus question?....
Can't wait to watch
been there ass beatings then again I've came back when down by over hundred
The NFL Draft will never end.
Is Kat not the most beautiful woman! Everytime I watch #LAInk I think WOW she is so pretty:)
got seat assignment moved AND 2 free drink tickets! Nice!
Oh my god!! Go new England!!!
MPT Cole gives credit to CMGR Ott for effort to push Imagine Austin project.
You can’t change something unless you know it exists.
Hey mind following back?<U+E328><U+E056>
So JB is October 4 in Rome?!
#inourgeneration I hate that this is trending. I'm a vampire... I've been every generation since 1910.
If you are looking for a delicious candy flower arrangement for valentine's day--give me a call!!
Surprised!!! Rams not taking a linemen?
Goodmorning Tweepers and Happy Monday! It's time for a new week and new opportunities...take advantage...enjoy!
"But isn't it expensive to go abroad?"
#Bearcats just upset #Syracuse - Wow!
also, checkout our new online store ;D BambaidApparel.etsy.com well be adding more stuff soon!
When u have experience a bittersweet moment, focus on the sweetness.
Haha I assumed ketchup was just a consequence rather than a cause #KidsPhilosophy :]
You still my hoe though!
got my acsessories for halloween, and i saw lida, sergio, and na'breona at halloween city. love ya'll.jk
Watching Maryland's midnight madness. 30 days before the HS season starts
tweeting in haiku/ harder than you’d think/ slow in the mornings
finally home. im dead.
*reviewed (hit a bump in the road!)
Good Morrow To You Mizz Lady Blue & No Problem Good Day To You.. And Cheer On Our Glorious
Hey zach :)! thank you for inspiring me!! Love you any advice for my music... Love you , can't wait to see you soon!! <3
that would be awesome. Great idea.
Thanks for the words Tony!
oh no! where will you be?
Hey Tweeps! How goes it today??!
A bit delayed but really, really hoping Northwestern breaks their NCAA tourney drought
good news, it's gone after today!
Follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first. ASK questions, then FEEL the answer. LEARN to TRUST your heart.
I'm followin u already, follow me
lmao!!!!! That was too real!
Wet the bed - Chris brown <3
US Dept of Trade will - also, the B&M lobby that fought to get themselves in alone/solo, also anyone looking to stop the move.
call me maybe
Something Sort Of Disrespectful This Way Comes
What's happening twitter family?? Hope your week is starting off well. If not, just remember, it's only day 2.
From fighting for the #AJA to helping homeowners, it’s all here with the Weekly Wrap Up: OFA.BO/nnmjnP
A4: Always build buffer into project quote so you can "magically" fix whatever has gone wrong.
THIS DAY OH MY GOSH
Hitting quite a road block after that first page of writing... Someone inspire me.
if you can find me!
HUGE #NFL SUNDAY @ BPOSport.com w/ #JT hitting his LARGEST NFL PLAY to date, #MrW hitting his LARGEST NFL Release to date, & #HKC SNF WIN
Always in a rush <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Sunroof + stereo up + 1/2 price = Perfect #SpringAfternoon Drive!
RT RT @ liveforsuccess "Ideas w/out execution are wasted. Knowing what to do & not doing it is the same as not knowing what to
Lakers or Nuggets?
where's senior elite <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
Though inexperience showed, Randi Miller wins MMA debut with 3:27 3R TKO over Molly Estes in close fight.
RIP JoePa? What's going on at #psu?
Knewton indicates the intention to pioneer "adaptive engagement" - using data to personalize user interface
Yeah rocks RT : im kinda diggin the still learning it though...
hooray for you indeed! Happy Friday!
bitch please. I should give u some of my rating bonus so u can buy some listeners.
I'm about to go get me some Drae beats!!!
Farewell, Derek. Beloved member of the Factory 3/26/12 - 3/26/12. Wishing him much success and happiness in his falcon endeavors!
what's a pedal board?
Your gym bag can double as your overnight bag if it is packed right
yea to be honest, it bothers me greatly. I wanted all three of my daughters to become nuns, or lesbians.
i cant wait
Today in 1967, Thurgood Marshall confirmed as 1st African American Supreme Court Justice. Serves for 24 yrs.
That ain't renal colic. It's a flesh wound.
Fluoride at the dentist <<<
Ravi-efforts take time & $$. What are institutional commitment to support DH? How to explain roi to admin
8. #Braves 10 #Brewers 8 | Atlanta battle / Brewers trade punches with Braves / Down in Dirty South.
inlander? You live about half a mile from my last apartment...
why when i have olive ;) lol the love of my life duh delanie xD
if I ever meet , I might just faint or just give him x and o's ;) muahh luv u twist#team twist
you are a very talented individual young grasshopper. I hope to see you in the future.. Or in your dreams! ;)
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans,
I agree - Set ridiculous fitness goals! - "If at first an idea doesn't sound absurd then there's no hope for it." -- Albert Einstein
#dallas #dallas #dallas oh how i loathe you. . . However, a king sized suite does make it more tolerable! :-)
Ready to see #SuperNova shut it down
Hi there! RT : Welcome!
hah, 'constellation prize'. i see what you did there.
There's no reason to watch it, really. Just read my Cliff's notes. :)
I do agree with your statement on pride instead of self-depreciating hatred
millers raining threes. Hell be out wit 3pters elbow rest of yr..its a cousin of tennis elbow
Bruce L Edwards: Many apologetics is not a tract but a fairy tale, a cycle of poems, a symphony. It requires an improvisation.
We're looking to hire an Interactive #projectmanager, dm me if you know anyone in the Richmond or DC areas
Wearing wedges in protest of this non-summer weather. Like carrying an umbrella to prevent rain, the sandals will bring sun and warmth.
On the bus to West, sitting next to Paula Hane from Info Today! More later...
Sonuva! Aaron Rodgers better stop scoring points.
I need a Eurythmics cover of Harrison's Living in the Material World. Someone call Dave and , STAT.
Ice cold?
lol! this pic reminds me of the ones they take of people on rollercoasters & water rides at amusement parks.
I also love Jerry Lee Lewis.
No time to waste...NOW is the time to realize your dreams! Indecision & Hesitation are 4 the Fearful, Action & Reward are 4 the Successful!
still no call back from principle ((teacher threw my son's gingerbread house he made in the trash as a punishment)) your thoughts?
Why can't things be different?
About to go in this Pappas bbq
#findUW next badger to find me at clue 3 will get a free copy of their transcript. Hurry hurry!!!!
of course you did ;)
The ground of justification is the blood of Jesus Christ. He paid fr this righteousness given 2 us (Rom. 3:24; Heb. 9:22).
Def up for it Lets make some noise!!! :)
whatev you didn't pick him, that is just your usual response at the bar. :-)
for he knows how we are formed, he remembers that we are dust. Psalm 103:14
smoking crack at the Cobb watching avengers with and
Living 140 BPM's @ the moment. Drop da Bass.
Lesson learned from last night: pyrex is not good to cook with on an open flame, Because that shit explodes!!
It may feel like my world is falling apart but I know this is just bump in the road. I can get through this and I know I'm not alone :)
I think it's time Boulevard of the Allies modernized. We have our first gig of 2011 on Jan 14 at the Smiling Moose.... New sound.
Intoxicated by the moon
Grove Holiday Open House is today through Sun. Drop by for free mulled wine, samples of local gourmet foods, gift ideas, sales & much more.
Clare Coleman, CEO Nat'l Family Planning Health Care Assoc.: Title X grants are competitive, awarded through fair process.
needs a roommate. Must be clean, quiet & willing to let use your crapper. No pets. Ghosts O.K.
see I'm at my moms and where you at
Toodaloo, Dita. Let's face it, girl was not in the same league. Especially not with Ms. Latrice taking us to church! Can I get an amen?
I like those the most!!
what's up B?! Long time no talk, remember me? Lol
That was the end!
Good Morning.... Happy Thursday.
companies with individuals.
Shana Love is a true ass #BITCH real shit, nobody fucks with her cuz she's a lame ass bitch
go through the school.....:)
Hey there, girlie!
Idiots, this is why the jackpot is so high.
Not all #publishers can monitor # of simultaneous #ebook users, but can shut down if scroll too fast or copy too much.
Ayo. Ray Allen > Philly.
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 12
oh okay anyways wyd
eav in Eric
Thanks for the RT.
: #WhileInARelationship with me if you cheat you die
Wake me up when #stanleycup finals begins.
Oh wow!
RT Just reported a hazard on I- 270 S, using Waze - Drive Social
another day, another buck....
Get what?
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
There is only one happiness in life -- to love and to be loved -- George Sand
Long day moving, hangin with mom!
Nani and Valencia are decent but they have had to rely on old man Scholes to even stay with the pace. Any cash there?
Don't love me because it's convenient-love me because you mean it.
Yes, I'm going to hell. I just made a Sept 11 dick joke.
Just thought I should let ya'll know that our BIG upcoming event will be this Saturday June 18!!!
Moving blogs from typepad to wordpress. Wordpress is SO much better for your legal blog or site. Upgrade yesterday !
There's this guy at school that always likes to torture me and no one protects me or tells him to stop<U+E40F> I'm scared for life<\3
I really wanna dye my hair red again for summer
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
have you seen PRIMER?
Sometime soon! Early April probably!
cute! It will grow back quick!
Pure love and suspicion cannot dwell together: at the door where the latter enters, the former makes its exit. ~Alexandre Dumas...
My eye been twitching for damn near 2 weeks...wtf is going on :-\
Dinner tonight with my tandem :) I love Saturdays!
Looking at a hot pocket and thinking "why am I putting this in my body?"
Attending AIA Chicago's Small Projects Awards reception at Architectural Artifacts.
There is always that one person that pisses you off, no matter what they say or do.
I believe the bruins are giving the habs a taste of there own medicine!
#TheAvengers was soo damn good! Definitely a must see!
Finally getting to hear Charles Ives's Universe Symphony live, with Nashville Symphony at Carnegie Hall.
Just met chris rock awesome
wats up wit dem digits baby
Before you do something, always consider the consequences of your actions.
Everybody is a genius but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it'll live its whole life believing that it's stupid. Einstein
Liberty was the theme that the Patriots fought by in the Revolutionary War and their victory slogan became One nation under God
i really wish it was friday night
Don't forget we are open Christmas Eve and Christmas Day!
lol, your lucky i read your other msgs first :P
We're just dipping our toes into Pinterest, but I think ur right. In a simple application it's pretty visually stimulating
suck my tits as i grab your hair...
Steve Jobs' death reminds me: If I'm not making some people angry, if I am not failing, I am not doing enough to realize my potential.
LOLOLOL. Hehe, this is going to be funny.
Highschool Is AMAZING!! (:
Good Morning #Boston...hot or iced from #Starbucks to wake me up?!
Can't believe the #NCSC is this weekend! Good luck to all the competitors and come visit
THIS!!!!!!!!!!!! RT : I hate overused clichés, but this is why the Premier League is the greatest league in the world.
": Lmfao and and this stalker" HAHA THAT WAS CRAZY!!!
Pleased to know I'm missing the snow in cbus today. Hoping for friends & colleagues that at least accumulation doesn't require shoveling.
yes, it is. and an individual or a family can't really "protect" themselves. we need some regulation of corporate madness.
Gala Screening A Dangerous Method #NYFF exceeded expectations-bold, smart, moving.
This time of year in Portland is sad as many of the food carts start to go into hybernation :(
GOPACKGO We have had alot worse things happen STILL A PROUD OWNER
Waiting in anticipation for this Hoodie and Wax concert today...ready ??
no problem:)
go cry me a river. And FYI, it'll bring everyone's level of living down, but it'll be relative to how it is now.
I've got some issues that nobody can see and all of these emotions are pouring out of me...
Don't know how Harden doesn't have a concussion after that hit from World Peace.
City Market revitalization is incredible. New vendors, new look, new energy. Love what you've done with the place!
WOW. That was a great way to end the season
Exercise and eating right!
#theartist - very clever movie
Odium Theologicum => theological hatred, as in disputes over theology
You're always amazing to everyone :)
What a great night celebrating birthday and sneaker launch! It was an epic night, but we have to do it again soon with
ronnie just watching htv for the first time in a while...bro...tell jd to get a makeover...he looks awful!!! Ur his buddy
the second photo on your tweet deck, that one. Thought that's what distracted you Ann ;).
President of Macalester College speaking at morning panel on funding decisions to higher ed
#ThatsATurnOff Men who drive cars with vanity plates.
Will do!
Already am. Netflixed thu Season 1 in, oh, a week.
Should You Buy a Smoothie Blender? High-speed smoothie blenders have become increasingly popular lately, as people look for more ways to
In 1978 James Coburn set a #GuinnessWorldRecord for being paid $250,000 per syllable to speak 2 words for a Schlitz Light beer commercial.
#ireallywish I was enough
Nightmare For MF Global Customers: They Really Might Not Get Their Money Back via
cant wait for thursday tacos!
That suggests that it's a show with minimal staying power as much more than a cultural artifact, even then not so sure.
Bmore what'd up!
RT this if you're ready for the weekend!
Hoping fantasy footballers don't over-value WR Justin Blackmon. He's over-rated and doesn't enter a great situation w/ the
Egg rolls are pretty sexy....
I agree. Already the sports show are on it. It was game one. Today is a new day. Win tonight.
Testing out an obstacle course! gotta make some money somehow :)
What is your favorite family spring-time activity?
That's what I heard today! So depressed... it seems like we are bringing the rainy weather back with us :(
hahaha!!!! Oh no!! Lol. Sean got a kitty. He's so cute he only weighs 2 pounds.
lmao hell yeah! And when he did Trust Issues too!
"if you dont say it in the streets dont say it in ya tweets, if you dont say it when we meet don't say it on a beat"
Really can't wait to move into San Antonio with
Thank you, Hilary of Lady A, for thanking RADIO in your "Song of The Year" Grammy. Means a lot to us in the industry.
Just got invited to a meeting to discuss putting street cars on Colfax Ave. in Denver. Interesting! Meeting is tomorrow, fyi.
The new Dr. John record is really, really good.
follow back?
Happy birthday
Just saw Melancholia--amazing new film by Danish director Lars Von I-have-to-kill-myself-now.
Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -St. Francis of Assisi
. I requested #dhdebates for Oxy library. In the hour between its cataloging and my trip to new book shelf, it was nabbed!
iknowww right !? Lmfao. Idgaf about NOBODY relationship except my damn own. &it aint w him ha
Never not winning.
<U+263B>Get up off your ass, forget the past...Future is what you've got, run with it...
Rain, rain, go away!
watch out for quick hitting heavy squall about 5:30 or so!
Soo... I guess finna fight this fly though ... SMH !
Look out for some new products throughout December as well: Moses Baskets, Clothing and much more!!!! <3
How beautiful it is to do nothing, and then to rest afterward. ~Spanish Proverb
me and you both baby girl ;)
: I agree >_< if I remember correctly, you were super sweet
Shop with a mobile app. Making e-commerce simple
From Texas?? I'm 17 just turned it, soo bored right now, text it up. I need new texting buddies, 2104097651 ((:
I love how no one answers my texts:)
I just had the tastiest food in #ParkSlope #Brooklyn. It's got a great daytime crowd here and the nicest staff.
Good luck fit lady x
1 day baby. we like members of aa taking it 1 dream @ a time until we have our nite in paris w/ the 1. the 1 is all we need! :)
I'm from Willoughby, OH!
you are killing it on this morning.
And I'll go with you! Stop by Atlanta to get me!
If you're going through hell keep going. What idiot would wanna stay there?
i just noticed ur egg has a "C"! awesome, is their a "like" button for twitter??
About to watch absolutely kill it
Hey! What's the deal with being able to sell tix directly thru facebook? Possible? Not possible? Thanks!
headed to walmart,,,i love mountain dew btw lol.
nastalgia hits... ah yes. mercury in retro? hope everyone is having a loving new year.
i love haters cause it gives me something to talk about haha
Oxy Mo: First Annual...
does this mean you'll be at mr. smith's tonight?
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU Fried Chicken Wednesday was MANDATORY!
My FB wall isn't working again. Wonder if they are doing updates
damn tom brady
<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB> cheers to that.
Mmhmm.. RT Questions surrounding the ROI of social media makes me wonder if people understand what a captive audience is.
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. James Baldwin
HEADED TO FIRST DAY OF REHEARSAL WITH ANITA BAKER...Catch us at Radio City Hall this Sunday if u are in NYC...
It can’t get any worse, can it? Obviously, it can.
She getta bunch of money, spend it all on drugs. (;
Huge downer .. my phone case wasn't here when I got home ..!!! :@
The politics of going vegetarian for a cause
#sincewebeinghonest Lamar Odam is making it rain!!! THREE's!!!!!
Lindstrom in for #Orioles as Arrietra finished with 97 pitches/60 strikes and four strikeouts. LIndstrom has already given up a hit in 8th.
you know it is
Oscar Levant~ Happiness isnt something you experience its something you remember.
in America we use Gray. In the united kingdom they use Grey.
Aspire to inspire before you expire.
I'm mad oomf never tests back no ______ for you !.
that looks like a bottle of River Cafe Selvapiana Olive oil, he has good taste!
Nothing, chilling like always
: you need to stay there, as my biannual Boston drinking partner :)
Come on in and get a slice of our home made apple pie! Tastes great with a cup of coffee! And we're handing out free coffee coupons!
Such a great day with Bean, & :D love you guys!<3
Just tried to send you a DM. But not working. Did you follow?
Most universities in England are going to have fewer places to offer students this year, as the funding changes ..
Great! I think...I know I need a new hard drive.
You need to follow
Nobody gave to breathe so the whole internet bullied her by giving her a taste of her own medicine. HOORAH TWIITER!
everything sounds amazing!!
Turned Out To Be A Wonderful Day!!(:
Oh snap. “: Time flies when your sitting in a conference room playing tetris the whole time”
the difference is that she doesn't have a to make delicious chicken tortilla soup!
Many thanks to my website reviewers -- you rock!
I love story time with my father...I look up to him so much
where'd you go ?
Thank god 4 another day!!!
"Parents"- à comedy/ Horror film, rated R. Set in the 50's. Involves cannibalism and house wives? Okay.
I cried myself to being tired, and i have 6 more hrs to be awake :P
Our Parent New Resources Consulting is seeking a .NET Dev for a short-term contract to start within the next week. DM for details.
These favourites will make me laugh on a shit day.
I love god and my mom
Cautiously optimistic
RT If Sarah Palin lived in the UK she would get free contraception and mental health care
Where's the $100 billion - heck, where's the $65 billion?
2nd of all I am JESSIE FRAUSTO JR... who just happens to be on TWITTER.
lol never that
IT'S BEEN THREE HOURS AND MY MOUTH IS STILL NUMB. WHAT IN HELL DID THAT DENTIST GIVE ME.
Chipotle sounds fucking amazing right now. So that's where I'm going (:
cool, I'll be watching 2nite!
Since your pets don't read-we provide tweets that are Pet Tips Online
Not feeling any better.
Awww! What kind of pet?!
President to address Nation tonight.
nothing just asking..
he's hungry too
wearing in like a cape, with his jorts, dale #3 shirt with his boots. Ahhaaa
Mike Hall's gig as studio host for the Big Ten Network probably isn't his Dream Job.
well, Ur my inspiration! Your talents and how ur into sports just wows me! I look up to u prob cuz ur taller lol -ur biggest fan <3
"Our needs drive our behaviors" Listening to a masterful teacher at Glasser quality school speak @ meeting student needs
Does ShareThis give you a way to add via instead of via them on tweets? My other pet peeve with those tools :)
The #MegaMillions is only $390 million after taxes. That's just not enough for me.
i hate perverted guys -.- smh.
I need more followers too. Go
mine gone so you short lol..
This is a low scoring game.. Man
Good god that was depressing!!!! #seeprevioustweet Maybe Calabria radio is in order. Going to run off the ick.
you ready niqqa!
This weather is SICK! Final rally--come celebrate in community with us.
Making work outs a daily thing and feeling good. Anyone recommend any muscle mass building protein? Trying to gain some weight
Northway usually. Big, Bright, Shiny. Any of them are fine.
hey jewels watching Hansbrough and Indiana Right now babe :-) Xoxo
Clint Session signed with Jacksonville.... wow....
BFF <3 I Love You
she needs meds
massive xmas blowout! 100% off everything at Marathonofdope.
give me any instrumental, I got the lyrical metaphors.
i think it must be some unspoken rule that elementary school clocks are neither the correct time or set to the same time.
I love Shelock Holmes just as much as the last bloke. However, that doesn't mean I want London weather.
"I read about the afterlife but i never really lived more than an hour"
do you have a celebrity crush? tell us
OMG! when i went on the official channel for the ICONic Boyz on youtube they had a pic with vinny cropped out, Almost cried...
dont try & flex on me wen u kno damn right id take ya fuckin head off if i seen ya bitch ass in person lol
Lots of sad tweets tonight. It's like the great depression. Hope you all feel better soon.
Its unfortunate that he would chose to tell u that. You are a great guy. Be proud of who u are regardless of others. :)
woah. I didn't think about it from that perspective. True dat
damn why philly gettin ran like dis
Um, did I mention its amazing out today?
I wish my headphones could turn up louder
Questions on IJdijken Project? email
Can you put you menu on your Web site?
That's good news! GoGo Sushi is probably the best sushi place in the OKC Metro area!
yep its sad but ive never even been outta Cali loll
No camera on it.
looking forward to signing my girls love their programs for children and teens
- through what means does the mind find its true power?
Tweeting is akwk, at least my birthday is this weekend ,
Drink more water today. Will give you more energy. Drink with a silly straw and be able to get rid of reading glasses, better sex, potty tra
Walk off boomba in the bottom of the 9th from
Adrian Peterson and Maurice Jones-Drew are the two best running backs in the #NFL today, it is a shame that they are on underachieving teams
Turn the dial on your washing machine to cold. Most loads don't need hot water, and 90% of the energy used goes into heating.
UGH .. not comforting for #Broncos fans RT : Brock Osweiler only the 4th Montana born QB to ever be drafted. The last one? Ryan Leaf
#weallhavedatonefriend whose always broke
Facebook and Twitter are still incommunicado. It's like an embargo.
I'm about to go to sleep.
Simple tonight. Grilled free range chicken, grilled red peppers, and couscous.
(: RT : So totally stoked for my fourth season of !!!!!!!!!!!!! We will of course dominate the league again.
Don't forget to turn in your Nominations and reservations for the recognition event! Nominations are due in less than a week!
Sushi craving fulfilled :D
Is spontanavian even a word?
A tough day today.
do u have a facebook
Wait... a cyclone?! Really?
God today is rough. Feelin like shit in soo tired.
Gail Simone retweeted me! It's a good day for a comic book nerd!
im back babe
"Girls" cracks me up.
um im pretty sure you're not
Word. That song is so bad that it's making me reassess Springsteen's entire catalogue.
interesting indeed. I hadn't seen that before. should check it out.
What is your favorite thing to do on a Saturday? We like to BBQ in Parking lots.
Good God it's morning...
loves the liquid crack they serve at starbucks
Heavenly homemade veggie pizza. There. Should be pictures... but there aren't
looks like you got to see a hell of a game....
Looking forward to game 3 of the Lakers match up!!! :) Go Lakers!!!
I aspired to be liv tyler for much of high school. also please see: portishead, glory box; sam phillips, I need love.
I LOVE RAIN
thanks, you do the same
you know the routine
The Samsung Galaxy S I is straight up IMPRESSIVE.
chats with Judy Smith, the inspiration for #Scandal on #ABC -- Tune-in Sunday on #washingtonwatch 11am ET/PT.
Im great!! How r u?? Whats this #SendCards thing all about?
u gonna be on tomorrow morning?
Hi, Molly. Thanks for the follow. Love your tweets!
love you more!
I am going to eat every kind of cold medicine in this house! We
Next Scheduled Streak is Saturday, June 25th
Thanks for hosting and post formal!!
"Is she pregnant?" "Go ask her!" "No what if she's just fat?!"
Wow 95 million for one player. How much do these NFL teams make?
Island Night!! Come in For $3 Coronas and $4.50 Margaritas all night long..Dont forget the Yankees vs Detroit at 8pm
I had already forgotten your love, but a simple "hello" reminded me of what I feel for you!
Look for SOLUTIONS to CONTRADICTIONS!!! ;-)
Let me get back to this work... twitter is doing nothing but fueling my fire right now.
working on graphics and video for the new site... this is a lot more work than I initially thought it would be!
I swear the same people annoy me on here on a daily basis telling me every single bit of their life story
I was watching Dream Catcher at very tense part when the electricity in the entire area goes out. Perfect timing.
let me know if we can set something up for you and your friends.
they can pull you over for going around them?
After 102 episodes of 30 Rock I find myself being attracted to Alec Baldwin
Good night in Appleton
We definitely will! RT : Stop by the after the marathon to meet CSA Farms!
wait what!!?
Oprah ? Id hit it.
we would like to get in touch with you for our public radio show, Here & Now. can you email me at Thanks
44 days til I move back to Chicago!!!
Everyone should go check out the amazing deals from our friends over , its so good you can't afford to NOT get a tattoo!
RT : Deacon in the air-chair and liking this new Trey Songz (song) "Unusual"
not quite cinco de mayo yet... I'm just preparing myself ;)
You should always watch when you are shaking your ketchup onto your hotdog because when you don’t, it hits your husband.
#Google. Famazing. Thanks to Les Paul & props to the 'sha.
I feel the same way.
because people are dumb, and believe everything they hear because they are desperate.
I totally feel the same-_- de pings
Am pumped!!
#first40songsonshuffle 38. Tears Don't Fall - Bullet For My Valentine :)
richie farmer's not doing anything
: Former Redskins QB John Beck agreed to a deal with the Houston Texans.
#ThingsThatAreSEXY A confident man going to a business meeting... that just had his shoes shined
Shock to the NFL: Rip JRS...
Hey mama mahone congratulations
#BestTVThemesEver Duck Tales
Speaker thinks anti-kickback laws are anti-capitalist. Huh.... O_o
You'll never shake us, Look for signs like 'I Am Puerto Rico' everywhere, to remember where you came from!!
i endorse this hashtag.
watching it right now
“: “Don’t date the most beautiful girl in the world, date the girl that makes your world the most beautiful.” - Wiz Khalifa”
How are you gonna be driving a brand new Escalade and paying at 7-11 with Food Stamps? C'mon people. Have some freaking dignity.
80% of people dont use the word of knowledge ot evangalize!! Its sad how many dont preach about the word when evangalizing
getting ready for bed
....Bernie Federko would agree with me on this lol!
Just finished group training for the office brokers at Turley....fun group with great questions! Excited to work more with the,
Still printing stems...
i grew up in fontana {:-0 haha
My mom starts fights with me about the dumbest things.
It would be cool if somehow a volcano spewed something besides lava for once....like YooHoo or maybe a shrimp salad...
We're attending the #Webcamp unconference & the #WebWise conference this wk learning abt heritage & technology!
The most important things in life aren’t things. ~ Anthony J. D’Angelo
“Maybe some women aren’t meant to be tamed. Maybe they need to run free until they find someone just as wild to run with.”
#tacos! #beer! gets me. She really gets me.
hey Logan my Bday is Sunday can you please tweet me or follow me it would mean the world to me.
somebody come get this homemade pimento cheese away from me. its so good.
I sense you in the Twitter-sphere and it takes my game to a higher place.
I don't think so, but I'll maybe go see him if he's near my country c:
Oh? Well thanks <3 ;) Lol I'm flattered. How old is he? I'm only 15 /:
How do u look suspicious walking down the street talking to ur girlfriend on the phone? How do u feel threatened by a kid? Ur half his age
thanks for the follow! I have a predilection for seafoam green myself as well
I remember everything about you, you're the one who wasn't paying attention...
at least they called me
"You, me, and all the kings and queens...buried in the junkyard." ::page france::junkyard::
"Separate the good stuff from the bad..." "I pick my friends like I pick my fruit." ~Erykah speaking to me.
I cant believe mo has a torn acl wtf
Beautiful day, 65 degrees. There's nothing better
lod-lam (linked open data / libraries archives museums) trying to demonstrate linked open data in action
DRG WTF what are you doing???? You saw the banshees! He threw away the first game and possibly the championship.
Saturday 81 degrees Sunday 83 degrees. Can't wait for Vegas!!
So the landscapers were a little too excited about getting before pictures prior to starting our backyard redo today.
Oh and we lost
Wow, that is some CRAPPY green screening.
If the Doritos Locos people ever experienced the agony of mental illness they wouldn't make light of it
M ima make this milkshake. Omg do you want one? No you dont u can watch me on skype eat/drink it tho. Real life.
I ordered food from my phone and didn't leave the sofa until door bell rang. Should've just told them where the hide a key was.
Finally! tonight. I'm dressing up as Cersei and punching myself in the face every time I see Joff on screen.
When, and more importantly, why did you decide to start using social media?
you're welcome. I almost forgot, I made that comment. photography used to be my life too. you're still young. lol
Harpers wrist tats: "Left", "Right"
Tubby and the Gophers make the NIT. Is that the slow dance?
I only listen to like 3 songs by him
On the contrary, that sounds even more ridiculous. And invokes a really interesting image..
Gonna wear my #TeamMELO shirt today! I still represent! :P
Tell me, I forget. Show me, I remember. Involve me, I understand. ~ Chinese Proverb
I can tell things are different. I'm not the same person I used to be.
I just ate a baked potatoe w/sour cream and butter.Yummy but fattening, I know!
oh, we'll maybe I'm drunk & got confused.. See I do have a bad memory
I gotta pay more attention to my friends on FB. Who are you??
can i get a #RossMorganRager shirt ?
Nothing what about you
apparently the multivitamins i bought have horny goat weed in them. This will be good.
How you like me now?
no school #HappyChristian /^.^/
you're still hot. Fro and all ;-) have fun
FRIDAY: Bealefeld retirement; plus Werdesheim verdicts, DNA & the police, w/ Prof. David Gray , noon-2 pm
Worried that DDC # building is the way new catalogers are weeded out, and I'm not going to pass. Like college music theory (i passed that).
Chris & Al, let it go. That Patriots drive was underwhelming at best.
it's really coloquial, but basically means you look nice today.
But I made my own decision, I know it might seem weird but to me its the right decision :)
Can't tell who has shittier arm, Oakland QBs or Oakland pitchers. This never would've happened if were still alive.
Can't wait to get me apt next month
Gotta get up and get ready to do this sound check..Ah!
Stop friggin' Rt-ing Oprah into my TL, can't we catch a break from her already, she annoys the shit out of me!!!
My timeline is mostly silent when in between classes lmao
Bryan. You simply can't imagine how legit it is to get a tweet like this from you. Double-cupped coffees for life.
participation <U+2260> proximity to event + your email
- Any Pittsburgh news lately?
No! Don't do it Doug! #brewers RT GM Melvin: "I thought Yuni Betancourt was better than what the critics said."
tweeting out to new followers today
Yeah, I found that out as well. I think it's a combination. Day is good, just getting off work. How's your day?
i before e except after c...
Creeps on facebook you dont know who message you.
Major meth ring busted in metro. 20 facing charges.
Looking for an #apartment in #Chicago or know someone who is? Follow us on #Twitter to see more!!!
I just wish there was a standard.
sitting on the couch doing nothing is fun
It was one of the waitresses' birthday. We decided to sing Happy Birthday.
// he is a little though...any man that wears that tight of jeans must be confident.
We should RT : Can we blame Wade for coming up short? No. I understand
: I Love you back
:") thank love! “: My sister is definitely a #SuperMom”
Everything in the universe is within you. Ask all from yourself.” <U+2015> Rumi
Going to bed...night everybody
what up yall what yall doin today im going to the mall with my friends today
No, we don't have a scanner. We barely have functioning computers.
I'm Jewish and had a 30% off coupon. I must share my joy!
Thanks for coming! “: Just got here super excited! Good luck everyone. :) ”
#DailyRebellion: Support women-made media by attending tonite's screening of the doc film #MissRepresentation! 6 p.m., Music Box Theatre
#FacebookNeedsToAdd the disclaimer to bitches profiles 'I'm borderline psycho and will kill and cook your pet'
of course dear, if your coming to the crackhouse next week, i may be there with a few items.
I say that every night!" : This came out of my mouth:"I'm so tired,I just want to watch the news and go to bed."How old am I?"
yup the whole city smoked out today!
Compounds in green tea have been shown to help reduce inflammation in your joints.
Celebrate #Chicago's 175th b-day with at the Nature Museum tomorrow! Stop by to get a 1 yr family membership for $17.50!
Im looking for entrepreneurs to help me feed dying kids. I need people who are looking to give. But you will be taken care of dont worry.
Hey CUZIN is okay if I go Next Monday to the meeting cuz Juan has The Car and no Sign from him---
feeling sorry for me ?
OMG U GUYS ARE AMAZING! LAST TIME I CHECKED ON HERE I JUST HIT 400 FOLLOWERS NOW IM OVER 500! I LOVE YOU GUYS! EACH AND EVERY ONE OF U!
In honor of Independence Day, Mundo will be closed on Sunday, July 3 and Monday, July 4
Helping out with a little food photography
PLZ FOLLOW HER!
What a great friend you were... Right!
Gotta get a mothers day gift , I'm slippin'
Hope Sir Paul doesn't sing something off his new lame album like "inchworm."
Forgot my dog was in my car and I left her inside for like 30 minutes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> my poor susie! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><U+2764>
Boy would I like to know where THIS conversation started.
the notebook<3
I don't think I've seen any others on here (on my follower list anyway).
I'm on writing lock down this weekend.I'm off the air for a bit. Inbox or message me. Time to visit with my series characters. Bye!
is she going to again?!
Long songwriting session after work today. Trying to shoot for crappy musical gold
You never know what the future will hold. Just stay positive and never give up.
I'm looking for something, ...or maybe someone.
Its an ugly day today in Oregon .______.
It's hard to believe that I couldn't see that you were always there beside me
Majorly snowed in here in Chicago, and it's still coming down...
We're winning this #football game! Us. Here- at this bar. We're winning the game. The things we do- here- are causing our victory.
learn before you go!
Woosah... -Patty Chung
#RIPPaulaCarasig well always love you <3
but only one. Other is on sidelines calling next.
Why does Sir Patrick Stewart, a man who is constantly working in film and television, charge fans $200 for his autograph? Because he can?
Just saw arrive at the #helenhayesawards 20 min to dhowtime!
nice... what are you gonna do with all that stuff? lmao! ctfu
Please don't worry ab me, I'm fine .
welcomes new Fellows today: Dr. Madge Dresser of the Univ. of the West of England and Steve Scott of George Mason Univ.
I always thought NT Wright's book argued pretty convincingly against the view espoused by Tabor
all of my favorite tweets are from
Where are you? It's strange not as bad as if it was on a bus. :)
John T*rry owes someone a beer. Actually, a keg. RT : Hold on a tick....RT Game off.
Can you charge an iPhone with an iPad charger? Or will it hurt the phone?
I don't want to get married or have kids. If that changes, cool! If not, cool! As long I live my life happily, I'm good :)
well imma go to sleep sweet dreams everyone :)
Q-Stash better light a fire under some asses! Being out hit, hustled and killed in the dot! Shoot shoot shoot..need a dirty one!
Why my son DJ just told me he wants be a dj? Lol so his name will be DJ the dj? O_o
Presenters should receive panel and moderator info in their email today.
thanks my man!!
says Attitude, ability, action- the formula for building your #personal brand.
#iwishicould fuck one of these fine bitches I'm following....
welcome to Twitter!
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri on penitentiary system "we have about 400k jails and over 10 million inmates" proposes privatizing jails
*raises hand on ur #thirstrap RT: I need a man that'll cook and wash dishes"
Just missed my que to be on stage woods.
Instead of started the next deeper mixtape since I already finished "Butterfly Effect" ima make an album only of diss tracks lol.
Oh I think I like him!!!!
whoosh, ran a 7 min mile after a full body work out, I feel Great !
our favorite was the dangler regarding Ginger White... and the subsequent joke 'fitting a lot into one interview' Ha
Planning a bday surprise for my boo (;
Obama has Goth lips
Go Giants!!!
I'm getting my next done at Outer Limits in Long Beach. Lefty's in Orange has good artist too...
Patricia William's The Rooster's Egg, story excerpt in conclusion
you're a witch?!
(GOP Debate is on CNN, that's channel 28 for all you Terps trying to watch!)
please follow me<3
Watch out #NYC RT : One week until #MCC2012. Look out , I come fully armed with
thanks for the mention! :)
If you are a blogger and use wordpress, please please please use categories and tags, they are there for a reason.
LOL I will try to not give into the temptation! RT Happy birthday ! Don't have a #scorpionbowl all to yourself.
if i get 400 followers i'll say my big ass secret
My dress came today!!! Cannot wait to try it on!! Thank You Jesus! :-)
I always dislike staying home from work. Especially when I dont feel well but not crazy ill.
It's About to be midnight and I'm hungry As hell!
Hey, I'm pretty sure I tweeted mandolin first, but you mentioned when you gave the answer. Did you mean me?
Where's my candy though
Not much, Ben - how's you?
thank you everyone for your support today. I'm happy to announce...my exam is postponed (late breaking prof unavailabilities)
“: Any status on Braun for this weekend? I am catching the game in San Fran Saturday!” - day to day (aren't we all...)
It doesn't matter who it is. Bill O'Reilly interrupts anyone. Lupe was too polite.
Hey Brian how's it going? ( :
All I want to do is vivre la vie for real.....
Exercise finished, the warrior awaits his bride in the lounge, comfortably seated in a leather couch, watching espn and longing for a beer
traffic has poured over onto Rainier ave. wow.
do u love us new York fans? Come on go crazy lol
Working on library location skills with 2nd/3rd this week and wrapping up Mem Fox unit with K. And book talking every day!
I love a women in leggings and heels!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I respect u, I have nothing against anyone. I'm sure they r nice people. But until that obligation is fulfilled,kid 1st.
Everyone can crack their fingers their neck their back and even their toes but is it possible to crack ur ass??
do women's shelters accept donations of hair/beauty products that are partly used? I have so many things I just don't need...
#globalcensorshipyale Not to call you guys out, but I'm amused that 2/3 panelists are tweeting during their panel.
Ah, I'll have to ask my dad, PHC faithful. Labor historians' one was good too as you can imagine! "If ... it would be enough."
I know the "What Makes You Da One" mashup is great, but please credit if you're going to upload it onto YouTube. He made it.
#longtimecoming out today! woo
21-year old Charles Lake charged with murder of 64-year old man in Pearl District apartment appeared in court by video. No bail.
St. Louis bound!!
TY! I saw a manager that I believe will take me when I come out, catching up with friends here and an agent meeting 2morrow.
whatup RIO!! Day 1 of 2 shows in RIO starts today. WE READY!
Scores coming in 47, 43, 42 for Austin ISD to take the lead
Coach on Survivor is unbelieveable! There has never been a guy like him on there yet.
that place???* lol
God never was a left-brain thing. Discuss.
Yeah thts true.
What can I say? I love me some chest hair.
Seriously might be the most epic beat I'll ever make. And I haven't even made it yet. Fuck, did I just jinx myself?
Thanks to the CLE City Club for offering a forum for the Prosecutor's debate.
No but I'm not giving up hope...
eating some firehouse subs. m m
What do you grok?
I was at work..now i'm not..lol. Good day...light rain outside!
Since season 4 of is over, we can start campaigning for to be a judge on season 5, right?
Finished the run tonight and I'm absolutely beyond exhausted. This is an amazing, draining show.
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions
Perhaps I've been a bit hasty with it, Mike. :-)
Working on a bio project hoping to get it done tonight....its due in 2 weeks haha, also watching #that70sshow haha
Happy New Years Eve!!! :)
Jordan Belson should've been paid.
price goes up to $60 at the end of the month! I hope everyone hurries up and registers!
Is it bad that I want to pour water on this white kitten so he'll turn pink?
MT re 'the Supreme Court softball team just got an UPGRADE' // lets hope for no soft ball suits
“: Game of Thrones tonight. Really hope Joffery dies in the first ten minutes” few things would make me happier
damn i have such a long ride
Have her.
#overheardatthebar from an Italian native: " is the most authentic pizza I've had since Italy."
LHR -> SFO. Take off in a few minutes.
RT "These models are wearing the latest fashions like they're going out of style."
is it gonna be up tonight?
Who's excited for our release next thursday and who's coming?!?!?
I'm so glad the mall has WiFi :))
Saw Chick/Herbie last nite @ Blue Note. 2 wonderful men - a lot of interesting music. They should record.
Just got a haircut, i look pretty funky (: hmm..i wonder...if those fish are still alive... :D
Gallon challenge with and
i ve been sick and in bed. anyone heard from adam lambert? he makes my heart pound out of my chest! heis so freakin hot! total adamgasm!!!
Hello, Jiggles!!!!! How art tho? :o
It's an experience!
been working on some new tunes. will upload soon
RT : I #amwriting the story I started for #NaNoWriMo. It has been a long time coming.=>better late than never. Good luck.
best pit stop ever!
LOL Ass does feature prominently. Per usual.
I wonder if kindergartners know what the New York Stock Exchange is?
dr.pepper all the way! <3
I just supported on You should too! Thank you Keez, you're such a good friend! =)
Wait at least 48 hrs after coloring hair to shampoo it. Every time you wet hair you open the cuticle --give hair time to seal in the color!
LMAO I was just at the Fitness Connection down the street from there yesterday.
Easy is no fun.
WOOOOOOHOOOOO. My mom said i could go to the One Direction concert !!!!!!
"Haters Be My Motivators!!"
Way to go clarksville. Shoot the fireworks where we can't see them.
. Keeping your tweets private is an important step to protecting yourself & your privacy online. People actually read this stuff!
": old twitter friend" no sir mister :)
true that
Just another day at High school tomorrow (:
i miss my dad..
Fighting the urge to say inappropriate things in front of family.
I mean wtf...
Decision time.....most of us know there are things we need to change. Why are you waiting? Onward & Upward!
lol jus like Barbers they dont realize that stuff affects us,lol
Major Payne is one of the funniest movies ever!!!
what made you wanna follow me? Lol
mac and cheese is an all the time food.
Good sign for #OKState “: Finished a whole tube of chapstick today. Took me about a year & a half but I did it! #SmallVictory”//
Tonight come party with me! At living room lounge 446 w Virginia rd crystal lake il 9pm-1am Two rooms Karaoke room And tropical urban room
I never thought we'd get that many followers in that short period of time.#NEVERSAYNEVER follow us?(:
Now I Can't Tell What's a Better Accessory, My New Watch Or The Chick standing Right Next To Me !
Is Paul Ryan the pseudonym for one of Rand Paul's bastard kids???
T1: I should clarify... "less satisfied about the care they receive while in the hospital"
Bryan Adams, you always make it all better :)
haha no but it does still apply to you....
#everyblackneighborhood has a drug dealer
Hope your students have done well in admissions this year!
Hospitality Marketing With Social Media – Internet Marketing Denver ...
Do you mean right now, right now? I'm working on theme. What aboutcha'?
hahaha good. I love you eric haha :)
I really dig that game. The cell shading makes it I think.
sounds like it's time to treat yourself to something nice:)
My family is a pain in the ass! And not in the good way....
tea tree oil
Do it!!! That'd be awesome!! You should definitely ask her:)
LMAO RT : You lost me at Microsoft.
YOU HAVE TWITTER?! holla!!
Alarm set for 830...woke up at 930 with my phone in my hand and alarm turned off
Where should we go on our honeymoon...
omg lets do it!!!!!!!!!! When we hang out nxt time,we are doing it. lets call it "Real Life, Real Quotes" something lke tht
If you want to find out free info on nutrition and get free snacks go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
I'm convinced that no one delivers to my apt. Where are you ?
man most girls these days act like thugs. Since when did we change roles ?
You live and learn. At any rate, you live. Douglas Adams (1952 - 2001)
OMG, the season finale of the Vampire Diaries!? Not sure how I feel about it yet :/
TY I'm excited about #SoSlam too!
Happy Birthday <3
I can't...only got the phone
Mental Note when one starts to feel like crud again.... shower
does it, does it really. . . I am still sat patiently waiting for a phone call from your highness
Happy #MothersDay to all the mommies out there- inc. Puppy & Kitty Mommies like me! :-)
You too Dave...Hope you have a spectacular 4th!
thnx homie! the hard work paid off!
Dear mom, I Am What I Am Today because of you.<U+2665> You never gave up on me even when everyone else did. I Love You.<U+2665>
Good morning tweetplugs!!
o ull be outta there quik fast and in a hurry
Where is when one needs him? Are you on mac or a pc?
race riots in Tulsa & Rosewood by white nativists against blacks: violence, looting, burning & destruction of homes; media covers up issue.
“: One way to increase your chances of a goodnight kiss: Getting your date home without a drunk-driving crash. #ThingsWomenWant” Bravo!
Double duh! RT Gay people should be allowed to marry. Duh.
My stomach hurt
#IBelieveThatWeWillWin Let's go #Aztecs!! NC State is going down!
Aaron Rogers & David Garard
-_- rude ass people.
Testing, testing... is this thing on? ~ Jake
"Friendship is warm, friendship is touch." - Jim Joe Kelly
All you have to do is win. Nobody cares how you do it. #Packers have played up and down all season. Playoffs are a battle no matter what.
OMG 20 MILLION STRONG! CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
90 Ch Léoville Barton (2of2). Classic #Bordeaux nose of cedar, graphite. Stingy notes of tobacco, cherry, cassis. Keep waiting. 92 pts
Thanks to for the opportunity to sit on the ECE panel during their "Classrooms to Capitol Hill" conference today!
hahha no problemo cuzo "I NEED A MEDIC OVER HERE"
“: Yeah, She is "no joke". See if You can get Her to #CMChat. "Now" would be good! > ” thanks!!
Thank you =]
To maintain a healthy lawn, 1” of water a week is recommended, including rainfall. It’s best to water early in the morning.
Chemical engineering class. Ugh here we go.
Tornado virus!!!
Yippee! Hope it's going ok!
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
Dave still isnt following me...
Great pics...that's the same smile from the Met Life commercial
Me: I take drugs. Mum: WHAT IN THE NAME OF-- Me: Tomlibacco, Payne Killers, Styleroids, Malikjuana, and Horoin. Mum: That's 1D. Me: Exactly.
I ordered a white Simone cardigan from you and it had a stain on it! should I bring it into a store or send it back to you guys?
Pat Seed talks about ArcGIS, Geonames, Panoramio, tools for mapping how YOUR way (minus the vacation pics and hotel ads)
sounds good. Especially interested in a good dinner spot for Saturday, and a place to watch Linsanity in Harvard sq Sunday...
Thanks will do!
#shestooyoungforyoubro if she don't kno ice cube was a rapper
Prom was a blast but let's be honest, I'm ready to get the after party going. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
was worth a shot. Have missed for over two years now and missed it last Oct. due to mixup on their part.
And!..groceries.
Fact: Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters "MT".
Kentucky is looking too good. I need UNC to win it all and idk if they can do that with Kentucky playing lights out like they Are.
Wednesday Pollen Count | 10.0 out of 12.. keep windows closed, avoid peak pollen times, and find some relief throughout the day.
Can't wait! “: Tune-in of our feed tmrw & Fri for updates from our annual conference, making ideas happen #99conf”
It's a little late but... IT'S #FF! check out some social media professionals!
And no comments on my podcast art for ETW #31. Too esoteric?
-just seen a clser pic.<U+E32A>>>> the dress on her.
I hate when guys think I will dare them after talking to them for five minutes. Happens way too often.
Follow Me At Ya Herd Me!!!
Do u gadget zoo? And if so, did you invite your community to share their personal gadgets? Please get in touch. We'd love to hear about it!
I did! I'm in LA... I finally decided to settle down here! I've been back and forth LA to the Bay for years... LA is home now.
Yesterday 75 mi to Williston w. no town or gas station. Showers! Today 80 mi & 100 degrees w. lightning to Poplar on the Fort Peck Res. ...
Ready for the #SuperBowl? Look out 4 our commercial generously sponsored by @ 6-6:20pm EST today!
HA right. I just need a cover page or similar.
NEXT QUESTION! <3
They clearly have no shame :(
lol mane chk craigslist...aint much i can do 6 hours away but ebay lol
is at Schuler's in Marshall.
Have a good dinner and don't forget to say a brocha and bench after your meal - Mr Jew 4 ...
Forrest and Ellie are attending tonight. Are you? Raven Software is telling their story.
my hair is so short, oh mi god.
They are playing "Must-See TV" theme songs on repeat and I know them all.
Leaving Denver after appearing at #NDK #Anime Convention. as a guest voice actor. Tons of fun!
RT : Yes. The TeaParty (IMO) is more concerned with being anti-Obama than ideas.
Thursday, the counselor at the Veterans Center tells me I'm welcome in the group for Adult Children of Combat Veterans. Who am I?
finally reported #occupywallstreet but claimed we have "no Ideas" favored bloomberg's position. Maybe break up banks? Regulation?
no no no she's way diff than Kim
Cool! That's good..you should be proud of it..nothing boring about your choices. That's awesome! :)
Anybody else workout at #lifetimefitness ??
hehehe still hoping the lakers will wake up here. Real soon.
Devoe Moore wins again. He has no grounds to complain about government again, ever.
This just in: Oscar nominees are pushing for their own movies/co-stars to win. Thanks, ABC!
You're off the charts! How's life? Mining program going good? Softball coming up? fill me in
maybe my retweet will help boost your followers :)
Escape your cubicles today at lunch and join us on the sunny patio! Spring is here!
Visited your site. Thanks for sharing your beautiful music.
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left. ~Hubert Humphrey
Glad you liked it! RT : just had the best #burger of my LIFE at Now on my to-do list every trip to
All the women in my life freakin sprint through walmart like theyre on a mission
On the whole, i would rather hang out with Howard.
boston i love u!!!!! ur my home! can't wait till the parade! im wicked stoked!!!!! proud bostonian! :D
Austin definatally like you (;
Anyone else find the re-caps, outro/intro + the "deals" on #Obscura pointless? You could watch an episode in 10min w/o the nonsense.
what up with your icon? I like it!
Sketch is such a creep uhh
I love that feeling you get mid final when you're like: "holy crap It's summer now"
i t can only be in 2 places cause I only sat down in 2 places today, but yellow shirts won't let me back in
Another special guest at the BC last night... ... Did Miss America get her wish? Coincidence? Hm
You're welcome! :)
Clive Davis, smooth and powerful words. "I just know your gonna raise heavens roof like never before."
Unfortunately no but my older brother Mike and parents will be going. Be sure to stop by the DQ booth and say hi!
Watch it mister! :P
court date getting closer n freaking out about testifying some drunk guy nearly killed me and im afraid i'll get choked up on the stand :(
worried about my travel time with Wendell on Tues. How long is too long in carrier?
Looking for a locale for your company picnic? The Cornelius Pass Roadhouse has availability on 7.8.11! Call 503.693.8452 for more info!
#MentionYourCrush is trending.. But no one has enough balls to do it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I already hv 5 k and 100 pending request
For those who like to kick it old skool, our walkie talkie handle is SMOKEY THE PLUM.
'Hangabout' Suet Feeder available in 2-pack & pre-filled with Attractor Roasted Peanut Suet. Good stuff. Get it at woodpecker-feeder.com
Happy !!! Stop by and see me and the Mrs. at ! [#ilm]
Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you
Went upstairs to take a sun break with and ended up making hot cocoa instead. Brrrr...
He has been pursuing my style for too long RT : was just going to tweet that. Watching nfl network also.
Growing my Hair out.
I've always wondered what it's like to be a girl
RT : #Cancer stresses themselves out by overanalyzing situations
EWWW! The B.O. was bad enough!! Haha! Glad you made it out alive!
#NowKpopping Big Bang "Love Dust" (*^_^*)
Thanks for your response!!
why don't you follow me ?
New Year's Resolution: book more gigs
I should say, the main points in the story of The Secret War book will remain the same-so those who have the 1st edition aren't missing out.
I have no idea where he is now lol
According to Amazon, I've ordered "Arguably: Essays by Christ." You know, or Christ...opher Hitchens. But nice try, Amazon. Very cute.
wants to go on tour! But he need fanss to perform for!! Come awn guys follow him!!!!(:
A ray of sunshine, a balmy breeze Are a gift from God above, And He also gives us faithful friends. To warm our hearts with love.
not tired at all. Fantabulous mood <3
Weren't you wearing a Duke shirt today...hahaha
stupid shit i was told as a kid: "don't cut paper w scissors." oh, yeah... ?
fire like I’m third degree, and suddenly, we got so high, fire fly
true energy and connection as we all strive to find meaning in what we do but most important in who we are.
The Denver County Fair is excited for the State Fair Colorado starting tomorrow!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!:)
Gr8~ RT : I'm in! RT #DesignBizChat is TOMORROW! 10 am ET -Collaboration-creating it, making it work, succeed
where you at!?
Political expediency.
Happy Valentine's Day!
I need to buy two kids from somebody for my taxes. And I need to get on somebody insurance male/female. Real talk get at me
$5 Cello Martinis tonight at Salute! Stop in for a much-needed afterwork drink and warm up by our fireplace!
girl, you ain't atleast have some toast or a biscuit with it? lol
only because they're not you
Congrats to and Decarlous Spearman for winning $100 Amazon gift cards for visiting the Crowley booth at #ala11 and
Just finished reading book #3 of 2012. Running the Books by my cousin Avi Steinberg. Funny, touching, scary, really great!!
Rik Hauptfeld states that his primary function simply is D7!
Son is staying hydrated at his baseball game with Pineapple ...much better than Gatorade!
haha! What can I say? My childhood was magical!!!
Acting on a good idea is better than just having a good idea
Ash Wednesday let it burn
HGB does inflame passions! :)
I know, but for some other people like this girl on my twitter named jen says she doesn't like the guy that she used to (cont)
I guess I'll order more supplies I need for my earrings.
Please rain be gone by 10 pm..
I was born on ORKUT, stayed in FACEBOOK and now I am living my life to the fullest in TWITTER.<U+2665>
I am now reading: "Maeve Brennan, Homesick at The New Yorker: An Irish Writer in Exile" by Angela Bourke
#rip kristein's love life
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough not to lose the dream in the seeking of it. - William Faulkner
I shoulda done the same.
I watch a lot of the Bulls & Celtics. I think Doc & Thibodeau r 2 of the best at any level. Haven't watched much of the Grizzlies
when are we gonna hang out?
The book I'm reading contains one gathering--pages 57-64--twice. Haven't seen that before.
Talked to my little brother to him to go with my mom for treatment before he was taken by the cops, I dont want to see that happen to him<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
It's crazy how the other day I was that freshman that didn't know where the bathroom is, Now were about to become the seniors
#FollowBack Please! Thanks!!
We had a great service and looking forward to next week. "the keystones" to Spiritual economics, Putting First Things First
haha true true :p
This smell.. it's making me go into a dream-like state, my head is clouded, and I can't think straight. It isn't a bad feeling, honestly.
haha... can't we get some review units? We'll totally blog about it :)
still laughing when I see your "oh my gosh we hit 68,000" tweet! Haha that was the funniest voice you said that in.
Thanks for the love fam
=) Love those Cats
"It's 5 o'clock Somewhere" and you're stuck in traffic with me.
Happy Anniversary to ! House was packed, Mules were delicious.
This bus driver sucks at driving. I feel like I'm going to be sick.
#ThingsICantStand when the date rape pill wears off and she wakes up half way thru sex...
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
"So I went to the dentist. He said "Say Ah." I said "Why?" He said "My dog's died.'"
There 's an app called Shitter that creates toilet paper rolls printed with a twitter feed
Having, hopefully, a dumb moment - I can't find the #Brewers game on Uverse
Every time I see that car commercial with Braxton and his confidence I laugh
. and I are going to watch Dude Where's My Car and no one can stop us!
“: I can't overstate the importance of Phil Hughes this year. If he is back to form, that's big.” don't hold your breath.
The ultimate purpose of your business is to create value.
Can we please get a microphone for CIO comments @ the CIO discussion meeting? Big room.
thank you for the amazing presentation.
oh I am just 5 feet, and I aint never let it stop me frm nan nathin! Intelligence wins wars. &I'd love to be a commentator.
YAY I Finally got 's new album #RomanReloaded Deluxe Edition. I Love And Can't Stop Listening To It. #ILOVENICKIMINAJ :D
no probs, m'lady!
Ha don't get to happy
My streak is at 8 ... I reread Edith Wharton and Evelyn Waugh just to break it. Even the Orange Prize list wasn't working.
Slow things down, speed them up. Not enough or way too much.
Wow this is a great game!
Same with "Our Country is headed down the wrong path". Love listening to you and JT on the way home from work.
really? Aw thank you so much!! :)
I AM alive and doing better than a few weeks ago. Too much overwhelming stuff. Needed some down time to lick my wounds.
Thanks, Jeannie! have a great weekend!
i love ending the day dirty.
You know. RT : Pump this shit, like they do in the future!
I'm leaving the office later today to take an unofficial visit to Culvers.
That happens as they sit in the bottles longer. It changes.
Wrangler for my son Oscar
SHOUTOUT to eberybody go follow him!!!!! who ever follows him will get a follow back from me and maybe my followers! :) thanks!
So much fun! Happy to be a part of it. G did an awesome job!!
oh haha ill be damn'd dat happened to me lol hell naw I'd be like gimme back dat house I bought you... Tf you thought haha
thanks for following us. Hope you can make it to our event to benefit those in #Haiti on Saturday!
I just used the phrase "shiv a hipster." I'm so street. And professional.
just got off work what u doin
got a strange look when I called gigabytes "gigabiscuits"
or UB40 Rock. or Stabbing West Wing. or Diff'rent The Strokes. I see where you're going...
at rehearsal at asu picking my butt! Come over here and let's drink!
why did I expect you to say that?? Lol byebye :) goodluck...
Been driving for a year today...I haven't been in any wrecks or anything...
You may be right. It has been a long time since I've seen Colon, but I recall thinking to myself, "slow feet, should be a G"
: Emailed weeks ago and still haven't heard from you. Anyone I can talk to about streaming our monthly events?
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 35
GEORGIA! #SouthernGround artist Levi Lowrey w/ special guest, Travis Meadows THIS Thursday at Red Clay Theatre. Get ur tix now!
VIP starts as low as $35 per person & gets you a private section with bottle service! Pre-book for FREE cover + line skip! 414.335.9569
Solving my e-reader angst by only downloading books I'm embarrassed to be seen reading.
what table U at chic? We going hard over here. Bottles poppin
Today was pretty brutal............Time to go home.
Went to the bathroom
I'm watching 30 Rock. Very Funny show
At the airport with plenty of time to spare!
join the club *everybody's getting dumped*, it seems like nobody really feels like dating the same person long, anymore.
follow back lol
so perfect. I've been fighting back the need to RT everything all day.
She is so pretty
I heard that the radiation from Japan might reach the U.S. Hope I get some damn super powers!
Dreary day, but energetic officea
I will definitely try. I'm speaking at 4:00 in room B. By the way, Charlottesville City uses the product i'm presenting.
End of Second Period 1-1 Looking good !!!
Things to do when you're bored: paint the "F word" on to your car.
I guess Ol' Gutierrez didn't have the molasses for a mayoral race. Do YOU have the molasses, Rahm? Do you?
If you can give me a contact, I will find the right person to message you. Thanks.
Congrats! Keep up the good work!
when that one person you really want to talk to sleeps in all day <<<<<<<<
i cAN EVEN SHOW U A PIC OF ME
Used to embrace the single life, na tryin to move past dat
rain falling on roof :: building wheels :: my day feels perfect.
It went well, thanks! We miss you guys though. We'll be back on the 16th!
": Time for some shout outs" shout us out homie! #realsmashbrothers in the building! #nj #philly legoooo!!!
awesome pic. Is that in your apartment? Looks super cute!!
yupp, i'm forsure bi-polar
is following me!!! Can't wait to be the butt of some wildly inappropriate jokes. Uh-huh,huh-huh, huh
Make sure u make the most of this priceless day. Let's focus our attention & our effort toward those things that hav real meaning!
thanks Jon
in mine they are rebranded: "braising greens."
I thank God for a soon to be Husband like Mine <3 I admire him so much ah I love him so much :)
#Democrats keep complaining that the party isn't spending money to defeat #Walker... That's how a single-party system works.
Sweet boneless wings have been flying out of this place come check it out tonight! BDW is the place for awesome prebar food!
ur house is nice wanna get married?(:
Philly tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Time for the best words in mid-February "Pitchers and Catchers report today!"
"This aint champagne this is champipple"-Tommy #Martin lololol "after a couple of drinks they won't notice"-Martin so bootleg lmaooo
Coffee Time!!
oh yeah
thank you so much Sarah!
They play in 13 hours, so shut up.
hello to you have a great Frday
damn I was just gonna tweet you about time travel lol
I just finished a 2.24 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
In honor of #SkipBayless, I once scored 87 points in a basketball game...after I dished out 63 assist by halftime.
Thanks so much Annie!
whats up with the music though anything new?
Obviously the hacker-Autism bullies doing this are doing it BCUZ THEY DONT WANT ANY ATTENTION TO THE AUTISM HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS GOING ON
xo till we overdose..
W/ those series ending, everybody ragging on NC & IU needs to grow up. Both are elite programs & in the weak SEC KY needs those games.
Do you ever feel that some people should not be allowed to talk?
Great Minds Discuss Ideas, Average Minds Discuss Events, And Small Minds Discuss Peoplee.
How da fuck Ur moms and grandma sexier than u ? Hoe hit
GOOD LUCK WITH THE HEALING PROCESS..REALBUCKSFANS STILL REP #6 nomatterwhat
I love how powerful you believe me to be :)
Hour changes for Saturday 11-2:30pm. Sorry I had to make some last minute changes.
our new site looks fantastic! Thank you all so much for your hard work.
Thanks again for the free publicity!
On Deck: Baby Shower....It's A GIRL!
When Freddie says the line "But nobody asked how I feel--" I swear he reminds me so much of this one actor, but I have no idea which actor.
Double header and we win both! Championships continue next week...
Americans who never leave the country...
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell I'll show you a good time. Last time I listen to a clown driving a rickety van
RT : "holding a grudge is letting someone live rent free in your head"
okay ? your point is ??? lol
I am going to a meeting with the P&T Committee today to discuss a streamlined method to do cited reference searches
I am going to start saying Hakuna Matata in place of saying no worries. You should do the same.
Road trip? Where you headed this summer? -PT
struggling to keep my eyes open <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Um...I should be in bed by now, my arthritis is acting up lol
Success is not a place at which one arrives, but rather the spirit w/ which one takes the journey. Stop "doing!" Live it!
Understating Your Kitchen Remodeling Budget......go to www.blackforestremodelingandtile.blogspot.com January Specials Available!
Well, we are finally melting now we have new lakes all around us - Lake Poodle Dog, Lake Fife, Lake Fife Heights, ...... :)
Should I be taking all these songs about margaritas as a hint?
It's another busy day as The Pit hosts eight semi-final NMAA State Basketball Championships games! Who are you rooting for?
New shoes :)
That is a fine film!
Silent night. Christmas night. Now I eat sweets. Tomorrow I move my feet, eat lean meats, and make my heart beat. On my way back to petite!
Old people EVERYWHERE. This place is the Ba-Bomb.
Tune into WQED Pittsburgh today at 7:30pm to watch Pittsburgh 360 and their special on the OPERA CHAMPION OF PITTSBURGH competition!
Had a good dinner recently at Belvedere Inn in Lancaster. Great cocktails too - if you're in to that sort of thing.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
The cold weather is back, hopefully the last weekend of this! Come in to warm up with the new menu!
Reboots of Sommers' "The Mummy" and "Van Helsing" which are amongst several library titles the pair are reportedly planning to 'reimagine'.
You'll dig it as I have dug it!
One direction is known world wide! do you guys think they will beat justing bieber in a few years?
Earn $$$ by selling UR own brand of human hair! Weft hair 4 weaving, bulk hair 4 braiding, & loose hair 4 lacewig making! Call 855-DRWIGGY
No clue. Ask the B&B Books kids.
we just launched the "feelslike" field in our Current Conditions for JSON and XML
Yayayayya!!! Go Holly!!!! MISS YOU!!!
u can be poor and religious. Then go to college for a yr and then be rich and religious.
Planning objective definition of #hacker theme soon. Have audio material recommendations?
Got my Barber Swag on right now! Yeah boi!
Hayes arguing that the staging of legal trials to interrogate extra-marital sexuality didn't stifle female agency but gave it space
hahah I know its wonderful lmfao hahah its cute!! Hey but hole was hard for her to say!
Vancouver, BC gorgeous in spring....heading down to San Fran Weds- Frid..any good wine tastings I should attend Weds afternoon in bay area?
What a fantastic day!!!
ONE-LINER: What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens.
I see in my BlogWorld session. I sure hope to get to meet her in person :)
Who? and Why?
The Final Plenary
Thanks for the retweet
me too! right cut seriously.
The Holidays are Approaching!!! EEK! Time to start organizing your purchases! Call #BooksandPay!!
Omg!! #WilliamLevy is on Dancing With The Stars?!??! I'm so setting up DVR as soon as I get home!! The man is FINE!!!!!! Que emocion!!!
I'll let you play with my XBOX if you let me play with your STATION and when we KINECT we'll both scream WII
Well, I guess that's good then. Django looks like a pretty awesome tool. I love Python, but I haven't used Django yet.
How come?? email us at if you are still interested ?
I'm exhausted, but my presentation is done and the sense of accomplishment and knowing I didn't give up is worth every missed Z!
re: scream 4, scream 4 the movie to be over?
This sucks
loving this morning,living this morning, live is good this morning thanking the man above for these many blessings
I should have seen it coming. The moment I 1st logged on to Twitter, it told me that Whitney Houston was dead. I should have quit right then
Cool deal glad you git going again.
Triple H > ....It's not even close
slept all day. It's not fun anymore.
So I don't know. What do we think about Google+ so far? Useful new utility or just Facebook also-ran?
“: what did you think of here?” very cool!
#Artists #Actors...fear or faith...how do you choose to approach your life, your art, your choices?
"A passage from the Talmud proclaims that over every blade of grass, there is an angel whispering "grow,grow." What is ur angel whispering?
Don't miss out on these LOW Rates!
And now four establishing shots of entirely different places.
weird weekend, back to music on Monday morning! i have to say i enjoy my profession!
Choking is as choking does... RT : Lee Dixon's reasons for City's slump. 1) Their form. 2) Their team.
answers: 15 of Wired posts sparked by Twitter. Replaced ProfNet/HARO. Put Qs on Twitter and get expert As.
Happy Tuesday, Ready to build community and care from the heart. #letseducate &
Moment of silence was an all-day event at home. Didn't speak a word. Not a single phone call, email, text or post until now.
See ya later peeps tweet ya later <3333333333333333333333333 love ya follow me I follow you back
Saying im going to regret my modifications is like saying im going to regret being PROUD of who I am.
Had a brief Klout moment there. Just trying to understand it more.
GO JORDAN! GIRL U R GOING TO MAKE MOM HAPPY! BUY UR FAMILY A NICE HOME, GET YOUR MAN JEFF!! HAPPY DAYS ARE HERE 4 U JORDAN! WELL DESERVED!
Geez! We dont play the Rangers right?
thank you for stopping in!! great to see you!
When your In a hurry everything is against you
has anyone ever tried #bubbletea with #soymilk? if so, how was it?
so i just got my school programed in my laptop so i can do it wihile iam on tour now im homed schooled starting tommorow
Spotted a chick in a Juniata hoodie on the bus. It's like we're apart of a secret sisterhood only 1600 other people know about.
Zumba Toning has been moved to Thurs night this week ONLY. Head over to tonite @ 7pm for regular Zumba with !
"shaking like a dog shitting razor blades" - Alkaline Trio
mahniggga you will!
RT : CONGRATS to the graduating class of 2012!!
come to rockwood tonight at 8 and ill cover some ... Ill even try to get mm to reprise his role from dazed.
www.platinumposts.com Get News About your favorite Music artists and tv stars REMEMBER WHERE YOU HEARD IT FIRST www.platinumposts.com
I'm at the theater, ready to see #AVENGERS in all its IMAX glory!
People who put headphones on while driving are stupid.
On a personal note: Today was a good day. Kid does not need hand surgery, Budget got resolved, and I enjoyed a quality meal with my family.
"This is King Fisher's road. Take the other one."
But annoying is an adjective. Just being serious...and anal.
I know, right? I am in love with them.
Warped tour tickets = Check!
Someone help my infection has spread even more
You my friend are what is called the Doctor Of The Future. Medicine has it's merits, and drawbacks. It's good to know you.
Whos ready for tonight & what songs would you like to hear
Damm I have english tommorow its so boring we write an essay everyday
Is this the latest idea for government pension financing reform?
“: this is extremely unnecessary...we're watching a hologram perform” haha
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb
The wait for prisoners on death row will be shortened considerably.
catching up on the show #LostGirl ...you are amazing on the show.
How come people with fever blisters always initiate the conversation?
Well I guess I'm goin to in SD on the 20th. Thx see you soon cc:
I'll be there with 25 setups around 7.
Need more followers
364 days until
Snow in the forecast? Summer time people! Let's go! Get moving!
Well son of a gun—I just won an Android tablet!
I'm not the biggest fan of the Weird Mysteries,but the new look is definitely worth taking a glance at :-) u miss Sugar Sugar??
haha I figured, I was by you when you were in the dairy isle and two people being you at checkout!
Are yall following ??? Follow for sum exciting news for yall!!!!
I no longer except; liars, controllers nor ego driven people in my life. If you bring love, enlighten conversation and empathy_ welcome!
The only one that is better is good luck Charlie
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
What doesn't kill you make you stronger...or sometimes weaker depending on what it is
I hate saying it, but Cassel sold that fake a bit ago
that sounds rather sarcastic.. :(
#thanks for the compliment
Agreed! So good - go #teamblake! whew!! RT : Phew. Tears. Get it!
so would you be getting dressed IN bed...?
fun fact of the day: The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terrabytes.
how about highfives? Is that weird too?
The whole concept of earphones sir is so I won't have to speak to anyone the bus including you.
i like it it a god show
yeah!I cant believe i was 1st in line at the mall..and Kendall wrote happy bday on the cd!I ask him hehe,but gtg school morning
I moved on from caffeine to #guinness. It's working out pretty well! :)
Fuck. Reports are Jr was a suicide.
Ladies is pimps too. Gone brush your shoulders off!
Another Monday at work almost done, only 600 days to go.
Working on the Texas Bioneers conference: great speakers & a lot of enthusiasm - hold Nov. 11 & 12, more cool info to come.
You say you hate drama and you don't want it in your life yet you're the ones causing it! #growup!
Old School Sound on your iPad, BeatBlaster HiFi - Old School Cool is back
TIP: Have maintenance reminders sent to your phone from Car Maintenance Reminder Pro {Android phones} or Car Care {iPhone}.
tell me you played them Pet Sounds in its entirety.
I'll neva stop bein da kind, compassionate, funny, loving, thoughtful person I am I 'ont care what ppl do ta me...
Yeah! Perfect.
Did you know: the definition of " natural " isn't regulated by law ( except on meat labels ).
wahhhh, don't you hate it when you try so hard and it feels like its for nothing!
Thinking of my brother, Pen, today and how quickly 10 years can fly by when someone you love is gone.
Ladies sitting next to me in the library discussing the last pairs of shoes they bought.
Let's be fwends on FB
RT : you are gorgeous (:--- me or ?! Thats him in that picture.
Great show tonight!!! Hope you can still be a dog lover after all that, lol.
“Young people tell what they are doing, old people what they have done and fools what they wish to do”
me oh myy.
Indiana offense = complete opposite of
Sometimes i called you my BFF...;(((
Ok all better now, business attire off relaxed soft cotton lounge pants and tank on
you give good tweet, Emily
I hate getting rejected from jobs, but I also hate rejecting job offers. It's a lose/lose situation.
Are you an actor? What was the first project that you did? Share your experience.
Even my birds are singing
I'm on a vacation in Boston come and visit!lol staying at the four seasons plz come!!!:) lol that would be cool though:)
Haha. Definitely. You should write a book. :)
The most expensive house in the world cost $1 billion. It is located in Mumbai, India.
I haven't heard from you in a minute bro. How you been
Awake my soul
Question: how is it self defense if you're following someone & tracking them down to shoot them?
Its A New Day and Im glad for change
I'm not sure 10x would be right if Noah's ankle is still "sprained". That is IF the Bulls actually get out of this series.
Having my office party yankee swap gift of a bottle of wine on my desk was a bad idea
Read Charles & Mary Beard, economic history of the united states
sitting at home, I asked my mom. But she said last time I went to a shoot around and took it "easy," I broke my butt. So no :(
RT : It'd be cool to support the Columbus Crew with all this newfound soccer passion everyone suddenly has...
Why is it that I always know exactly what I want... and NOBODY MAKES IT. Ugh.
#ThatsWhatIWant a Smoothie
Happy Birthday to my favorite nephew and Nevaehs paran....we love u DJ
Petal, it hpns every 10-15 yrs. It's a pain, but it's better than not having the right to strike? I think. Maybe not. Hm.
Christmas is around the corner, are you ready?
the pleasure is all mine. Thanks!
I hate arguments but I'm glad that the issue is resolved. I feel so much better.
one month til what
Haha, yes! Like is that too much to ask! Ah, im scared i wont like the new characters they get :/
haha oops.. I accidentally deleted my original tweet.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I Wish everything with my ex couldve work out for the better
I'm not living if you're not by my side. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
I like what Ford brings to the team from the slot. DHB has been getting better, but still not No. 7 pick worthy
watching the second year mfas do the scottish play !
ctrl-z. really works.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 25
hope you're feeling better soon.
"You must do the things you think you cannot do." - Eleanor Roosevelt
A whole lecture on Twitter and Facebook...
Just realized that I enjoy watching the NHL infinitely more than the NBA
Thanks! Hope all is well with you too! I enjoy keeping up with you at least via facebook! :)
Do you live in the area? I would like our meeting to be more personable than a phone convo. Fri/Sat evening would work.
I thought you were buying it in a box! Not a restaurant lol. I'm dumb.
Rockin it out at with finishing up song number 3!!!
it was magical. so many memories but the one that stands out.the most was Iverson breaking Tyrone Lue's ankles in the finals.
The Frank Rich article is spot on. Folk inside the beltway and the media not only do not get it, if they do they are trying to destroy it.
Well , Lazzy day (:
woo bass!
I am, thank you. I trust you are as well, Ms. Ward?
#Albuquerque I'm selling my Numark TT-500 turntables message me for details
Just saw a car with Iowa state personalized plates that read CHELSFC. Get the feeling there wasn't a ton of competition for that combination
Heading home from Montreal, next trip Cape Town to see !
Sleep is more important than this project
Take one more step and i will stand outside a supermarket with a petition asking, "do you have a moment to talk about sticks?
Happy one year anniversary to my favorite royal couple!
what are u talking about?! There a great team!
This weekend going to san fransico
I fell like I won't get to see him this weekend :/
so have u tried again recently??
yall should race it on foot lol
sweet, congrats to you and ! Praying for you guys.
#FF Hello and thanks for the follows!
advice from my cousin dawn, one of the wisest people i know: "just be there".
Eli Manning is so gross. So gross. Also take out your retainer.
Hey everyone! If anyone got anything weird from me I apologize, it seemed my Twitter got hacked into. It should be okay now.
He really is....they just started being buddies since the other dog left. Other dog was overexuberant for kitty.
who cares...its all gonna end in December.
Sake it to me! RT : I want sake now.
Fred Hammond......major statement!
There will be a lack of Tweets tonight. Was at the office till 1am this morning and back again at 9. Runnin' on fumes
"well, everyones home life is unsatisfying, if it wasnt, people would live with their parents forever."
“: I did detect CHEMISTRY. :-)” ..yep..a good on the desk, against the wall scenes!
Hahaha, okay. As long as it prevents that.
your task will be picked up the next day.
ohh soo happy for my eveymae who just landed herself an official boyfriend :))
People, just be glad that Yahoo didn't buy Instagram.
really, you don't want to know...
Last night I was crying so much lol
#kids Live shark feedings at Museum of Nature & Science at Dallas Museum of Nature & Science - Science Building, Fri, May 11 11:00a: What...
and missed you!
Will be following Lobos basketball all season long. At home, on the road, struggles, success, tough nights, big wins. It all matters.
Mostly sunny but cool tomorrow, high: 64. Mid 70s with sun on Friday. Low 80's Saturday. Sunday & Monday will be in the upper 80's!
Some day. MT upgraded to Google #chrome v19 but the tab syncing isn't working.
Need help planning your next trip or exotic vacation? #Follow-->>my friend for great travel ideas.
i though u loved tits?
I was commenting on your tweet about the kids drove you crazy
Your always with me in spirit and will always play a major role in my life thanx conscious
OK, so I used it right. But maybe shouldn't have hyphenated. Thanks.
i sprain my ankle today in gym and i started crying then the school made go home and rest then i come back in an hour and had a MAP testing
Pujols is no longer going to be wearing a Cardinal's jersey.
Just finished getting ready for church yeah buddy gonna learn about god today but I'm so tired:))
- "It's what you learn after you know it all that counts." - John Wooden
I forgot how boring this school is. I haven't seen a fight since I've been back, #sphs whats up? #MorseHigh I sorta miss you.
Which one? I'm overdue and need to renew...
Well, I thought Bubba missed his chance, but maybe I was mistaken.
no problem dude.. good luck. we have had about the same luck. we're on our 3rd singer in a year
Just got my new issue of Lucky and noticed you in there! Congrats! You are beautiful and I love your yoga DVD "Yoga Anywhere"!
Yes we will! Veggie subs on hand. :)
Retweet this if you dig our music. If you haven't heard it yet, why don't you take a peek? www.facebook.com/coventrysquare
the hologram of Jimmy Hendrix.
Ask yourself this question...will it matter a year from now?
trying to find a new icon pic that I like .... not feelin' this one...
*sprays thirst repellent* lol
Indy Savings! Stop by The Children's Museum of Indianapolis from now until close to receive a special $19 matinee ticket!
haha guess your daughter did a good job picking out the ride...enjoy the new #pathfinder !
I miss arguing over who loved who more :p
Big Time Rush played at State Fair last year.. Where you been? They're a Nickelodeon show/group.
yeah i'm just curious. it's like aziz's best work, and a lot of it is based off that "funny things about being famous" bit
omg i love those almonds!
I hope he's OL. That does not look good.
They damn well better give him a hit for that.
Learn silk screening from the at the Demo Booth (1pm and 3pm). You can also enter to win a textile
: We are a proud supporter of locally brewed beer! Now serving Feildhouse Wheat! #drinklocal #cheers $5 Drafts
Stop saying "Web 2.0" and calling yourself a "Guru." Both are essentially meaningless.
RT : We've got grilled cheese and bacon with homemade tomato soup at Cleveland Park tonight to take the chill off...
Stop in and see Jed right now, he has free tickets to give away to see Steve Aoki at 8pm at the Rave TONIGHT !!!
glad you'll are jammin! Kitten fed time for some more <U+E13C>. You'll be good<U+E405> catch you later! :)
Put my phone on silent. Best thing I've done all day.
running late. Sorry. Be there ASAP
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore Because you acted way different on twitter & facebook than in real life
Excuse me as I shoot this girl in the face.
you are welcome
“: I think Courtney was a butthole baby?” she gives you a run for your money with the mind games! Maybe you should date
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone he can blame it on...
black shirt with navy skirt... does not work with blue tights. I must have been temporarily colorblind when I dressed myself this morning.
I would say layers of struggle and their ability to continue on the journey of inner seeking
its funny how i give you a hard time. c:
The competition for DMOs is guidebooks, Web sites, blogs, & other info sources independent of travel industry & its marketing.
THAT PIG....!! SAY THE WORD AUNTY....AND I'LL BITE HIS CHUBBY TOOKHASS....!!
There are just too few excuses to wear brown these days..
Chicken ceasar salad wrap
: You'd still be awesome, but together with MKE? You're unstoppable.
We're curious to know what type of shows you are presenting and where you are finding the most success or the least.
I am getting NO email today #yahoo I am in TN. Getting old...
nice! did u guys take out the boat?
Um?! Who wants a $1.00 off voucher to use at U-Swirl? Come on! RT this with your favorite flavor and you're the proud winner of a voucher!
Shill (2/2): I've known her since 1st grade. Rather talented and, I don't think she'd mind my saying, delightfully quirky.
Chea! Ray's prolly back in the line up! RT : C's tonight!
What is everyone doing to be active today before the weekend? We will R/T the best responses.
Just checking. People who don't are nasty.
Journeying into the wild
Busy sending out 2012 Markeitng plans for #golfcourses & #golfclubs, if you run a course and are interested contact me (989)858-0652!
You were my first tweet! Now, I don't know what you just said? I'm trying to figure out this tweet deck thingy?? lol
Oh awkwards conversations in the bathroom
Haven't felt this great in months
I am NOT a role model *Chuck B voice*
I'm confused :-/
Sugar sculptures by Amber Eagle at the Menil bookstore--come investigate and check out our holiday goods and books.
Sure go ahead & put away the ice scraper. Hey, I'm taking the electric blanket off my bed tonight!
It's been a long week lol
no just disappointed .
I thought they did have traffic in Canada? WTH?
Sure, just don't break the bank doing it.
Any night that starts with blue label is a good one !
I got them off VIP nation there was 4 left when I did and I bought two so it depends on what ones you want most are sold out
I will have that answer for you later today we are meeting tonight at 8 to discuss deals for
The Defy Words tour coming to a school near you! Proud of my girl!
Life moves on but people just stop walking
Just saw Chasing the Sun music video it was amazing
The #Undoing racism workshop was a great experience for us at !
Srsly? Google scans look like crap compared to those done by
I saw them last night in Orlando. Them, Bush, and Seether was all awesome! Great freaking show!
oh my gosh I LOVE THEM
you didn't get enough sleep in the assembly?
Wearing a V over a tank cause the school board is gayayayayayayayayay
lol is that a yes?!
#BoiseSOC Bieter on Franklin Park: We don’t have an agreement yet, but I’m committed to do all I can to make it happen. Stay tuned.
this. is. why. we. can't. have. nice. things.
No Problem<3
sick game this weekend my man secondary looks totally different with you back keep doing what ur doing
Another great Fringe this week, hope it gets a fifth season
Dinner w/ jme m. Then mall and checkin our the new place.
Don’t miss it. #Sting at the Nob Hill Masonic Auditorium on Friday (12/2 – 8pm)
sorry if i hurt you . and sorry if i let you hurt me.
oh yeah. it's just getting good.
So I've had an MCRP, (radically different from an RCMP), and I'm awaiting results to discover the source of this latest bout of gut misery
I was gonna talk to yall about whether strawberries were in season actually
Gosh I'm on level 120 on defender and I can shoot 3 bows at once hella fast. I'm on a roll.
i've been a lovatic for a long time now . even when she went to rehab .. i was still here . i love her . she's my inspiration. <3
awesome awesome- how bout u?
What I am or what I'd LIKE to be? ;) We have tents...I'd LOVE a motor home.
We're happy that you're happy! (-; “: beyond happy to hear you have patio open + WiFi! On my way now!”
Did you know Dick Clark? Sometimes he had 5 dogs at a time! Rest in Peace to a dog lover extraordinaire. Via
Justin Bieber on tmz. ~Le gets excited.
Oh Gellespie field I live in Sand Diego Lucky us!
are you still having issue with SB6120?
wat u mean
lol lol... I do it sometimes just for the shock faces <U+E107><U+E40D><U+E410>
Senate vote 98-0 to pass tax credit- now goes to House. Watch for fast approval and off to the Pres
not excited for next class. AT ALL!
What's your favorite #TacoTuesday restaurant in #Milwaukee? has my vote for their delicious $1 veggie tacos!
Are you going to use screenfuse at the next Instagram Party? Ian is throwing Part Two #Instahawaii now its June 15
#Fandomunium is in full effect - come check out all the games in a party area - enjoy great HRC Munchies, shoot a few hoops
Every part of me wants to open #Xenoblade Chronicles, but I've got to finish Rayman Origins first.
Today is Friday is trending. Can't wait for "Tomorrow is Saturday" to show up.
I'm not the type to complain about work, but back to back to back to back 18hr. days is a bit much. >:-/
easy does it. Lol. Not all of them in the county but 90%
: You BOTH are AWESOME! Thank you, thank you for your support!! :)
Follow me My old account was for demo for class only!
Patio is open!!! The Belmont Tavern and Whiskey Bar patio is open for you afterwork and tonight. Cathedral Square's BEST afterwork bar!
A man of great wisdom & taste.": .... I hate hockey."
Final presentations from Flight School Fellows last night. Nothing short of AWESOME. Thank you Waffle Shop, Courtney, Jasdeep and Joe.
This is why ppl don't get 100% from me... Then wonder why
gotta add thick works too tho “: Slim... Fine... And On Her Grind... #ShesAKeeper”
for lunch, for dinner with , , - it's an Asia foodie kinda day.
What a joke. Show is rigged! “: Get out of here. Two nines? HE JUMPED OVER TWO STANDING PEOPLE. #DWTS”
Only those who will risk going to far can possibly find out how far one can go. T.S. Eliot
My head still hurt ..
what time are y'all planning on getting down there?
O my god its so cold DX
where oh where will we get breakfast today?
Would you be interested in working with the social media department on upcoming video projects?
how are you gonna post something on cragislist and not put a phone number? you aren't gonna sell anything without that!
Anybody got an opinion on EventBrite?
Finish Free Blacks Essay, CHECK Finish in class work homework, CHECK Now it is time for Monday Night RAW!
Litteralllly . The level of love I have for Sterling Knight is unbelievable .
i cant believe it was to violent for tv lol
GLOBAL YELLOW PAGES : Incorporation of A New Subsidiary – Global YP Limited In ... - 4-traders (press release)
I can't believe that it's been 14 years since Seinfeld finished... now I just feel old, thanks mate.
anytime is good for me
This little road tip is about over.
they do look pretty solid.
I swear it is?
YES! lol and she bothered me on that show, too.
Can my mom please stop reading through my things!!! This is why I need my freedom to get away from her annoyingness!
I wanna play the New Zelda : /
overheard at Indiana Statehouse on last day of 2012 session: "That bill is deader than Whitney Houston."
she deserves a good slap!
G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch. You Don't Like
why is sports sunday at 11:35 when people will have to get up tomorrow morning to go to either work or school?
Snooze with
Such a nice #lazysunday. A few good meals, a couple walks around the neighborhood and lots of boob tube :)
#girlbyenotwiththem plastic pearls
"Acoustic Rooster & His Barnyard Band" submitted for Outstanding Literary Work - Children's Lit.
Waukesha needs a cracker barrel.
boom. Win
And it's official... (and fam) totally rock! Thanks for a lovely chat!
;) yes indeed baby girl! Because i praise Him for everything!! RT : I will take you all there
nobody followed me :(
Elbow did not come up. Head was not targeted. <shrug> bad call.
Stop using so many fucking question marks.
aw<333333333333 that's so cute!!!!!! :D
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there. Enjoy every minute of it!!
It's expected to be about the same for Sunday's game that starts at 4 p.m. local time
Not a single thing in the entire world could have meant more to me this morning than my 7-11 brazilian bold.
And New England loses next week because half the team will be suspended...
the other night a dark man dressed in a black suit introduced me to #mascato. was classic.
Yay Perla is making one too ;D
great work, i look amazing lol
people going in on Rick Perry like we didn't have a two term president that did stuff like this all the time
Thanks for following, Verve! If you're ever in the mood for a tune about batman or a hooker or whatever your fave nerds are here!
I'm a girl. I overreact. I underestimate. I overestimate. I over think everything. I dream big. And when I say I love you, I'm not lying.
do u have some advice how to be beautiful as u are? Btw do ya have bff? <3
I'm pretty sure I'm in tonight's episode of #Touch. Look for my hair in the NYC street scene! And hopefully I don't look stupid...
i got the GOLDEN ticket to go vaca w/justin bieber!!!!!!!!!!!
Lodge Team Six does work on the gift basket once again
says "oh, i thought you might be from israel, because of your accent." needless to say, that made her pretty amazing
I hope he's being good for you :) have fun!
business : If Twitter were high school #Gemini would have the lowdown on who's cool and who's not and they of course would be cool
RIP Jani Lane
i really hope someone asks how jerry is.
Good idea. I assume it's one those fans used on movie sets to simulate hurricanes?
Pillow fort construction is an art & a science. Bravo to the New York Times!!! I build a fort for living room homework extravaganza.
I'm Inspired By People Who Goals Inspire Me
VEN A URUGUAY PLEASE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
I wish these faggot ass cops will let a nigga live.
its the TSA
it was a damn joke
just made my year brighter by rapping again, do your thing scotty
Ah, it must have been Thanks for that! Great talk,
yeah, they actually draft useful players. Imagine that.
lol Jess! Please dont #lie to me!
Need to move ass and submit- cold weather makes me lazy.
made my day :) have a wonderful Easter with your amazing family!
Home, having a cuppa and studying
Just finished reading Jesus Land, by Julia Scheeres. So good, so heartbreaking.
Wishing all our US clients Happy Thanksgiving and BIG thank you to our analysts are working today to support our clients.
nice gonna go surfing? Lol
Hot new arrivals in LUCI ... enjoy 50% off by mentioning twitter! We are testing the results from this!
no you can't move back I have to have a roommate in cali in two years! But I do miss you all:)
I love the smell of breakfast in the morning :]
Try not do or do not.
seriously!! I'm in Mayfair for inspection needing coffee and refuse DD
OMG . . . . things are gonna get easy some day
Where's the place to go in Chicago after the NCAA Tournament games?
The Nielsen Company reported those 45 and younger are now sending more text messages a month (236) than making phone calls (223).
You know you're getting old when you catch yourself thinking that the trees used to be smaller
No, able-bodied 20-something year old guy outside of CVS, I will NOT give you some change. If I can work everyday, so can you. Get a job!!
the BB is a bass preamp
We loved rockin out with you bro!!! Lets do it again SOON!!!
I (and imdb) are calling shenanigans. In so much as all canadiens are actually the same people, sure.
hope you're feeling ok!
Where should I put my tattoo shop? Getting ready to look for locations soon.
Haha. My phone isn't smart so I have to tweet on my Apple before I leave my house.
#DIY #DepthSounding efforts using #Arduino and other COTS technology. #wherecamptb2012 interesting use-cases.
So many creepy ppl
yea , im bored !
for sure!
Bestbuy has it on sale. Full kit with the 28-135 is $1500. With filters, xtra bat, mem card etc comes to $1900..must resist urge
Just got home from #LeftForum. Much love to , and for hanging with me and all weekend. <3
LMFAO is the ___________ of the current generation. Is the answer C+C Music Factory? Barenaked Ladies? Or another group.
It would take more effort to develop all of that stuff from scratch than to totally overhaul 2010 visually, in my opinion.
Yum! You think those cupcakes are vegan?? ;)
please do!
Thank you for your support and retweets!
#tech2012 nobody wants big govt., but important limited role. Not a b&w issue of regulation vs. deregulation.
GRRR. Hospital assures me routine lab work is fully covered, then sends me a $280 bill. Why does this business model still exist?!?!?!?!?!?!
girls are legitt so pathetic i cann't
what chu doing ?
Please keep my knee in your prayers
Anyone who says 'Easy as taking candy from a baby', has never tried it. - Anonymous
you are an idiot
Tonight and Saturday at 7:30pm. We
Clara Bingham believes abortionists should pay a "punitive tax" to cover the lost tax revenue from the population that never was
Also big thanks to
Tivo has no idea what's on. What am I paying them for?
bruh you should know how much a lineman can change a team
Google ice cream sandwich software will be out at end of year. Yum.
Who is this Russell Wilson character?
You ain't got no pancake mix!
RT : Today and tomorrow devoted to final planning-can't wait to see everyone this weekend!
is watching my favorite movie of all time "Crooklyn"
But I'm soo happy he's living his dreams!
haven't tried it myself. but hear it gets LARGE props. based on work by and -used to load a billion triples
FUNKY TOWN! Have a good show out there!
I'm curious who will the Packers select with there first round pick?
Yes please do I will watch for it=)
sure thing. (if there are any left)
I love the SyFy channel! #IAmNerd don't judge me! LOL
whats wrong????? I gotcha back!!;)
to bad your fav Texas fan can't get you the game 1 ticket
Ive got to be honest The Help made me tear up a bit...
Happy Reconnecting , Hope you are doing well :)
I slept really well on SuperMoon
We blame doctors for not participating... but let's be honest, how ePatients APPROACH doctors is just as important
Correx: Our last reader today was Angela Penaredondo, whose poem "At the Concrete River" carries September-December 2010.
Glad to hear you are feeling better. Nothing like natural remedies. Bi Yan Pian will help long term and is not addicting.
Focus on calories. If you think a 300 cal meal has 650 cal, you'll dial down eating.
RT this post if you moisturize your arms and legs daily to achieve rich and glowing skin.
The comments on Phil Collins youtube videos are very entertaining
Lol u may havnt answered my Q bout those letters,but this tweet confirms that im right.Have a happy Easter Criss,God loves u.bri
love you more
I could care less whether you're the VP of #HBO or a cashier at Duane Reade. If you're an asshole, you're an asshole.
A day off to walk the course....priceless!
we will keep you posted. :)
insights about our hmong, chicano, african american students...i'm trying to read & learn more to create a space for stu +
Brandon is amazing. <3
Listening to Philip Glass through actual speakers for the 1st time. Untold basslines and other delights. World's happiest dweeb, right here.
tell her ,you are in a serious relationship, lol so she can stop kissing up 2 u.
Do u got SWAG ?
What a way 2 kick off our season last night! Capacity crowd @ 2640 Space 2 hear play Xenakis.Doesn't get much better than that!
Check out our new website!!!
just cause its doesn't mean u can tweet nonsense about #JLO. I dont see tweeting about
: "Today, a ferocious focus on the few--most important--things."
Its been a long day!....
Alcoa Misses Already Lowered Profits Forecasts
thank you:)
Yes it is, i can just tell
Pitino canceling his contract with Rallys because of
no I so not have any plctures of your mom.you will have to ask her for one
i left when you did
Broken link?
The letter that I got from today was awesome
thank you for retweeting!
I LOVE . white house correspondent's dinner was wonderful!!
if they're willing/eager to learn
FREE COFFEE TOMORROW!
no kidding!
Is true. PS gotta buy my noah gunderson/lemolo ticket. That show is gonna be so groovy.
Just one. Ever had the Mexi-Diggler with chili and cheese?
I would if I was there! Go look at my twic pic of me bent over!
that's awesome I wanna see you in phx but I'm a little on the broke side these days! ;)
#idol Josua Ledet one of the best ever on AI.
You would think, the closer it get to graduation THE LESS work you would have t(-_-t)
Going to go get pizza now
The necropsy performed on a bear killed in Lino Lakes last night found apples in its stomach... evidence that someone had been feeding it.
One who understands much displays a greater simplicity of character than one who understands little.Alexander Chase
YouTube is rolling out its live streaming product slowly, had recent success with key partners
How about we stave off some arctic temperatures with overt racism, and a dose of
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. Elbert Hubbard
So, #NBA owned Hornets trading Chris Paul to the #LAKERS. Conspiracy theorists couldn't have asked for a better Christmas present.
Dogtown and the Z-Boys Doc on ESPNClassic!!!
lol funny. Would you happen to have a tumblr?
enjoying last day of an exhausting but exciting GDC... didn't realize I could walk so far or meet so many people
Well whoever wrote them for us to pick is stupid as fuck.
Money's the leash, drag a bitch by her dog collar
Ms. Lawly (our career advice coach): What do you plan to be when you grow up, Katelyn? Me: An erotic dancer.
sure I'll follow :)
everything happens for a reason IG”
Medical malpractice needs reforming...
Where the hell did the time go?!
Bout to got to bed
That settles it. We're going next time I'm in the OC. And we're going in your minivan, right ?
You will/should feel protected, not scared, but as it states in the beginning, Actor; so, Actor-y list it is.
I guess I should give up for the night and just go to bed. I'll let the wind put me to sleep. See you guys tomorrow!
Hey, thanks for the #ff!
I'm shopping them - shoot me your email
OBSESSED WITH KIMBRAAAA
tortoise! :P Yeaah. I think is my favorite day of the year.
Hey why did I wake up to find 5 guys sleeping in the living room? Next time invite me to our own orgies.
I'M NOT QUICK TO FORGIVE BECAUSE PEOPLE DON'T USUALLY MAKE JUST ONE MISTAKE... ;-|
Just ran into Mink Stole in the lobby of our Baltimore hotel.
GSA meeting today at noon in the Graduate Lounge (JO 3.930), or on Twitter with hashtag #utdgsa. See you there!
Nice and warm in the #UMBC library this morning! Come visit!
Tmrw Feb 4th Americus GA DJ Crazy c The G&S Band & Juice Soul Grown & Sexy doors open at 10 B There!! www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records. ~William Arthur Ward
Songs are getting mastered over the next few days. We're so excited about this release. Anyone else excited? Do we have friends on twitter?
I am eating lunch with a couple of young people who have no clue who Donna Summer is
: premise on option four is slighted by the nature of the phrasing, IMO
RT : It can take 2-3 weeks to identify source of a food pathogen outbreak, says CDC expert.
Today I'm going to ride bikes with , go to Svensk "Williamsburg", and check out Kaknästornet, the radio tower. Again, hurra!
Who are the best coffee PPL in MD that can provide a fully automated machine?
Hey thanks for following me :)
loving austin.
I don't have a meet and greet with them. I wish I did. I signed up on their website. I hope I win one.
i had a foot long subway at 10 in the morning yesterday haha, was good
S/O to all our recent followers. Thank you thank you thank you.
I love me some
#F1 Debrief on !
and the graphic nature...lots I had never heard about/considered lmao
lol no that was just posted on facebook
lol me too that and so co I just like to drink lol
Facebook's "happening now" feature will increase the relevancy of the platform. It's a much-needed tool for them.
Live life to the fullest. : Neva RT : lol sometimes life gets in the way
contact me I have low prices
Every time I sit me and my fiance!Quarrel over who will get a reply from you! please I want to get a reply from you!Please Please!!
Both. Why would it be important for you as a patent to provide your child with a Catholic education.
Fuck You Suck Me !
Hi! Just wanted you to know that we'll be reaching out to you soon. Looking forward to showing you a demo.
yes! agreed! very epic!! lol!! my hubby wants a jeep, that will more than likely be our next purchase.... :)
Go Behind The Scenes Of Skyfall With Daniel Craig, Javier Bardem And Berenice Marlohe Talking Bond.
wall street isn't a business, but yes that's the way biz works, more profit means u can expand your business
A Christian Association followed me this morning, HA!
haha what's mean??
I have decided to go for a walk
love you too omg, flattered!!!
Have a happy Easter!
I need a license and a smartcar I can take to the store once ina while.
Who else is headed to Philadelphia tomorrow for PLA? (besides you, )
Painting and listening to movie scores. So far it's been Conan and The 13th Warrior. Music of Ennio Morricone coming up next.
oh good, the plumber has returned. Now I can continue to sit here and listen to him talk to himself.
No love quite meets up to that 1st love (not sex, LOVE). U can love again but like they say about crack, U're chasing that 1st high. my Mom
Things happen that are as questions, spends a minute or years, and then life says
Great road win. and Heat tied 1-1. Come back to Indy boys. We are all ready for you!
Get the convenience of the keypad lock & peace of mind of the built-in alarm lock all in one! Check it out on Pinterest!...
Stevie Wonder is beast!!! Amazing piano player and singer he rodent let being blind get in his way he is amazing!!! :) <3
Pretty sure three of my classes next semester are gonna have like 5-10 people in it.
off to the studio WITHOUT cody... ugh, i miss him ):
did something happen when I wasn't there?
That was a pretty amazing drive.
So what's up with all these fight videos on Facebook....my goodness, smh
Good morning everyone. Have a terrific Friday!
I just bought the winning ticket! RT : Mega Millions jackpot hits record $500 million - next drawing is Friday night
At names his twitter name after his idol, Vicious who stole JOBS & FUTURES from Americans
File complaint in space provided: There's an empty patch Where my gold star ought a be - Metaphorically
Big Sunday Funday ahead of us tonight at STUDIO PARIS!
I'm missing the USA/Finland game. Fucking dammit. Wish I could've called in sick today. =/
RT : ...time to rest up! tomorrow night...maybe a little and Stout Graduation on Saturday
I sometimes speculate that Gould is horribly misinterpreted by everyone. I was in utter awe of Thirty-Two Short Films ..
haaai I am great! How r u?
Anybody want to talk?
YOU BETTER COME
Broken hearts and shattered dreams.
haha I meant date.
just outside my house
It is important to your success to know "WHY?" you are doing what you are doing...
Jeff Gordon captures his 71st career pole (191.623) after run at Talladega
#c4l12 - RESTful - Can support both resource- and action-oriented worldviews. Confusing for developers.
Our artist lineup is growing everyday check out the new artists with Poised Creation.
“The unselfish effort to bring cheer to others will be the beginning of a happier life for ourselves.” - Helen Keller
have fun little one!!!
I keep sneezing for some unknown reason. I think I'm allergic to stress!
Follow me please. <3
Today is the last day of the Garden Expo at Alliant Energy Center-Exhibition Hall! Ends at 4 p.m.
RT : Bicycles are an odd scapegoat for our budget and transportation challenges.
Fabulous suggestions and beautiful photos :) Thanks for sharing!
.i really want a new camera ...
#bookaday GRIN AND BEAR IT by Leo Landry. Fun early chapter book.
One more day of this school week.
just finished consult with instructor planning on using GIS and photos in her class; w/iPad could bring up examples together
oh. Thanks so so so so much!
im going to sleep now so hmu at 7:30
anyone else stoked for American Horror Story?! I know we aree
hey pretty! You're pretty too, antonio.
I recommend American History Museum. Something for everyone. Amazing place.
Chad Kroeger, "HERO" OH YEAH...where is my SPIDERMAN?????
I wish there was a bacon machine that one could program to automatically make bacon at a certain time every morning. Works for coffee...
The Magic Book of Answers suggests that finding love tomorrow is something you won't forget...
Use it baby. “: Using hoot suite thanks to
Emily loves getting her shoes taken away <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
EUGENE HERE!!!!! LOL
So sore... Oh well, off to class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I wasn't...but read quotes from Cuddyer, Gardy, and others. Not overwhelming support for Joe.
Everyone turn on national geographic channel now
Five films 2day at #wifilmfest last 3: child exploitation, the fallacy of pink ribbons, gay activist Vito Russo. Now, vodka tonics. Many.
Now I have a headache!
You are so fake. Real tree drinks say not for city boys I think its not meant for guys like you too.
I'd like to have a big push again...anyone willing to suggest my idea to their friends for support of the page???
Chillin talking shit with the Bros
Like, I really should have made the caloric jump for several pints of Ben & Jerry's.
don't be shocked that the chick u met off of twitter ain't shit like she presented herself to be while she is online.
Good luck!
Thanks boss man! RT : HBD Bro!!!
Late night Steak N Shake would seriously make this the best night ever.
Milwaukee!! 1:00 a.m. Saturday near Water and Holton streets.Pedestrian Injured After Being Hit By Vehicle. Watchout people !!!!!
Try our groupon now deal tonight ! Only $10 for a large 1 topping pizza!4 available, they go quick!
Why haven't we hooked up yet? Your famous, I'm famous, it seems like a win win. Have your person call my entourage.
help me find a new job so I can get a new #vwbeetle. first person who does gets to drive it.
Miss you brother!
My Bengals have the best draft this year
~Thx so mucn.....have a great weekend!
Makes me sad seeing couples together :( I miss
I'm just gonna TRY my very best to stop thinking about it and pretend you never came back into my life
no it was for casper....yes it was for you :-)
"but gladly everyday imke my dsughter happy" :)
Yoga today-First headstand and first REAL back bend. Thanks Rebecca for teaching me your wisdom!!!
what am i doin sitting here wishing my date tonight was instead of this jerk i gotta deal with,good thing he dnt have twitter
Finally home
Giving up voting for Tech in the game day poll. Now voting for Nebraska.
I don't know why but I'm just not a big fan of the boogaloo
Love your Twitter profile pic!
She said "Stick your balls in as well"
with a partner of the opposite sex more than I do with having/wanting kids....
I love calming people down from a major freak out.
Amazing how much better my morning is when I start with just 20min. of yoga :-)
won't you teleport 2 me.
In relationships ur gonna fight & argue but before the day ends just try to fix the problem & let it be known you love each other.
Ha! I try to keep it simple, being baking challenged and all.
Im gonna be on tv wassup
Rather use it towards beer...then charity!!!
stay fresh
You're funny looking alright, but nothing like these creatures.
You know how the iPhone shows a city for the number that's calling? Recently found out mines shows Montebello. :-( <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Did you see the Easter Bunny on this morning? In case you missed him hop over to #Alpenrose tomorrow morning, he'll be there ;)
Probably (finally) seeing Cabin in the Woods tonight! So ridiculously excited, especially for the Fran Kranz!
Took the cat to the vet. All seems well. I guess he just pukes every day because he finds us cleaning it up HILARIOUS. Can't blame him.
There's no way I can be turnt up with no voice
Amazing Race :D
had one I believe. RT : Does anyone have a recipe for a good ginger cake? Little bit of spice but still sweet?
nothing better than a scratched up back
I wanna! Mamas being mean doe because I'm driving her car.
Thank you for the follow!
Yes! Must play and the last couple times you have found the cash icon in no time! We are excited to have you play again!
you two are something else
aww what a nice surprise! Pls kit!
Sign quick we need ya! Fans like no where else i promise you that!
Thank you I will send her your regards.
Kaibigan hosting it's annual Pilipino Culture Night this Saturday at 5PM starting at $10. Price increase at the door so get yours today!
Trying not to think about the failed health inspection while I brunch
nah i'm in jersey for the summer
"Sunnyside is a place of ruin and despair, ruled by an evil bear who smells of strawberries!" xD Toy Story 3 Film
manager's getting it towed!
School districts need to revisit policies that relieve parents and students of their responsibilities.
follow me
Reading an Interesting list of the top 25 advertisers per search engine for June 2009 that Adgooroo put out.
Sick again. You know what that means... Dexter marathon.
Hot today, rain with cold front tomorrow. Change of seasons wardrobe. Meanwhile editing goes on.
aaron says hi :)
My wife has me watching it every now & then! SMH!
#didyouknow? the #secret to #mcdonalds world famous fries is the #potatoes. they only use the #best potatoes.
Thxs Kevin! :) MT : /Bob really enjoyed this weeks please keep up the good work!
no heart for me??
just got in. can we text i need my best crazy funny loud best friend :(
Can't think straight now
Today is Bring Your Child To Work Day! Does your work participate?
Big day today...
boyle was left speechless by hamilton's performance let's be honest
I hope is open late so I can bus out there for beer and all my convenience store needs, like plungers and protein bars.
Pretty damn satisfied with my day of mind-blowing, ass-kicking theatre.
me neither.. I would be lost and confused lol
did you download a twitter app on your iPad yet? I think your first tweets are pretty good!
Although there are several ways that you can buy a home, pre foreclosure is one of the best!
#hiphoped imagine a curriculum created WITH the students!
hey, follow
We think the Boys will make a fine addition to the initiative and would most certainly not dissapoint! #AvengersAssemble !
#BackInElementarySchool I used to say I wish we had no teachers then we could do whatever we wanted
agreed, or you just gotta watch some really old ones from the 80's and 90's
Ted, thank you for the FF shout, my Super Friends! Enjoy a restfully fun weekend!
#Chelsea gives a penalty!
who will be
LOL! Help! I should call you. I have TweetDeck up but I can't figure out how to reply without going to the Twitter web site!
Happy Easter, Jermaine! We miss you in Indy!! Blessings, Suzanne :)
Working on my third proposal this week! Can't u just send me a check?
lol i know .
: text per se is not data
2DAY IS MAH B-DAY SO I'M NOT GANNO BE ON HERE 2DAY......... WAIT MAYBE I AM *MUAH*
Lmao ! And you hit me in the face with your gatorade later on !
Everyone can be an #entrepreneur if they have the drive and a idea. #Actors use your creativity to your advantage!
lol love u all too!! <333
I just applied for a meeting!
HEY GUYS I THINK ONE OF US SMELLS?
see whenever i meet a celebrity, i don't cry like most girls do. i almost throw up and feel high. :D
haha yeah. Was there like a red rocket ship on top of the theatre?
Michael brockers, Ron brooks, josh chapman, Lionel smith, mario Louis
Stay posted for an upcoming improv jam this Sunday!
Annual Membership Meeting TUESDAY at 6 p.m. RSVP at 242-0737.
Sure, no prob. I'll text you later. I'll see what Meg and Lance are doing too.
We've got it too. It does hurt. :-( And we are on vacation!
Photo of fire that AFD is fighting at Mountain and 1st. #ABQ yfrog.com/ntqt1edj
Going to bed. Basketball in the morning
Woodman's commercials piss me off.
Big fan of your shoq. A friend showed me "50 fists" I watched it twice in a row the first time. is the MAN!!
It'd be nice if I had someone reliable in my life.
Happy Friday To all;)
See!! I wasn't crazy :) RT : BTW I drove by and saw the gold ball, and its UP! Just thought you should know. HA!
Shelby! Email me your address...I want to send you something for graduation.
Looks like I need a new bottle of Bulleit.
They really let Becky Q. behind the wheel of a Ferrari?
RT turn-of-the-century manufacturing buildings become catalysts for development, economic growth.
Thanks Molly!
I usually don't watch the all the grammys but I really wanted to see Nicki manaj performance... I'm literally
Like the farm subsidies that go to agribusinesses to make HCF for McDonalds? Well, maybe not that bad. #I'llstoprantingnow
u r crazy!
not nearly as much as I'd like. Lack of time! You?
I love that song! :)
RT ": #PinkPost I am strong and ready for the challenges that may come #affirmation"
Will do!
A big thanks to the Metro State Roadrunners Volleyball Team for putting on a clinic for our Volleyball Players last night!
The Duggar Family should all move on an island and Rick Santorum should be their king.
SE Bmore, borders Belair Edison and Lower Herring Run. Used to be Claremont-Freedom.
Relaxation CDs - Welcome to the Greatest Relaxation CDs Store on the Web! Including Guided Relaxation CDs, Brainwave CDs, Nature CDs......
headline grabbing but no depth! Would love to know what a pre and post round meal would be!
Why do bands have bass players? To translate for the drummer.
"This was Cambridge, after all. Where else did one recruit spies?"—from Ian McEwan's latest fiction, in the magazine Monday.
how much a piece like that run ya? I got a toro too, but it ain't a beast like that one!
So excited to be singing tonight at ! Its going to be a fun time :)
Whatever, still proud to be an #Aztec!!!
If you are in Nashville and ain't been to sing for your supper, you're missin out!
: no prob! Hope it's a great day!!
you truly are a peach. What would I do without you?
is it my and Whitney's gift?!
Fray, Turn-Based Strategy Game Enters First Beta Phase Brain Candy's upcoming strategy title has been slowly evolving throughout the deve
think their attack would be better if they went 4-3-3
enjoy! Looks like a beautiful night for a game in
lol, niether do i! i guess will find out when we get there, and same here! i want to meet you too! :)
#FF Great seminar with them recently in Buffalo NY!
Why don't you come to for drinks and a bite! I think the "Death After Dark" cocktail is perfect for you!
Shout out to follow her!...she follows back
21st-century anyone? RT : For less than the cost of operating the #USPS a printer could be installed in every house. Adam Fish
what's your email?!
If I didn't stamp it, it ain't official.
david foster wallace?
What can I say? Justin Bieber is always showing his love for us, I'm so proud of him. I'm a true belieber
Think princess found a biffieeeee
CALL FOR VOLUNTEERS to help us renovate starting end of Dec. through Feb. free beer!free food! get @ us! <3
The electronic music vibe and great lyrics (+singing)! Listening to it all the time right now.
Boycotting 2012 I will not see it who's with me!!!!!
Thomas is counting on being close to us!
Reading tweets & the CPD has stopped the from performing @ the House of Blues because of lyrical content I smell Bullshit
I need to have a shower soon
I have to ask my very favorite healthy food blogger for tips on good gluten free bakeries in #Chicago! Any recommendations?
Our Spring Dinner Dance begins in less than one hour! Stay tuned for live tweets covering the dinner and auction.
Y'all realize that most Lonely Chicks have atleast 1 Kid.. After her Baby Daddy left, she gave up on Love! :)
Eating old cheese spread was not such a smart idea. Belly ache.
Fox News is reporting that Brad and Angelina are engaged. So... that means they're really NOT, right?
Reno is burning. It is striking to wake up to the south all smoke and fire.
Hahaha. I hope I brought it!! ;)
Had a long day out partying now i cant fall asleep
the whole Bernard tapie thing is an 8 month long April Fools joke IMO
“: Come on Irene, oh I swear what he means...at this moment - you mean everything”
Are any of you planning to watch TED live next week?
Hey I love y'all! I'm so happy!
Uh YES! We just need someone to get us on base :) I'm sure we can find a nice gentleman to escort us!
is pooped. I just gave an hour lecture highlighting anthro theories including: neoliberalism, hegemony, pol. economy and structure/agency.
*You have to believe in happiness, or happiness never comes.- Douglas Malloch
China is a big country, inhabited by many Chinese. ~ Charles De Gaulle
very lovely pic of u and your son!!!
crowder is a beast and the guard play is good, do you think #mu can win it all?
Private dog training started today. Doing clicker training. Fancy is wore out and asleep already!
Yeah,I agree. If priv. is brought up irrelevantly just to discredit someone without addressing her arg., it's priv. baiting.
Rs are also worried that Romney is Bob Dole 2.0 w/o the Bronze Star. Two very poor options at this point.
didn't mean to send that yet. I meant in a husng someone cbing 100% over one sng isn't a sign of overcbetting
Im pretty mad that we didn't win our basketball game i really hate losing but i guess their are always gana be bumps in the road :(
what are you favorite and least favorite things about recruiters?
Get to see Tim today!! Also gonna show him my Prom dress!! #Excited!!!
you get mad when i dont text you back, but when i do you don't. t(-_-)t whateverr dude. 2 can play this game. GAME ON!
Have a messeage behind your music.
I LOVE THE READY SET!
Found us!
Snow again tonight!! Thought we were finished with all that. sigh..........
awh :D I miss those times(:
Crazy long wait at #AT&T store
I've made chili, worked on my car, played frisbee with dog, and even skated today. Now time for work.
are you going to have a new P.O. box?
Nicoles annoying me
Good morning del I hope you have great day
Can you help me study for a midterm?
no it ain't , but whatever . Thas on u then , we was about ta leave
The cauliflower currently steaming in my kitchen smells SO DELICIOUS. Can't wait to dig in! #foodnerd #lovesveggies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
You can go back in time and see The Beatles, Led Zeppelin or Queen (the bands that got the most responses today) live. Which do you pick?
She's Super Talented!!!
My mum just made me dumb mad, gonna come in my room saying it's trifling and disrespectful when it's nowhere near it. Ill show her it though
Let's go Rice! "RT It wasn't pretty, but Rice pulls out win against U of H, 4-3. Let's win series tomorrow." cc :-)
Bucks have a better chance to beat out the Sixers anyway
I wish I had a delete button in my life. To delete some people, some memories, and some feelings.
GAHHHH , I'm so bored at home I can't read my timeline but I can send tweet and receive .
An interactive character will help educate and stop bullying before it begins.
Amazing. I never thought I would live to see this. The times they are a-changin', indeed. Thanks for the info!
I live for my self not for you or anybody else, I make money for me not youu nn I live life to the fullest cause god gave me the chance.
you are in so much trouble young lady!
Looking for a femme fatale, little person PI, and a villain for our series. Not typical hollywood types. Eccentrics who have really lived.
Red Lobster with my grandma and grandpa! #yum <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
And No I Wont Never Ever Give You Up !
once a week would be nice!
most interesting question in US Census Survey - "what time do you leave for work?" I guess to gauge need for alternative transportation?
Like us on FACEBOOK! AT Facebook.com/tragedycalledtruth
#oomf is an amazing christian dude who's song #boyfriend is just as amazing and his name rhymes with bustin fevers ;) hehe
Hi Friends! Thank you to recent followers! So glad to connect with you on this Twitter-Rollercoaster :) Enjoy the Ride!! :D
This Complete EZMarketing Tool.Tell me What U Think?My E: on Dmand Webinar www.Video-TV-Email.com
Want to make your computer go really fast? Throw it out the window! ~ Anon
WIN! RT : I'll have you know I just spit out my tea reading your text. All over my work. But I don't even care! HAHA!
Only rel to love!Follow me back
We were running out of pizza dough, I run out to get and my car dies. How much can I take? Trying and sometimes failing. Oye!
hit me up homie. we in this bitch
good good just chillin!!!! can u DM me plz=]
On my way to Awards Gala.
I FOLLOWED XD
Yep my baby brother is 18?!?! Ah!!!! HAPPY BIRFFFDAYYYYYY!!!! Xoxoxoxo!!! Love you!!!
I'll txt ya
Thank You!! He may have an audience, and they may need loans, but the country does NOT need him.
Getting more familiar with my African music collection. There's some good stuff in here I didn't know about.
THANKS TOO BAD NO ONE IS HOME TO DRIVE ME I WILL GO NEXT WEEK! Do I need to fill an application out?
#FirstMovement: Follow the people!
“: what is homework?” who tf knows
I'm not sure I hate anything more than when a napkin sticks to my drink when I pick it up.
Haha have you put your two cents in yet?
“La chance sourit aux audacieux.” - Fortune favors the brave.
Finally on break
also just to tell u I also play hockey
It wasn't our honor it was Although we are patriotic employers too.
Happy Friday everyone!
the rain what else
So excited for my daughter, Mattie, for being selected to sing the National Anthem @ #TheHembyCup #HockeyGame on Oct. 22 @ 1pm
Maybe I should put on pants.
Democracy is hypocrisy without limitation. -Iskander Mirza
obviously Mia doesn't dig physics. Her field is paleontology. Play to your audience, dude.
a shout out to my new follower
How many of you get insurance on your phone? I sure do.
love this!!
“: follow me back please<33(:” followed
Loudest I've ever heard this building is when Richie just scored. Let's make it louder by burying the winner.
Suicidal Thoughts has been my song since 8th grade.
that's a draw between and CHICAGO'S finest ! \m/
Looks like hacking is going on 3 more dms from u!
you little tweeter
can u send me the link to boyfriend plz?
#All My Children is being canceled. What a run. For people my age, daytime soaps were such an epic part of the world we grew up in.
Fu Man Joe. I told you it might work. But get rid of it tomorrow.
you need to join We are having a fantasic convo on state politics.
Think tank rooms buzzing with ideas. Can't wait for report backs after luncheon.
So I ordered my first Gluten free Vegan cookbook. We are doing mostly vegan to help our blood pressure when I eat red meat my bp skyrockets
Why people always gotta fight somebody? That dont resolve anything
AWESOME NITE WITH GROOVE JUNKIES PLEASE FOLLW BACK
Itz ok big bro..I've been busy with my dance crew too...
Tough decisions are usually the right ones. RT : "3-star OL Caleb Stacey has decommitted, wants to stay home & attend U-Cincy.
"the man" you guys are crazy had keem jelly lol
Get safe, Oklahoma City Metro! Baseball size hail and tornados are headed your way.
lol i know I have said the same thing! Dice K was eating fried chicken and playing video games. Lol
look it was unusual for you to go ballistic when Kc 3-14. Gone 11-6 since. My point now same as then is its a long season but
I say we end the day with the latest
I think the bills take a big step this year
$18 to mail a 6"x9" padded envelope that weighs less than 3 ounces? I don't frakkin' think so!
So many movies out/coming out that I wanna see
So you know that terrible album that keeps showing up in your heavy rotation? Yeah, that was me.
I know ! Lol
Blair and Diaw are looking at mariachi coyote like wth?
great to meet you! Hope we made it worth your wait...
Back in the LAB in the morning Diego here we come!!!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Can't wait to cross the finish line! I've the mile 9 feelin. Another running + is endurance training carries over to busy days @ the office.
My TL can NOT take any more ignorance.
i didnt get to talk to or last night. im so sad :(
Im Ready To See #ASAP At Rtb, Cant Wait To Order My Tickets Satuday :DD
You still in the area? I live 15 minutes from KSC and my dad worked there for 30 years. Great tour.
She say she heard i was a wild one...only one way 2 find out ;)
I'm working
Oh, I know. You folks across the pond have issues with singular and plural nouns. We just smile politely! =)
Wow. RT : in today's era ... Amazing. RT “: Verlander 50th straight start 6+ innings. Only others: Gibson,Carlton,Hunter
Hahaha, I love how everyone paused HUSTLERS LOVE ATL to figure out last tweet. RESUME. :P
Saw horrible bosses it was horrible that's all I can say :/
“: about to watch Jason goes to hell”
@ all of hwy 287 to Amarillo is a speed trap. Especially near Esteline
who? Polythene Pam! She's the kind of a girl that makes the news of the world.. "John Lennon" Abbey Road.
Young women in Chechnya
your a strange one boy.
Just went out again and did the routine about 4 times...pretty good...
Live life with no regrets, setbacks, or excuses. In this life, you have to claim your spot & take what you want. No handouts RT
big brother couple needs to go!
And radiolarian cupcakes! : Margaret Wertheim at #MarineSublime: Nature has this tremendous way of realizing mathematic ideas.
Didn't get to finish my late homework,&my homework that was due today disappeared.great -___-
it's the best and the only thing we can do :)
oh hey and what happen cuz u have changed like ur a diff person literally
Thank you for the follow!
doesn't matter you're there so its caliente ;D
Your on my mind all day
You can't change the past but you can let it go.
LOL I know right!!
Thanks for the kind words! We're working on a new album right now that you're sure to love.
dear future, i bought you. i own the rights.
Man, that chicken sandwich was so good! #abq #nottoosoon #tweetsfromlastlunch - Sarah K.
10g per day increase in alcohol in women associated w 7-10% increased risk of breast cancer. 1 beer contains 13g & 4oz glass of wine 11g
I caved in and went to class. Finished everything within an hour :)
. and more power to them...but damn they are creepy! The Hello Kitty one made a kid burst into tears today!
just kidding.
what does the google docs integration entail?
Openings in Detroit: .Net / SharePoint Developers, Technical Project Managers and Coordinators, Flash Developers, and PHP Web Developers.
next time - I promise!
U thnk life a game but all u gt is a turn
lol o! Ok:} can i have a hint lol
Craving nutella right now :(
sorry for the delay. Stop by anytime between 745am and 430pm and we would be happy to help.
that kind of deliberation when you're picking gifts really does make giving a joy instead of a chore. have a great holiday
stressing me out,
#YeahhBuddyy you excited for #travisporter to be in #pcb when we are .?
Bunny ears of freedom?
RT : Whatever you do in your life, make sure it has meaning...and do it with passion!
Fans hang banners!
hell yea I feel you, but had to get from there, NMB wasn't going to give me any looks
Trying to find decent tickets to the games in Atlanta. Any #BBN got 2 extras for me and my wife? ;)
Question of the day: What is the value of being on the first page of Google for your business?
message was sent in error via campus alert system. Explanation is forthcoming. WHEW
Listening to say anything and wishing i was at mandy k instead of doing chores... GO CHOKE ON YOUR IRONY! I love max bemis!
on the phone thinking about what it could have been
are my favorite Des Moines band and it will be the first time seeing them live!
I look pretty damn good in a suit
Join us May 11th at 6pm for FREE food/drinks, dancing & prizes at the QBar's Gala Opening. RSVP on Facebook, to be eligible to win prizes!
Lol! It's a cute outfit, at least.
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage. I'm afraid it did. OOPS!!!
People who act hard , inside they just want 2 be loved
when's your next event ?
No cllue what 's ustream was about today...
hey luke!
Nothing unites the shadowy forces of the penny lobby like a proposal to stop production. Prepare to meet the wrath of Big Penny.
legitfitclothing(at)gmail.com
Oh I SO love that.
you said if i followed thebieberbear you world get me 80 followers
we would do the same here. They need the education for the future and just don't get it yet.
"He himself was not the light; he came only as a witness to the light."John 1:8. We're here as witnesses to point to Christ, the true Light.
I suspect a lot of the votes "for" don't have gays as neighbors, or even know any.
There's a new face in the GC Accounting department this week! We're always excited to have new people--blog introduction coming soon!
wow...i need to get training on how to use twitter more effectively
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>In only a quarter of a century u've accomplished so much, w/ much more 2 come. PROUD OF U! HBD cuz! Love you! <U+2764>OOP~YIP!
everybody loves a Wisconsin girl!
we did not mean to be exclusionary. That section is from our sister site & not sure why it was picked. I will pass on your note!
My pleasure! RT Thx for the RT | Newsletter: Solutions for Working Moms - Back-to-School Survival Tips conta.cc/pBknGX
Technically, I think it's a non-Newtonian fluid. Still, smart girl.
Just woke up! Oopss lol Feeling great though!
Great idea. RT : I was going to suggest you consider my emailers letter as a subject for
totally agree. We use Facebook for everything with our group. Gotta go where the students are hanging out online!
Woke up early to meditate my mind
Gratitude is the doorway to abundance...CHOOSE TO BE GRATEFUL!!
Guarantee you they will find more if they look into it. Kids dont just start going to Baylor. I know for a fact.
Sprit of Excellence Health Fair !!
FREE Desktop Wallpaper Calendar – May 2012 « Aspiring Images ...
Writing about #sustainability at #UNM. Adobe system doesn't recognize "sustainability" and keeps marking it as misspelled. This irks me.
NEW POTENT DANK BARGAIN STRAINS IN: Strawberry Cough $35/8th; White Widow $30/8th; Grape Crush $30/8th! Full Menu at WEEDMAPS.com! HAPPY 420
Hey everyone, check out our new design!
Hello Luciane, it is good to see you here. Did you get my message on Facebook? I wait for your order.
there are many politicians who have taken a stance on an issue that I may not agree but wouldn't encourage anyone not 2 vote
i know! i'm officially in love with this actress!!!
Nice! I've been curious about The Glass Castle ...
Things are going well! You and Don must have attended the same conf. Great blog today! Thanks!
Voters have become, basically, spoiled children. Last two elections about showing politicians who is boss. Guess what? They are.
Ya know..shout outs wouldnt be bad. (:
Thanks, Laura. Glad you like it. Sorry the sets are all sold out. But please follow as we may reprint. Thanks!
you would never be second string with me :))
#tweetless Derek Burns becomes !!!
#mythoughtsatschool when the fuck is this class over
ill bet someone knows stole her iphone.
ahh I know I can't Waitt !!!
I was at that show too! They've melted my brain every time I've seen them. Amazed I can still function.
Put god first and everything thing else will come into place.
Life is renewed, Past is erased, it all came together, When I looked at things your way.!
Good to see our colleagues from , , , and at Library Day in Albany -- being heard!
Preciatee it Sweetie.
Grant with his 500th career goal!!!! Mammoth 13, bandits 11.
Dear computer: You misbehave, I turn you off. Easy as that.
catastrophic breach of justice tonight as the supreme court refuses to block the execution of #troy davis. so incredibly sad.
Taking the day to catch up on physical rest and metal yoga...before work tonight.
Would love to see the math behind pricing that call option model...
oh that's a lot. What's the book about?
Humor is harmful, and can ruin lives
There's a hefty sized ball of stress growing in my tummy right now -ugh! I'm too Type A for my own good,.
About this time of the afternoon, pretty sure all historians get bored. Or punchy.
wants pancakes for breakfast tomorrow, but isn't sure she's willing to go out into the early morning cold and snow to get them.
New up and coming back ! Go follow them, If they get 100 followers they will release a track from their E.P.!
Apparently Nancy Pearl flies first class. ;-).
way to go! #superhero! Most people like Mon. but I too prefer Tue.
almost certainly we'll be at bar
You probably typed Weeknd once and it learned it. Now you're forever screwed and so am I.
and LOVE there fans . That's why we LOVE THEM
Amawele's doing their thing at a South African Market!
remember if O Drisceoil deals with 39 Yeats. There's also Arrington's new book, though it's mostly theatre, as I recall.
I wonder if a unicorn's horn grows when it gets a boner......
My mom just mailed me 13 baby pictures of myself. Why...
oh shoot... was art murmur tonight... lame I missed it!!! Did yous see them ?
Where is your favorite beach in the world?
Up too early, but since I'm up NIGHTMARE!
sounds like you had fun last night. Sorry we missed out.
Brewer's game this Summer?
Since my friends are gone off Twitter for a few days, I'll talk about Jaylor all day. I dont wanna spam their timelines. :)
gave my #payitforward bracelet away today, thought someone else needed it and the message needed passed on. Thank you!
if you are getting advice from in DMs, you are now officially my hero. :-)
Took me a while to figure out what bloomers are. *lol*
thank you for supporting planned parenthood!
What can you live without right now? (Aside from these tweets!)
$100 of worthless vouchers for the F. What a poor girl to do? Thanks for the 'help'.
You know your school is classy when you have exit signs that start smoking...wtf.
So are there back up refs or what?
Emma Ostilly looks oddly enough like Caroline Flack O.o
planning some new features for the site...finished programmin synching with twitter...next up full gallery option feature for members....
Yesturday was a horrible day but I believe there's goin to be joy in the morning! I'm Blessed to be Stressed!! Think about that...
Art of Design event tonight! from 8-12am live ice sculpting, welding, massive Old Milly and PBR cans being painted! Beer,food!
that's not lunch. that's an appetizer.
Watchen think like a man <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
My nose bleed.. been sneezing a lot.. wonder if someone has been thinking of me.. or yelling at me :-(
your welcome #TVD your the best show ever i wish TVD never ends i hope it lasts foreva!;)
Happy Mother"s Day to all the Mother"s out there. Have an Awesome day
I will be there. Hope to have a chance to touch base.
Beginning in 2013, creators of works can reclaim copyright of their works created before 1978--learned that recently, and it's awesome.
Good spot - Ha! Love your use of "pro tip!"
I'm right here!
well :( that's ok I guess I have 2 wait until next time
not over till it's over.
I care at times. Why follow someone if they stopped tweeting. When I can unfollow & use my follow for someone else.
The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow
I'm going to take a risk.
Because it's loaded with unnecessary carbs. Plus, why not add another veggie into your diet?
If you NOT a freak I can't fuck with you ;
New hair dryer, blow dryer, flat iron, hair products, lashes, lol outta control
He might say that, but he'd be lying. I think it's time you start practicing for his next birthday party.
Omaaaaaarrrr - nice work! rt : So I did my good deed for the day and turned the homie onto
Every single play needs to run through Joe Johnson.
Thankfully Michael Taylor is being sent down in favor of Collin Cowgill.
Just arrived in New Orleans for an extended NYE weekend!
Record time!!... 6 minute final
The shop will be down for a few days! Sorry for the inconvinience!
On the way
sorry Colin, system seems a little overwhelmed tonight, we're working on it!
That moment when you have a sharpie and you have the urge to draw on everything.
You bet, thanks for the kudos.
I'm so down ;) Mamaw and papaw will b the deciding factors ;) love you!!
It's almost time! Get what's left for the Maxim Super Bowl Party and the Maxim Tailgate! Call 877-599-1765 for more info!
depends on of you're looking to do cut and sew in the US or in another country.
That is so cool!!!
Thanks for the links and the notes!
Haven't seen the sun in three days... Not good
When we quit being bestfriends, I did the best I could not to let you see the pain..</3
Read that Dr. Bronner's article too. I like when odd & kooky wins.
A new giveaway guitar will be announced later today. I think you guys will be pumped about it... Can you guess the brand?
Heyy(: We haven't been on here in a whilee
Interested in becoming a sponsor? Great! Email us for details:
promotion on my page. FREE!
do not want to clean. nope. not even a little tiny bit.
The smell of fresh lavender. I love summer.
Just saw a guy smoking in his car with 2 propane tanks in the backseat
#Badgers are a 4 seed and will face the Montana Grizzlies in Albuquerque
Metroplex Connector meeting about to start. Still looking for an #architect fr the group, if you are in Southlake or Grapevine message me.
I love you even though Hutch High failed you.
I've already dubbed Doss as Boldin's successor. Didn't get much playing time last year because of his inability to play special teams
well tell him to bring some of that hotness my way lol
“…we will either find a taco, or make our own…” ~anonymous
still in downtown #Philly watching paint dry.
His smile. His eyes. his lips. His hair. His laugh. His hands. His smirk. His humor. His weird faces. R-T if you thought of someone.
Sad to hear about the death of Adam "MCA" Yauch at 47. I wore out my "Licensed to Ill" tape when I was a kid. Long live the Beasties
& thanks for the goodluck wishes!
Ed helms!!! YES! XD
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
AC,in the winter?
Only 6 hours a way and me and and going to miss and the rest of bvb sad :'(
Every minute we procrastinate is a dollar gone...
yes! I'm going to be a couple hours late because I have to work til 2 - but I'll be up after! It'll be good to see you!!!
Who walks their dog decked out in jewelry a dress and oh yeah gym shoes..me, Ms Illinois .. It's glamorous with a touch of down to earth ;)
Independent artists make a more diverse music scene!!!
but it's #GreenLantern, he who had one of the worst comic book films in the past decade. (I mean Ang Lee is better)
very true
Jo-Ann great to meet you!
i want us to play another show together just so that we can get pickles. and whiskey. though maybe not together.
Something is happening in said Matrix.
sorry. I don't smoke drugs.
Oh the Life of a Girl with a big schedule. Hopefully i make it through the week no problem!
for dinner, the enchiladas were the bomb ..
any chance a deserted jj rezzie can tag along to the game? I need basketball-lovin' friends :(
Dropped out of school when I was 22. What can I do to satisfy you?
you too see you in NAPA for
#tweetyourweight 173.5 - out of clever jokes for the morning, ask again later.
Also, would you mind adding us to your UNCG-on-twitter list? Thanks again!
Hey Bryan! Good to hear from you.. here's your follow!!
SUNDAY BLUNTDAY!! The best part of the weekend! Come and get $2 off Blunt Subs!!
#Onlymygrandparents would 1) have 3 recyclable bags from ABC liquors and 2)come back from ABC with the bags filled.
Waiting for green!
nigga i dont give two fucks about that i'm just tryna kick it like im in a big pun video
Seriously, how come girls always punked out in truth or dare?
WE LOVE , & his music too!
"I am my own evil twin." - Casanova Quinn
Thanks! We are a new modern Burlesque dance squad! We will be performing at venues around the city!! Look out for us chica!
Good morning!
What's a #Girlcode - - >>> do they still even exist?
Like seriously, let me screw up on my own. I'm going to have to find out on my own sometime. Don't sit here and sugar coat it for me.
Please text HOMES to 85944 to donate $10 towards building a home for severely injured veterans. Please RE-TWEET and spread the word!
At the I.D. Street Festival hangin with an old friend, Chef Sam of Phnom Penh Noodle House, my fav since I was 10://tweetphoto.com/32166898
Happy Mother's Day! Watch Kimbriell Kelly on Perspective today at Noon
Ah. Thanks, Andie!
This world so so fuck,ed up
IF I DON'T PASS THE ALGEBRA ONE I HAVE TO TAKE THE CLASS AGAIN NEXT YEAR LOL
Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. -- E. B. White
Two more hours left in class...I have the attention span of a goldfish!
RT : the most loyal follower <3
They can always tell when something is wrong
Drums: An analog device that, when struck, creates a resounding "boom". Works best when combined with other rudimentary instrumentation.
You can win a bag of samples by joining the party Dougie!
To all my ladies and some gentlemen Spa week is on it's way, October 10th through the 14th take full advantage!!! I will be can't wait!
If I wanted to be with another guy, id be with him, not you.
Aye #ToiletGirl is trending! Lol yeah we run twitter lol
Wow, I would definitely support this ALL the way!
Here in Morocco? Oh it's cool/chilly, but not freezing like there or you-know-where. It's like 60-something in the daytime.
i'm waiting patiently for the videos of the tram ride and pics at Yoga! :-)
Happy Good Passover Friday: the day Israel was saved by lamb's blood in Exodus 12:12 as Gen 22:8 promised & delivered in John 1:29
Today's "nugget of awesomeness": This cigarette is stale, I think I'll roll a freshman.
Thats great..... why are you telling me this?
Bacon smells so good
What a 2nd half! The Atlanta #Falcons outscore the Panthers 24-0 in the 2nd to win 31-23. Matt Ryan threw for 318 and 4 touchdowns!
yeah yeah yeah :P
RT : Just got off the phone with dope interview. I think I'll cop the Jordan 3's! Interview coming soon
Meeting with technical team and they are distracted by Matt Cain sitting next to us.
i'll follow you back. follow me.
I don't like the guy but Santorum emerged as the true Romney alternative in the loopiest primary in history. He should be content with that.
#BackInMiddeSchool single A girls basketball was the highlight of those 3 years
oh its love. (:
R.I.P. Notorious B.I.G.
and I on the road to premiere #wearewi to show #Canada what Democracy looks like.
just so yall know my second twitter is so you can foolow me there as well :) <3 yall STWOF!!! c(;
age is just a number
"Hardcore Pawn"? rly?
I understand now why the #Republicans won't stand up for change and reality...they are old and refuse to embrace change, hover-round bill?
#Charlotte peeps: watch WJZY Ch. 8 this evening at 10:35PM. I'll be talking about how the North romanticized the South.
wait til you drop...I'm at yo neck hoe!!!!!! Use that mafuckn @ sign next time scary ass bitch
If we cannot see ourselves as heaven sees us, we cannot see ourselves. - Dr. David Jeremiah. A Bend in the Road
yes :D
Meetings of the strike force will all be held in the bowl from now on. So awesome; yet under-utilized.
Celebrity developers don't open github issues, they pull out their dicks and wave them around.
Good stuff!
let's connect after the session!
Mexico in a month or so... Need some sun! How about you?
its not benefiting anyone! They are just causing problems and cops can't do much about it since there is so many of them
Some people sleep talk, me, some people sleep walk, me when I was younger. Something weird I do, Sleep text. Im not kidding, Ask my friends.
Had ah long walk
Not too bad ... feeling a bit overwhelmed lately. How about you?
Hit the daily tweet limit again. I'll be requesting later today again. Have to get some sleep for now though.
I am lol
Id have to think on it... What would you be offering? I do like him a lot as a super utility infielder.
I thought we must turn things off & take out earphones to avoid distraction during takeoff/landing, the most risky part of flight
yeah, I get it, but just seems silly.
knows Zicam is saving me right now :-) Never fails!
As someone who rides their bike in this city I'm not sure how we won an award for being "bike friendly". Our Drivers SUCK!
Cut the bullshit out... I'm effin with the scissors. Life is a choice and death is a decision.
We'd support that!
Wtf is up
OH: "I'm drinking scotch and pushing code, hang on a sec" <-- love my new job
u can lu u can hate but that just makes ur nose grow because all u say r lies stop bein a .................. see im not talkin about u
Thank you for the RT! YOU ROCK!!!! XO J
hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, fuckin right, fuckin right...<U+2665>
nice shades!
did you gather headshots and stuff?
Back in KY after a week in Florida. I'm not ready for reality.
- what's on the training agenda for this gorgeous weekend?!
Yet to meet a man better at staining his clothing at lunchtime so consistently
things are becoming more of a lock and confidence is growing by the day
YAY! Glad to hear he was reunited with his family! :-) So nice of you to work so hard to make sure that happened!
Either that or just Wednesday Afternoon, cause SERIOUSLY.
Awesome Rachel! See you there. :)
When all of your e-mails have red exclamation points, I am going to deem all of your e-mails as unimportant.
I KEEP SAYING IMA DO IT BUT THEN SOMETHING ELSE ALWAYS COME UP.
Breakfast in bed is a nice way to start today.
You gotta swim, and swim when it hurts.
He's wearing the chain and padlock. Oh dang. Bringing the old school back. Digging it.
Waka waka she she la do.
It's All About You Magazine is now on Twitter! Please RT and follow
Shout outs to these chicks that think i'm supposed to lower my standards and stop doing me...
$1bil?? RT : P.F. Chang's has been sold for $1.1 billion. Deal includes 204 P.F. Chang's &amp; 170 Pei Wei's (via )
But in the midst of all this progress, scientists from Denmark are taking the time to ask an important question...
...and friends to distract you, too. With the social life thrown in, why would we ever leave?
those days when everything from your head to your toes hurts <<<<<<<
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle
I'm sure they are designed for places that have at the door valet parking. ;)
Where is my google+ invite?! Get to it google.
can som1 explain to mee what draw something is? some sort of game??
And you don't want to be here in the future So you say The present's just a pleasant Interruption to the past
"Nobody in football should be called a genius. A genius is a guy like Norman Einstein." -Joe Theismann. The irony.
- this is my lesbian sister
Excuse the swag i'm trying to tone it down like Jenny Craig
Shoutout to for following !(:
I am going to remember this about you...
Me!!!!! RT : Watching this Vets Wanted thing on CNN now but I wanna do something tonight. Anyone trying to go bowling?
Sorry,but if you are just now starting a weight lifting regiment(in late January) you're wasting your time.Every1 else is in mid-season form
Dear Angel , You'll be forever in our hearts & Your in a good place in heaven <3 -Ally
and paper/pencil/thumbs.
Relentless Filmworks LLC has formed a new web-series division! We love internet!
RT : Living proof! “: Remember, you don't have to have a headache to have a brain tumor. #BRAINTUMORTHURSDAY”
Thank you!! Now I just hope turkey turns out!
just got my tdap and chicken pox shots
is it scary though? I don't watch scary... Eek.
Jackson! and I are going to California this summer! What are some good surf spots?
Hold on to your family not everybody has one. Next time they annoy you just remember how blessed you are to have them. Happy Saturday!
2cd drive for first team offense wide right missed fg
I would but I don't have ur number
Can't publish it till tomorrow hopefully. We also still have to do your about page.
I have a small crush on after his concert in COMO!!! So damn SeXY!!! AH OMG
The past can't see you, but the future is listening
Sell your books to BookHolders and you could win $1,000, Mortal combat, Portal 2, or other awesome prizes.
You think you can maybe follow me...?(: Or tweet me? Or anything<3
ah love her so much. And my fave song Lucky is on that album!
lol I love this movie
Dip was the loudest nigga in the building
This isn't nearly as cool now.
niggah you called me whn you were at Wing Stop yesterday. you're fat
That makes u one lucky guy!!
"Get over it and move on". "Let me know if there's anything I can do". Useless things to say to someone experiencing pain or grief.
- congrats on your sale of Norchester Village!
don't do it all where doing it tomorrow remember hehe x
Really fun show at Diesel tonight! Thanks to everyone who came out!
"Its a Vain world, Beauty can take you far~But without Heart + Brains, what will you do when you get there?!" ~Kimora Lee Simmons
ok social net world, i guess my break is over, back to the hustle
we are on fire. Giggs comes back and the engine will be full for next 80miles to the cup.
It is awesome the patio rocks! : LOL shire-licious!! I have not but it has to be the best atmosphere for a restaurant e ...
"The only thing a position can give you is time to either increase or erase your influence." John Maxwell #Leadership =
im really sorry i didnt get to u sooner but i just saw it now lol
Happy birthday from the usa, sexy(: ahaha. hope you had fun partying it up!
looking forward to it! Cheers!
No man will ever bring out of the Presidency the reputation which carries him into it ... Thomas Jefferson
I am going to kick you when u see you!
Do you need ductwork we've got u covered call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Hey Paul, thank you for the follow! Didn't I just audition for you a couple of months ago :)
Superfast internet for home and mobile, $55 a month FOR LIFE! Ask me how: 210-573-7203 Authorized Clear Agent
lol so u Spanish now. But me and meeting up at Brittany's for a study break around 9 if your bored.
oh okay (:
santa just took my toll money.
Thanks. Shouldn't you be in a golf course?
I want a Jolly Rancher right now. Ugh.
Md vs Notre Dame for a trip to the Final Four.
Out on a limb... literally! New page posted today at www.rocketrobinson.com
When dem bricks get in my possession.... u kno we turn ^…on my cashout shit!
There's no place like home!
hey hey hey!!!
Get your paddles ready! It is time to give and make a difference. #SEIPDX #WellsFargoHere+Now
Spent my morning meeting folks & seeing old friends at while promoting Bike to Work Week!
I WILL be listening! For sure... Thanks for the RT as well.
RT : "Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life." - Pablo Picasso
or snapping a pic for a new avi lol
and the fracturing of the Tebow coalition has begun...now if they don't get Manning, what happens???
Morning! Going to the shied !
#Chiefs Rookie Camp. Martin Rucker is definitely built up to the size he needs to make it in the nfl. Hope he gets an offer.
I can be either an observer or a player. If I want to play a life, I have to accept I will get dirty, sweaty, messy. Still, I like playing.
Look, we could argue about this for hours. If you like elevator music, then like Jessica.. That's your choice.
Let me guess, it's just 2 games... Right?...
I'm an EXPERT at thinking of quotes. all original!
the whole hook is about you dawg.
RT : Azure boot camp is coming to Tampa Bay. Sign up at bit.ly/azuretb
The reason I don't get notification on my youtube account of ...
I think my mind just got raped by that lil wayne mountain dew commercial
Yes! tho I was spoiled moving to Philly when TG our local treasure, not yet nati'l & Fresh Air on for 2 hrs/day.
Finally got around to build my linux box, only to find out it doesn't have built in graphic card. I almost feel embarrassed.
If you would like to donate raffle prizes or anything else please email
I can support t' effectiveness of said pink pill, she was contemplating her gusset in t' loo 4 15mins afterwards
welps , my team won .. lets see the lakers lose .
I might have to go to Taco Bell for lunch. Again.
On dis Hen
Haha kay I will! :)
Cute. I've heard that they don't last long. It that true?
thanks 4 follow
I caved! Out getting a muffin.
We'll always have Netflix! (I know...it's not the same.)
I would agree! They sure did!
niaaaaaa i miss you, do you miss me?
my pleasure...love reading your content, so keep up the great shares! :)
Yo yo, throw some butter on that lobster!
Regular or Strawberry.... Either way Stinky is a great way to celebrate Tuesday, or any other day of the week!!!!
Found love in a hopeless place <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I'm the saddest I have ever been in my entire life. I wish I'd never let the psychoanalysts talk me into grad school. It's not been worth it
Perfect day for a scooter ride! Cassie, let's go :)
Bo pellini at a loss for words
My number is 0014
I could not maintain sanity without Tumblr.
Interesting #49ers met w/ Peyton Manning.. I called them darkhorse landing spot once saga began. Would be huge upgrade if he's healthy.
Thanks!! BTW you are in a very nice part of KY.
Just transferred funds to Rescuers in Belarus.
A Malaysian woman saved her husband from being MAULED by a tiger by beating it with a soup SPOON
Cant wait for EDC!
Lol I know how you feel.
oh and we drove the new Genesis Coupe, Equus, and Veloster! :)
bahahahahaha we have a winner
I have too big of a heart to hurt people...I'll be completely honest with you at all times
Agreed - great article. Chart is spot on. But what can millenials do to get senior staff to see the bigger picture?
Great job by you!
I actually switched over to a switch blade for a more spontaneous shave.
Money don't change you, it changes the people around you
Why am I awake. WHY.
feel kind of stalker right now. I want to reply every twitter of my following one's. Am I nuts? OMG
did you see the info I tweeted to you last night?
if you want something let me know!
Love how fans are dominating on the sound effects!! CRUZ
You shouldn't blame it on the sunshine, or on the moonlight, or on the good times. You should just blame it on the Boogie!
also, i feel as if from now on i should have future dates sign a waiver allowing me to live tweet them for y'all's entertainment
Summer class start 2day
i wish i could change everything about me. i'm fucking disgusting.
That ass though.
cool! I'll be at J6, too. I'll keep an eye out for you.
Oh I'm sorry, I think you misunderstood, irrelevant bitch. Your tweets are fucking stupid. Kaythanksbye
Thanks for returning my follow! Enjoy the holiday...
People of CA: The right called Jerry Brown "Gov Moonbeam" because he was early supporter of geosynchronous satellites, used today by GPS etc
That painful moment when the roof of your mouth gets stabbed by a Dorito.
still not over all the changes in lion and now they're announcing mountain lion? eh. wake me up when 11.0 drops.
Getting ready for game 3. Hope Verlander is on fire tonight. Go Tigers!
Been watching more reality shows lately. I always wonder what they don't show... do these people really act like this?!
Can't believe he just said that...
Closing the office early for the long holiday. Happy 4th Everyone!
Don't pull your hair out! Only ??? many more years before retirement! LOL Ok that wasn't nice of me. ;)
#iAlwaysWonderedWhy LA has some many basketball teams !??!
idk why but I think hip bones are sexy
Save the date: Oct. 29 is our annual Bumps in the Night Halloween Party. $10 gets you in and all proceeds benefits our scholarship fund.
huh un its smokey as hell in here!!
Forgive it for it's sins?
To the victory go the spoils RT : To celebrate the UK win is giving away 5oz free froyo to everyone all day long!
Hope you don't mind if I RT & fave this pic too Taryn! I just love that sexy butt of yours so much! <3
I am reading so many tweets on my time line that are making me laugh so hard. :) :) :) this is awesome
Couldnt be happier :)
A few stronger thunderstorms possible over SW and SC WI, Thursday. At this point, not expecting them to interfere with state tornado drill.
sure how can i enter?
Whoa! 100% pure Alpaca wool yarn!
Listening to our first record on vinyl. Pretty sweet!
I want nothin more than to be happy and right now you make me happier than anyone has in a very long time.
Being a parent means your kids always come first in every aspect of your life.
ms dawn gave such a cute speech at dance. i couldve cried
Congrats Deion Sanders you made it to the #Halloffame You changed the game. My favorite.
Are we short it's mid february? Cuz it's raining like crazy down in Kenosha.
is a tea expert!
Northeast Conference
Back in Houston
Be visible.
anytime Bud!
hahahah I couldn't stop staring at it, it's so cute
indeed. The confirmation gives us something solid to look forward to now lol Now to hope for sneak peeks! :D
Got official word today that my airfare and hotel will be paid for by work for #ala11. Hooray!
oh really?
ohh ok!! yay!! love you! x
but it pays off.
RT : : The real power of this journey was that I don't just #GetOverIt + we all adapt to get over challenge
It was 's idea to have us auto-tweet the same stories. While petting a cat, he said to me: "U know what would irritate tweeps?"
damn right we do
Shout out to my mom for believing in me when everyone else had lost faith. When I make it, you get it all! Happy Mother's Day.
Welcoming Members from who Signed-up for the #MastersPOV #Cinematography Conference today! Exciting Times!
we didn't think Casey Anthony would either
You should hunt out a few local geocaches.
Someone should dedicate a twitter that tweets the bio-lines from Spam-bot twitter accounts.
Nice collection! That looks like inspiration enough. :-)
That old, bad joke gave Santorum such a headache he needs an aspirin!
establishing difference as natural is anthropological certainty - a suicidal courage one must have in modesty.
So glad im not going to school tomarrow !
made a kube type be 35$ who wants it
Whoa!! I was literally just talking about that with my friend a half hour ago.
I swear most people are so brain dead! Oh and stupid.
Love, Laugh
no way jose! Haha
Sticking to my roots. Rock Chalk all the way baby!
Noted!! What about my liver?
man! well like someone told me it doesn't count against your fifteen minutes :p
We're trying to get more followers so we can spread our music. Show us some love if you want to help and RT this :)
It's only March and I am thinking of Halloween already. I want to be Hatsune Miku so bad RIGHT NOW!!!!
as long as you're willing to take the blame for any outburst of Leoplurodon noises I have during my classes, go for it!
Yo Deserve Better Baby...
Thanks for coming out tonight, #vegas! We may be cleaning up, but the night is still young. Where you off to next?
: ”Excel is one of my best friends”
I have tickets to the US tour(: this year AND next year(:
ik ur mom will probs say no but do u wanna go to OKC with us for the cupcake fight on March 12
I can do anything through him trainer or no trainer #teamjesus silly man your workout plans arn't the answer, but my God is!
renowned digital marketing skillz :-)
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act
Wow this bus driver is amazing! Shall I marry her? Lol she is giving away gifts and wants to take us to Brazil...
Corned Beef is awesome.
Teardrops on my guitar <3
#np How Bad Do You Want It
Stay tuned cause me and have some raw ass idea's coming to all you music lovers!
How would you handle a blessing from God such as a lump sum of money, a huge raise or big bonus?
Money Saving Tip #31: Try generic brands of items you buy regularly.
You got me poppin champagne!
Trying to overcome my craving for a lamb burger
Blondes or brunettes?
did you see it?
Just left the march it's live they screaming justice it's sad
this fucking door.
Is it too early to eat a cupcake? If you think yes, don't answer.
oh bryan, your like an old person when it comes to technology
tired of all the self-promotion and advertisements for wireframing tools ... where's the content?
If ever in Denver let me know! Im hospitable :)
If someone could bring to my house, that'd be splendid! Sweet dreams.
watch what???
Fuck everything now I'm Wildin for respect
RT : Marty Pupil #Colliers: The down market has helped us restructure to a pvt company that can offer clients more services."
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live. - Anatole France
said it best: Kathleen Mulligan is timeless. Always wonderful to see her!
no offence but your gorgeous and i accept you.whether your purple,green,light or dark. :-) definately following you.
When you reach the point where you want to give up, look behind and see how far you have already come.
I'm kind of sad that we only have like 18 hours in Philadelphia
you guys were great tonight! Hope to see more of your shows soon! :)
OMG YES!!!! About time! :) #ZARAShopOnline September 7 via
an existence of metaphysical comprehensions...
ha, nice. Check this out
Haha your funny
Watching my youngest brother graduate college right now. Taking bets on whether mom's gonna cry.
What is #rxcom ? Looks like an interesting hastag to follow (as if I didn't have enough to follow already) :@
Did the same for Biden whom I met in Baghdad Iraq in 2010 =D
Columbia City stop in today for the first day of the "12 Days of Andaluz" & get 12% off the entire store.
Ron Paul will be on tomorrow night. This will probably be the best "debate" we'll see in the next year.
Council members just participated in an Ice breaker with other phenomenal youth!
enough of this mood already.
BE GREAT TODAY!!!!
Wishing I had been smart enough to enter #DVPRreboot this Spring! Sounds like an amazing opportunity... Here's hoping for Fall '11!
I wonder why do ppl always looks for stuff that's not ment for them, then what's for them!
We need to have a REAL R&R day. #realtalk hahahahah
Next up... cost effectiveness of genetic testing on an individual basis
Which is your favorite? RT : yes I'm so happy too I use lots of products.
Power outages & pass restrictions tonight. Everything is wind/weather related.
Happy Birthday !!!
great saison. Felt like I was working in a Belgian farm field (minus back pain).
What im feeling now <<<
Total overboard with antibacterial hand sanitizer.
Oh and yes Dragons as well, I felt that they needed to be together : )
I know where that is. I'll be there this week for sure.
thank you friendly guy at GSLIS help desk for your assistance. You rock!
It sure looks like it buddy. I like what I'm seeing from the Giants camp so far.
": Fine line between being tanned, & looking like u just rolled around in a pile of Cheetos." I just drooled, for both.
Check out Lacrosse Magazine on the importance of strength training. Consider being a gym rat.
You are very welcome!! :)
sorry. At conference. Back soon.
...and im still tryna get out of the car
Good evening, Ms. Meyers. The pleasure is all mine. Enjoying your evening?
Don't forget the strip club brunches of steak and eggs. And, of course, strippers. So I hear.
Niggas still tweeted my enemy thou niggas ain't real b lol
Hyatt check out time is noon, leaving bags in the room for the morning session
Thank you for checking in! Hope to see you soon!
I always knew he was gay.
Overheard: "its really tough to describe this person without th word 'screw-up', only instead of 'screw-up', think of an effier word"
If somebody thinks you got killed then that's just what it is. A man should not be scared to speak his mind.
My balls are covered in jager lmao. I'm such a faggot
I'm in Strengths Finder training today watching some of your DVDs and getting so much from it!
Not to rain on your parade, but if you're 30 & expect the U.S. government to take of you when you're 80, you're an idiot.
Envious. I live in a state with prohibition-stupid liquor laws.
Nice to meet you today!
I've had class with both, they r great ladies. Finding time is the hardest part! I find setting the time and then paying...
sad but true
RT I want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye.
we will surely miss you but thank you for the many years of great fun, food, and MUSIC!
Save $$$ by lowering the temp on your water heater to 120 degrees. It prevents scalding & provides comfortable hot water for everyday use.
me too!
we will get back to you within a week - cool?
Sometimes it's not the pain that makes you suffer, it's your own negative thought that makes things seem worst..
and are my role models
My Quote of the Day - "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.", Jim Rohn
RT Is this America ? A teabagging nudist who cheered shoving a curling iron into opponent's butt just won big.
Our greatest power is the power of CHOICE! CHOOSE WELL! Bishop Dale C. Bronner
#know12 IT orgs are still clinging to "call the help desk" mentality. Better to encourage self-help, self-service models
m s'mores pizza with chocolate covered captain crunch! I'll take 2!
i'm at Caribou, which always makes me think of you. The horrific remake of "how deep is your love" just adds to it.
Unemployment dropped to its lowest level in two years as hiring continued to increase beyond expectations in March. Spread the optimism!
hahah please behave,*cane you* :p
Morning high b so ryte
I know it would just prove his point.. r u going sept 7th?
Well I am drunk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Food was great - everything done perfectly. I had the blackened catfish.
Super Smash Bros. N64. All Day.
cool! next up Clinical Fellowship and you can rock your CCCs
Love it! That's the best thing ever!
Great job driving change and transparency for consumers in law sector
Tempted to move to California just so I'd have a greater chance of meeting
I'll be stopping by for at least some new gear.
You had a hard time keeping that shirt on lol
Follow my tweets,Is Hot related to Grey's Anatomy online streams on HD
Gr8 job! Now, rest those eyes, sing yourself to sleep, or whatever does not involve using 'sight' for the next 8 hours.
Yo Lets Tango
Yeah , How are you?
Great. A nice long security line at the airport. Just how I wanted to start out the morning.
Going to St. Louis tomorrow~ laundry and packing are in order!
I'm in Middletown!!
Ha! Worry not world. The pets of Big D drink Evian & watch AnimalChannel on plasma tvs in doggie spas and boutiques. All's well.
today would be a great day to wash the whips
Im captivated by you baby like a firework show <3
Just be careful when doc prescribes #Ambien. I do all sorts of weird shit in the middle of the night on that stuff.
mckernansports thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Of course. Best of luck. I'll post on my website tomorrow.
no, I need the pic. My buddy thinks they showed it on a manual sign, I said they only show era on video boards. Thanks though
"What if I went down on you for like 3 hours?" Me: Let's be honest I don't want to do anything for 3 straight hours but you can try.
haha no i didnt forget. just kept puttin off finishing cause of all this school work.
If you haven't already received a package (book) from me yet, you should be soon. I read it recently and just had to share. :)
you got some shit to say , I suggest you to hold it in. bitch.
plead not guilty yall got to feel me
3 Days left til #Christmas! What's on your wishlist?
as long as that Jack daniels in the IV then I'm good to go... round 34 leggo LOL
and that shit fresh ain't it
Having smart and productive thoughts. :)
#ThingsIHate people who post stuff then get mad if you comment on it.
One more day until my birthday! Thanks 2 my true friends for all the scheduled lunch/dinner/party dates! Wknd is packed full of fun! Luv u!
if its ok with you, I wanna call you LaTonka Jackson from now on! luv your body keep up ALL the great work!!!!
im in love with you! cant you see that?
Never in the course of history, have so many owed so much to so few.
I hate being here right now
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time
Looks like a really creepy movie! Was it at least worth watching?
Just wanting to say Happy Birthday to my little sister Kamyryn Love you!<U+2665>
Working hard on my finals, I will be relieved when I am done with this semester.
I want to have Amber's babies this very instant...
13 more days till its your birthday!!!
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. ~ Judy Garland
So My Graduation Gift to Myself is..... Is A Belly Button Piercing. So Excited.
Can you imagine the victorious cast graduating from Hollywood Arts? I don't want Victorious to stop! :(
Back in LA!
Rain boots kinda day (:
NICE ny logo !!!
getting my plane ticket now...
Ugh, i hate tweet limit too!
Did I mention how proud I am of my girls and the whole DDC comp team and teachers this weekend?!?!?!?
Welcome back to Twitter (and thanks for following)
Find fashion you can't find anywhere else: www.store.ustrendy.com
"Take every failure as an experience, because you need experience in order to become an expert."
Kristina's never heard of Twilight ? Holy fuck .
we have you covered. Check in at the check in table. Ticket will be under Allison Young. See you there!
will you be at Lebanon?
Jamming out to fag music on the way back to #miami? #priceless lmaooo
A quote from an interview with the late Charles Bukowski
More SULLY - respect elders; experience matters!
Messed up audition great. Love when my voice cracks mid song.
my fantasy football friend JH, only positive is that all the Flacco Bashers would finally have to shut up lol
They told, me NO and I reversed it I'm ON
I just got on the bus from big e! Im frigging soaked xD lol had a great time :-P
you can cook for me any day!
We are all born for love... it is the principle existence and it's only end. by Disraeli
How u gone come over somebodies house and say you don't eat everybodies spaghetti but you trust fried wings from the Arabs on Cottage?
I can relieve stress with out smoking weed :)
I remember in the 4th grade asking for the number 8 in Little League because of Gary Carter.
A fool can ask more questions than seven wise men can answer. - Italian Proverb
Its 1am, do you know where your sleep is?
U could have a pt: the Mou stain of Us vs the World. & the Ramires goal gave them belief at half time, I'd guess.
lol you will get used to it
Live in ? Residents get 10% off when you bring a cork to donate to local school's art programs!
I was thinking this and am curious for your opinion: what do you think Obama's first concrete step will be? And when?
Trying to party FREE in DC Sat | Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Coughing up $65 bucks every four days at the pump is getting old.....fast!
: hell anyone out there
Need to learn how to be strong
"Very difficult loss??" Goodman? It should be described as a typical loss
you at the game too?
omg so technically i'm going to nashville this summer too! ah
I'm glad I don't get stupid game request on twitter.
I just read Lady Bunny's Huffington Post blog that I think you commented on--If so, well said! Couldn't agree w/ you more!
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 3:00 PM using Waze - Drive Social
Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually don’t know each other, right?
#uknowubrokewhen you swiping two cards to pay for some bread and juice...times are hard child....
No, we're not from the Maritimes we're from California, but our ghost conference has a maritime theme.
Thanks guys.
Well then tell me
Congrats on finishing ur 2nd round! Good Job! :) RT My 2nd round of HCG is done!
i think this is how it feels to become irrelevant.
Haha that's really funny, ah our "Lumbee Hall" is called The White House... some things never change!
Ben, I think I've got what it takes.
Right there with you, Ma'am. Greg is very blessed to have you in his life. He knows this of course but I just had to acknowledge
On October 19, Microsoft promoted Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by gifting Xbox consoles and Kinect bundles to the viewers.
Last day at the OMEA convention. Extrememly busy yesterday. Should be a good day today as well.
June 26 is a special day<U+2665>
Crap you're totally right. Thanks for reining on my parade.
I want you in Europe, like, now
Happy Thanksgiving. c:
I dare you to dump an entire carton of chocolate milk down your pants!
love that show.
What are your favorite online men retailers?
i think im kill bill freddy jason and if i get up in her i leave her body acen
Auction tonight. Bring your stuff for next weeks auction starting tomorrow, 6-8-2010Bid Daddy Auctions 4814 Hardware Dr. NE Albuquerque, Nm
My Safeway Recipt: 4 bottles of wine, 1 bottle of vodka, disposable shot glasses and jello.... Oh man this weekend
Humbled by the opportunity to speak with top NATO officials today at HQ in Brussels - everybody seems excited about upcoming Chicago summit.
Glad to see all up on the twitters! It won't hurt I promise! Well... probably not.
it's all about how it's explained to the child growing up & answering their questions as honestly as possible
I love that is dominating the Itunes charts...great music to get pumped for sports..I recommended the album in my column for SS
Would you be able to send $3-5? That's all we're asking for. Not asking for big money donations.
And I want to get tatted for my bday!
the game made a career off it!
: I want one dm me!
Obama: Natural gas supply will last nearly 100 years and create 600K jobs in 10 years.
no, I haven't tried that one. You like?
Ting Talks: The Good-bye Girl: Pitting brother against celebrity brother in ... - Johns Hopkins News-Letter
looks like itunes song previews are longer on phone than computer. Snazzy.
Listening to late #70s #music reminds me of riding in my mom's station wagon. In 30 yrs, my kids will listen to #Maroon5 for comfort!
everyone should watch "betty white's off their rockers" #HILARIOUS!
Show us your books! Tweet a photo of your critical edition collection & we'll add one more to your shelves.
Agreed - those rocked! RT I gotta get the slides to 's #AMA volunteer of the year preso!
I and my friends love u so much, you are the best. Come Here.?
IM NOT RICH....IM ONLY HUMAN...SO I CAN ONLY DO SO MUCH...
Uhm you are on drugs
Three arrests last night, but still not as bad as I thought it was going to be. Sleep, wake up, long cycle and TRX, then diner out w/ Lynda
done and done.
that place is GREAT!
Now it's The Biz. It's gonna be hard to get on this train. Glad Amtrak is running with its typical efficiency.
happy Founder's Day!
Stand by what you want and how you want and eventually you get it
RT : We’re so impressed with the #WFFConf12 attendees. Thanks to everyone it such a success. Safe travels home!
Thanks to all the Divas who participated in Diva Night!
why have they just started to play round of applause on the radio the past couple weeks?
Said this to and "If it wasn't for the Director, you would have nothing to shoot or produce"!!
thanks! Sounded like it was a block from our house.
Correction noted "from the feet up". This is why I can't tell jokes, I always get the punch line wrong, but I always get a laugh.
cop top from the biddy
#replacefilmtitleswithtwat There's Something About Twat
Ally B Studio will be at the Chesterton European Market tomorrow! 8am-2pm come stop by!
CA ranks 46th in degrees per headcount and degrees per full time enrolled students.
Dear people who question why girls go to the bathroom together? Hermione went alone and got attacked by a troll Haha i saw this and love it
Excellent seal on the inside by Dirk! Pin and post...
Lol @ how Christina Aguluiera (or how ever you spell her name) hugs the beibs last night
The Lucky One with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
It's a different between Hood and Evil.
This is true....": NEVER DOUBT WHAT GOD CAN DO BC HE IS TRULY AMAZING :)"
I hate my school.
Listening to & xmas albums. So peaceful and beautiful.
Thx! Sitting on a bus right now waiting to march in MLK parade with It's always a fun, cold event! :-)
Fill my cup up with your blessings jah when the rain fall on InI house top non stop heart ah luv inna morning yah mi good frens...
yea..what said
Someone in my apt. complex filed a complaint that my dog Marley was an aggressive breed. I'm assuming there must be some mix-up.
"Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration" -- Thomas Edison. I hear it a lot, but somehow it's still easy to forget.
Something u dont have.
RT : It's true: Without a major cash infusion we will close in May. Help us raise the $500K we need to stay afloat:...
How does one go about learning more on SEO practices?
miss you too sweetie!!
You & , give the best Orioles news/notes on Twitter. Thanks!!
Amen! :) RT : Cut the talk. Announce.
drink wine...live longer...period.
Who's skating today, and what tricks do you want to learn??
I don't mind getting lost in paradise:-)
I'm up
Going on a date tonight with xoxo
At the "Best in Class" Social Media session.
I want to live the healthiest life possible.I want to feel great. I want to be strong and look and feel good.
I saw that last night... Still waiting for the pics.... hm?
Esperanza Spalding winning the Grammy over that lesbian kid is the justice
Moved Here from FinHeaven
The feeling is mutual. Mahalo! RT : Love The Shops at Wailea!
Thats my name n dont u 4 get it
<U+E033><U+E448><U+E112>MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE <U+E448><U+E033><U+E112>
Awesome message at Rage Fest last night! Thank you for sharing!
Phones are getting thinner and smaller while people are getting fatter and stupider.
we is good! we don't fight that much anymore :D
Science, meet life: Why I write on addiction in the Bronx
The good news is most people can "live as brothers" in Memphis. That isn't a good headline, though.
I hate when the guy you like finally texts you, then doesn't reply after that one message. #likeWTF?
Happy Wednesday!
Sirens are going off everywhere on Maui as we wait for the Waves to come in about 30 more minutes. Eerie!
I hate that I call my barber and he books people before I get here.
the streets let you breathe again, but evil men will soon be on the receiving end
SO yeah
5 Minutes Time-lapse TITANIC 3D Drawing - rose art paper
not much. Legs hurting real bad. What's up?
RentGaslamp.com now offering Fall rental specials
Margo's party was fun. But now oil have to get back to studying my lines:/
SHOUT OUT TO OUR OPERATIONS MANAGER Fred J. Sweet!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
at our new years party, we are going to have pen and paper to let people make goals for 2012.
s... Flat out cracked me up. Well done <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
y'all might call it the granddaddy because it pulls slow
your tweets.......omg <333
LOL too funny! : that's a bet brother ... And trust me will earn it, and when she does exclusive to you.
Special #NYArtBookFair deals on featuring Come visit at PS1.
DO IT then. <3 haha, we love ya too AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE!! :)
Is it possible to even consider loving me? :(
No champagne? No sekt? No prosecco?
I love when my job tells me im not friendly to people. Im not sorry I have mentally checked out of this place haha..
On a show like BL or other controlled filming environment, yes! Otherwise, NO lol! U?! RT Hey mamita!!! Would u JUMP?!?
Mollie, he is crazy. ;)
Bout to hit the workout.....all day everyday
Followers, need your hugs & prayers tonight. Found out today that one of my coworkers died of cancer. Very sad because she & I were friends.
The new baby girl is due Sept. 26th - we're hoping it's sooner than that though!
Sometimes you have to forget what you want and remember what you deserve.
it's good to have realizations. like the one that tells you that you've been studying music for over 14 years & you know how to identify it.
Of course, I still want to keep in touch with all my #green tweeps. I'll still send out #FF and #EcoMonday shoutouts!
It's not a heart breaking loss, #Mariners deserve to lose because they can't finish it.
Paul was bout to commit backcourt violation...that's what prompted his bad pass. Really fault of inbound passer
Future "Revolution As An Eternal Dream" events: Fri 1/27 at (1 pm) & Sat 1/28 (7 pm). Mary Patten at both!
Lansdale Theatre Works in branching into filmmaking. More updates soon!
So pumped for zoo this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF>
I know I didn't even get to watch it ):
Interesting but not new if you've read Marx RT "We drifted from having a market economy to being a market society."
oh , it's nothing
Wondering is he thinking about me
hope it fits and you look gorgeous in it :) !!!!!!!
Animal Cracker boxes were designed with a string handle so that they could be hung on a Christmas tree.
Yesterday is gone, tomorrow is approaching! Being thankful for the moment and taking no thought for the latter! Can we find wisdom in NOW?
Bro I Cant Wait To See The Boyz On Abdc Again! I Know For Sure Im Gonna Cry Lol
Ok, don't call me and leave a VM with an out-of-service phone number. I lose sympathy. Oh, who's kidding. I never had any. #library ;)
I like my meat smoked over 12 hours
Watching Jennifer's Body. I wanna look like Megan Fox. Ohgeez.
if u ask, yes!
Will Purdue pull off this win over Kansas?!?! I kind of hope so... Only to say 5 B1G teams will be in the sweet sixteen + it's an upset
thanks for dealing w/ my noodling on sweatpants, alabama, & early experiments w/ spearmint! (tangentially related to hepworth...)
Excited to teach Community Bodywork and Herbal Stress Relief to fellow volunteers tomorrow.
Also, such a well deserved honor for you tonight. Enjoy. Now looking up Genlux, they seem right for a project of mine. Be well
Theyre a gr8 final 4 team! CATS all the way! #championships #BBN #goCats RT : . I got the scholarship to ohio state
Don't count on others to make your dreams come true. Go out and make them come true for yourself.
Every time I watch old episodes of Law and Order:SVU, I die inside...Chris Meloni on True Blood so soon!
Sounds like a plan.
My moms a military wife. Strongest woman I know. Kept us together while daddy was gone. She cried when she heard #TurnToYou <3
Word up!
#TheThingIHateMost closed-minded people.
night 1 of course!
How many people can say that they celebrated their 75th birthday with a national tour? #SinatraCan!
I swear me & my mom see the craziest shits when we're together xD
Why is twitter so quiet? Light up my notifications! (I don't mean spam me)
2012 Phenom Camper ° Phenom 150: Angel King °Rising 10th °Las Cruces, NM °Travel Team: Legends °Point Guard 5’6
morning boyfriend <3 hope you have a fabulous day :* I love you :)
Ok, Posey's voice just shocked Campopoly! Maybe that is his thing, shocking people (hits, winning, age ...etc)
I like it too!
RT : Traffic safety enforcement right now in GP & - run stop sign & meet our today.
The bachelor bores me..
Come see with tonight at The End in Nashville!!!
Just watched Duke beat Texas. Great game! Could have gone either way at the end. I love March Madness.
The Lakers got their Swagger Back! Truth LOL
when are you leaving?
whatever you want! But your name is prefect the way it is also!
Making dirty rice for dinner!
All right Mt. San Antonio College, put on some coffee, I'm on my way.
I wanna buy a battle axe. :O
cant wait for #BELIEVE!!! IM GETTING IT IN NOVEMBER THE DAY IT COMES OUT!! love u Justin!
Thank you for an awesome experience!“: has National Guard Youth Challenge cadets as guests today."
#oomf just told me if i put out more i wont die alone...da fuk LOL #WhoreStatement smh
lol..good besides laughter is the best medicine :)
Kings, Kings, Kings Yes!
It's not every day that your boyfriend calls to say that he's shooting a music video and an 18ft python just arrived.
i wish i had a mom that would actually listen to me & understand me. but my mom just yells at me all the freaking time..
you're welcome!
chain store guide is proud to announce its new website with enhanced features for all www.chainstoreguide.com
follow his got all the moves and FOllOWERS to follow BACK
Damn i dont want to go to school but fuck i hate missing shit
haha oh cool I'm 15 too (: & I see you LOVE Sports! Lol I play volleyball..
I wonder how many of those who are defending/excusing the recent plagiarism are the same people who are greedy & obnoxious at ALA & BEA.
can't wait to see you again at mixtape! You were awesome back in january when I saw you in boston!
omg i effing love the daily show
He meets me where ever I like<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Damn I miss him :(
“Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you, and just before you realize what's wrong with it.” – Joe Moore
Luv to hear! RT : Stopping by on my way home is becoming part of my routine. Hooked on The Big Daddy burger!
Word! I totally agree.
GM! I'm getting ready for sunday's sermon, I love church (:!!! My weeks even be better. Have a good day tweeps
“: Behind every heart, there is a best friend guarding it in case it breaks.”
When takes a month off I get nervous!
Thankfully I'm only guilty of 1 -- the FB birthday messages. Although I do word them differently for everyone.
An angry wife wondering what you're doing hanging out with lady gaga...
Uh huh
Phoebe Sengers wins at all the things.
i need a boy friend who is kind , acter on chat on skype,who snowbords,and a 12 year old. :)
Professor Xavier thanks you. Lol
Why?? and btw you're NEVER happy...all your posts are so depressing cheer up buttercup :))
Thinking about just putting this dating/relationship stuff on the shelf for a while. Way too freaking confusing + messing up my energy/goals
I would feel better about my life knowing you were listening to Def Leopard or something.
Getting the info to finish my last Genetics assignment!!
we'd love to provide one next time you're in town!
Don't you hate when someone tells you to do something when you're in the midst of doing it?
50 cent right ???
Just got back from Europe last night. Played three games of flag football today. Recovering. Relaxing. :-)
I had my second lobster dinner in four days, and one more coming up this weekend. I love summer.
TIL all birds of prey are referred to as "raptors"
Temperatures have dropped all over the United States. Give warm clothing to someone homeless and help them stay alive, find a job, and live.
bro I think I am going to get the cool grey 12s
She a bold face lie!
In class stupid bored!!!
#wegmans blueberry greek yogurt. yogurt is watery & bland; blueberry is both flavorless & has an odd chemical flavor.
Thank you, sir.
Repeat anything often enough and it will start to become you.
I get A-1 Everything....
where you moving cuz?
On Jets GM just mentioned Ryno in the same breath as... wait for it... PLAXICO BURRESS! Let me go grab my barf bag.
are you in middle seat “: When you're not spoiled, your ass is stuck in the dead last non-reclining row on a 6 hour red-eye flight
WOAH I NEVER SAID THAT!!!! I disagree strongly.
Fashion Show was great last night :) i had a lot of funn.
New Orleans, where have I been all your life?
Off to a workout before the first episode of the Bachelorette!
Mind Eraser > MT : Only 5 More Days Until our Season Pass Sneak Peek. Which ride are you going to ride first?
hey now! I have to try!
Bring it LA, I'm not movin'! RT : SB1066 passed unanimously in the Senate this evening!
Be prepared & plan ahead, being short on time can lead to very unhealthy eating patterns.
my dad is, by far, one of the most amazing guys I know. I'm so thankful to have him.
I got my Proverbs 31 lady and I thank God EVERYDAY for her!
Google search: ways to break into your own apartment with a pen and earphones
State troopers re: concrete barriers: All we know is that they're limiting vehicle access.
#Let'sBeReal, I call girls Bitches cause they'll roll over and beg, but turn yo back and they'll Bite you in tha ass!
hey im on ur fan page but i wanted to be added to ur actual fb page but there are so many different ones. which is u?
Hunter Myers listed scholarship offers from Nevada, U.C. Davis and Idaho.
it's later! When will Get $.
I respect both #marvel and #dc my favorite super hero is from dc but marvels story lines/comics are better..
Niggas Hate Me...Cause I Never...Back Down...#IKeepComing!
Ah I can't stop playing Fruit Ninja!
Whem my book is done you have one. It is about this journey you are walking with her on!
Left over pizza for lunch. . .
you do realize you left the a out of your middle name right?(:
Wow. Interesting.
Hey Cuzy Poo!! Miss you too! DM me your #
how so?
yep almost anywhere you want. We deliver for over 150 restaurants in the Cleveland area
Sometimes you just feel like crying, but you know you can't because you have other responsibilities to do; like work or school.
It's important to find a studio that fits you.We encourage artists to shop around before choosing.Come visit and c if it fits u
There are few phrases I dislike more than "HAPPY FRIDAY"!
Badgers still alive. Whitney Massey with an RBI double pulls UW within 7-5 of Michigan in the bottom of the 7th.
Where the hell u been?
Today, Mar 13 @ 5 PM PST | Question Reality | LA Talk Radio | Georgia Reed, Actress, Dancer | www:latalkradio.com | Channel 1
You bromantic you ;)
Rise and grind Monday morning! Let's make something happen today, folks!
RIP Dick Clark. You showcased so many deserving stars and New Years Eve will rock a little less in the future.
Nice & Smooth Hip Hop Junkies Spanish Junkies Mix
In Target shopping place is empty on nov 24.I guess waiting for black Friday?
we love the pedal tavern! Thanks for the follow!
Love our Fajitas?? Try this afternoon's Torta featuring Grilled Chicken, Green & Red Peppers, onions, Chihuahua Cheese and lettuce!...
Same. It drives me nuts when they take up space on sites. They are useful for help chats though.
It's cool that i'm studying issues at school that are relevant to the countries crisis.
but what if the Facebook phone had deep Spotify integration too? :)
I saw this earlier today! Blew my mind!!
dude dm/txt ur email! I'll shoot u the song!
Ah...an answer within a non-answer! Ha!
Just glad that you're going local now! RT : I just ousted as the mayor of Maxximo Jo's on !
Brake fluid leaking. But we will still land on time. Probably making up for the delay by eliminating the time they normally spend BRAKING.
Do I really have to get my own cell phone plan?
I can't make any promises..what time is the party?
Thanks, I'll pass that along to him!
you bet. Good luck!
Feel unwell
Hey gang, still on for Thursday? I just signed up for 4b in CX this weekend. DO IT =)
I need to setup time to speak with
mhm :( he'll be out for 6 weeks. there goes my red sox... down the motherfucking toilet.
Learning how the crowd-funded nearly $140K in a month at the #SIC2011. Inspiring!
that's awesome dude
What's the point for coming to school?
HURRY UP & stop being a tease!
You know how to find me:)
If idiots and lazy people weren't so stupid and lazy, would demand the same pay as hard working smart people?
bobby+valentine
Any momentum #Romney has gained over the past few contests is slowly being eroded as he loses the South.
5 O'Clock baby, you knew there was no way you would get me on top of a roof! LOL
Make that ass move that's an assquake.
Joe Johnson is out of the ASG, does that open the door for Jeremy Lin?
Annual checkup done!! No blood tests!!! Yay!!!
- AF & Israeli action to deny boarding is bad, and may violate ICCPR Art. 12 & airline duty as common carrier.
All out! But on the rare occasion I don't I'm a eyebrow pencil only kind of girl.
Alright I will let you enjoy the rest of your evening
Cubs v Brewers tonight! A second sweep in the future? um we think yes. So sorry Astros.
guess, the one with the most swag ;D
Your school?
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
Happy thanksgiving to everybody!!!
That's awesome!! Thank you so much for the love!! Happy New Year!!! <U+E415><U+E312>
im so bored are you?
mass text seems about right though.. then she just pick and choose the niggas she wanna hit back?! im one of THOSE niggas?!
Kevin heart is a funny kat got my side hurting
Chilis for dinner. Thanks Honey!
Nigga watch how I bring the hype to your front door!!
Seriously had no one else noticed this?! : Oh, so the winner was not J.Lo's nipple? That was a close one.
I think we're gonna have to do a virtual wake when this season of Downton Abbey finishes. Made it back from Seattle in time to watch ...
Smitten like a kitten
hahahaha i took that in the wrong way but yeah!
Need 2 hop n this shower so I can get 2 this game 1
Never Say Never one year anniversary! <U+2665> It's been one year since you've changed my life. <U+2665>
Fighting the urge to huddle cave bear-like underneath my desk to hibernate...
everyone is saying legos glad my kids are to young for this now LOL
a good choice for a first stroll! :)
The song and, in fact, the whole disc is just gold. Can't believe it wasn't a massive hit.
There is always someone who cares.
stop bitching about it when you're drunk on TWITTER and just do it.
I say I don't like abortions so I don't have one. You say you are "pro choice" so everyone should agree &pay for it
You guys looked great! Saw it at 11.
Candy withdraws.! </3
first time I've ever heard our success attributed to isbn! Seems preposterous to me. Care to explain?
Happy #MothersDay to the woman who kept my father from killing me since I was a pain as a kid... and for 34-years of unconditional love !
Delayed choice entanglement swapping does spice up the psi discussion re: retrocausation Be wary of oversimplifying 2 ensembles
yes, in May when I can use my right foot again. And I expect we'll share some flatlines for my glorious return, yes?
Bunch: #culturalmuseums don’t need to try to become community centers, rather centers of their community.
lol I love it! May use that now :)
I'm watching it on netflix haha
Dig-It Underground Announces Artist Stephen Fishwick&#39;s Disney Artwork Now Available
why we jus,friends, lol.. She wont mind lol
All I'm going to tweet for the next week is DC 2, apologizing in advance
Can't sleep all ready up. Really sucks
Big shout out and holiday well wishes to our interns: Nate Robinson, Sonya Elefante, Victoria McGoogan, Annie Palgutt and Haliena Snowden.
all I can say is I'm proud of my panthers! Coach you did an awesome job,and to the players,thanks for making us believe again.
Just wanted to tell u that I will always luv u. I've been with u from the start! So just wanted to say I <U+2764> U!! Xoxo
Audition time
Hi Brad , check out , a great option for a virtual PBX. Feel free to connect w/ happy customer
What is a CPA?
Practice was super fun. The kids are all so excited and shy and inexperienced. Really cute. Forgot how much I love coaching.
no thanks??? D move kasian d move
Tonite played UTube of The Band doing "Night They Drove Old Dixie Down" for Civ War class. Not a single 1 had heard of song, or The Band +
They are being very control freak about when I wash my hands.
Thanks for following!!
I'm still laughing at Harden throwing his elbow, slightly. He know he don't want it with that autistic man.
And cause of that, I'll forever love that song. When we get like 30, 35 and have get togethers I'ma play that and get it poppin lol
now that Tuesday's nearly over have you noticed that the rest of the week spells WTF?
Yes, exactly! I always have bacon grease available. Seared cabbage in bacon grease? M.
ohk cool, dont mind the captions about rihanna i was bored lol
S/O to my beautiful sister !! She killed it tonight with the vocals! and I guess did aiightttt too..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I know but there's next time...
I hear ya!
Poltergeist, it's been too long
omg was totally thinkin about him last night!
I lost a good friend today. I really hate this feeling.
fo sho. We need to visit
hehe it's only online I believe!
What up Big Rog, thanks for the follow!
BTW, is being postponed until April. Just not enough time to do everything in time for the first week of March.
Getting really close with #OksanaG... mostly just revisions and reflections at this point.
No Heat for me tonight.
RT accordion killing songs and drunken shenanigans tonight at el rio with rhubarb whiskey in SF
im fcked up
hello guys :)
You can give back with the pungle.me app this holiday season!
Yeah, I was there all last week for a conference in Haifa. It was pretty awesome.
: JTPR offers strategically smart communications for companies that want results and honest, straightforward advice and counsel.
just played a tune over skype with a friend in new jersey.
lol how's it goin in there
RT : Overheard : Look, the yeti ate a guy...that's so cool!
Thanks for following <3
Derek, you are very welcome. Have a great New Years as well.
Home/Business automatic standby generators starting at $ 79.00/month
happy birthday to
So far, so good with the new job...really like it so far :)
Why do teenagers say they are doing something (homework, chores) when they are really on facebook?
Hi Sarah, Thanks so much! I think I have it figured out now. If I get something larger/more complicated, I'll be in touch! :-)
Smith Micro Connection Manager Solution now available to Clearwire wholesale partners
Looks like its going to be Bali for the honeymoon. Anyone have any ideas for another spot I should look into?
LOVE you guys and thanks for your kind words! Let's keep helping people stay healthy and quit smoking and dipping!!! :)
Jeeshhh hardcore advice on twitter.
Good, lasting health is a direct consequence of a well-balanced pH state within the body. Stay alkaline!
Crack The Sky was awesome last night in Baltimore.
Hello has asked me to "chase up your photographer who wanted me at his wedding?" Consider yourself chased!
only you in my heart
Ha! Maybe I could use the gravel road by Jerry's house.
HHS delays implementation of ICD-10 coding system. And if you don't know what that means, consider yourself lucky!
I just got ding dong ditched!
I just finished a 3.23 mi run with a time of 36:34 with Nike+ GPS.
it's funny how girls with curly hair want to straighten it and girls with straight hair want to curl it haha
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight !! Only on LATalkRadio.com!!
Happy Martin Luther King Jr Day everyone go have fun do stuff lol :)
--Thanks for standing up for all of us on the House floor today!
New favorite color: mint chocolate chip ice cream green.
Thank u i couldnt agree with u more <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : aww she's so beautiful!
All those nights of procrastination. Make one night of
still no word! :(
Well done is better than well said. - Benjamin Franklin
Paul not Weller
TY : #Innovation event #Boston showroom ! Social media strategies shared by hosted by
Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love. - Albert Einstein
most definitely! she's so soulful!
So, how was everyone's weekend? Come up to the GA Kiosk & tell me about it this afternoon or this morning to Jen & Stephanie. A drink too?
We just got shots and exams and a supply of heartworm medicine. Mom and Dad say we are expensive. We are worth it though, right??
Learn to count your blessings and you'll be blessed even more. ;-)
Biggest grammatical pet peeve: A-whole-nother. e.g. That's a whole nother matter altogether. Nother is not a word.
WARPED TOUR ALL DAY<33333
well. I recommend our #scrapple - call me biased if you like, but we love what we do! www.westcoastscrapple.com
Tough editors! RT : Newspaper created sons & daughters at #JAWisconsin #Biz#Town. I was interviewed. Didn't make the cut.
I'm sad to hear of the passing of the talented Whitney Houston at such a young age - another reminder of dangers of recreational drug abuse
I was rolling Hahaha but how u been big sis?
How u kno tht u didn't have no communication wit mother nature lol just kiddin just hopin we get dis over wit
so much boobs...even I don't know what to do with them :)
Yes ma'am!! That's exactly what I'm talking about.
how hard was it to sing that badly for that movie? Haha it was pretty bad
hi liam, how are you? :) x
I certainly hope not, but kids these days...
I'm looking for , where you bitches hiding?
Damn it's hard having a vagina.
looking forward to tonight !
What time does Dilliard's New Years Day sale start in the ATL?
We got new lines painted on our parking lot!! Ok, that may be lame--but it's a big deal to us.
I've gotten to the point that I mainly watch NatGeo and Military channels now.
#FollowFriday The two best bronco training camp reporters
I'll look forward to reading/sharing it. I'm a #socialmedia evangelist at my new #CRE firm, so there is hope!
I hate when websites ask, "Are you human?" ....no, I'm a alien.
just negotiated 4 bottles of The Colonial Estate Exile 2005 at a great price, and half a case of 2006 Freemark Abbey Cab. LIFE IS GOD!
you look great for fashion friday!
I think even I could strike Corey out with slider off the plate
my little cousins themselves are another form of birth control.
I'm taking my shirt to Panama City Beach, is that bad luck?
lmao right ! You making plenty money tho .
I'll look forward to listening to you on with . I also look forward to some hot pics.
GF tells me is such an honorable man I should ask what he thinks of John Edwards. GF says JEdwards is a bagged douche
word to that
#GrandpaFred Sp that's what we are today. And everybody come to support that as well as support the
P90X is kicking my butt !!! Love it -- never felt so good. In it for life!!!
58 min before #xfactor. Please show my unbelievable, extraordinary singing!
GO GREEN! GO WHITE! chant so loud you can't hear the analysts!!!
This NYC 22 show is way over the top and just rockin clichés everywhere but I'm gonna keep watching.
New Strains: Big Foot, Big Hoss, Jaw Breaker Kush, Northern Blue, OG Kush, Skunk Berry, Super Silver Haze, Trixie
common sense: If the first Man was gay or the first Women did not like men there would be no human race!
and thanks for the follows! We are honored :-)
Thank you, Sherry! Means so much to me. :) Appreciate all ur support w/ & My cats thank U 2.
Hi Nice article! Do you think e-books and online copy of books are slowly replacing paper bound books?
Finally home !
haha Jules Pools I've grown up since duhh
Cheers! Thank YOU for making Asheville a place we want to grow...
RT : The future of
to make sure he stayed out.
Team Big Lou.
Happy Thanksgiving Tweeps, time for football, Leggo Lions
Enough is enough. Time to bring my "A" game! BEASTMODE on CHEST, SHOULDERS & TRICEPS today.
Good night to make buttermilk pancakes.
I can not pull off hats. Lol. Awwh man. :P
"The present is the point of power" Jane Roberts/Seth
Thank you for all the hard work!
I want those tickets!
Just put my baby bouncer together. Now im elevating my feet on pillows watching this movie on abc
thanks edgar! Not running though, just working!
lol I never thought I wuld see the day when kian slams ur head into a locker!
why must life be so hard </3?
I had the pineapple Chobani this morning! I loved it! You called it!
All I want for lunch is a blunt n your girl #What2ChainzWouldSay #ItsNothin'
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':28
run goot bro, may your draws hit and your made hands hold up.
Thanks for the RT. Thank you for supporting your community AND Las Vegas Cash Mob! Maybe we'll see you there.
Welcome Neighborhood Coordinator for #Roxbury! With office hours every other Friday at Shelburne, 10am-12pm, starting May 11
Yup. Next I'm working on baked chicken stuffed with chicken McNuggets.
Every time I say #leduh I can't help but think of That's what I get for reading #WhatCourtneyWore religiously!
y'all boys talking after 1 loss?
Finishin up this production.......
If you have an iPad & an iPhone on your person, don't ask me to look shit up!
# Shout Out To Ya.
Look down and see leg bleeding, automatically assume you're a woman now
cant wait till i get my phone on
That short nap>>
Great #WDYTYA episode tonight. Would have liked to have seen her travel to Poland though--see if the synagogue still there.
so now every other team can hide their bounty systems as "purely for performance." saints are the sacrificial goat here
ill never let you down
Omg heck yeah a strip club in hollywood. Hold on ima get my stiletos lmao
Some Lowe's hotel employee is a huge fan of Buble. Only a true fan has the Totally Blonde soundtrack to play in the building!
Awesome!! My mom bought me a new tv!!
telescope hunt massive hidden object in space
Heading downtown to shoot the tall ships---With a camera
where are you?
I agree!
My ped pals will put a Oohhh to the glamor of your feet. Even the1st washing w/a ped. pal will promise that you and your sandals will smile
Fresh out the shower.
Hello Gabrielle looking nice..
SO CALL ME MAYBE
My grandpa is staying the night tonight because I'm to scared to be alone.
It was so good to see you friend!!! Miss you!
Sending an #FF to ! Today marks a month since yall followed me & made me the happiest girl in the whole world! Love yall! <33
Excellent! If anybody else wants to get some drinks, let's meet up after the petting zoo.
good. you?
Im in n out da pussy like a prison visit! Dude went hard
looking for a database architect in nyc with conceptual experience within the investment banking industry
Be bold! #Donors want to be part of the big idea. Donors want to have an impact.
I think I finally figured out what to do for my tumblr.
oh lol omg ok imma DM it to u
ap exams: ap psych? done. ap spanish? done. ap calc? done. to go? ap euro, ap physics, ap lang & comp, and ap gov.
Ahaha , ily too ! & yeaah i gotta see what im doing afterwards thoughh !
Thanks for following me, Carson.
As we lay huddled together under the tent, which leaked considerably about the sides, with our baggage at our feet.
Girl you got me about to pass out... I'm wondering if cupid gave you ass shots.
RT : you're wrong its evolving> can't we just dump the LMS and use online analytics? (security issues aside)
aww thank u so much <U+2665> you are so nice :)
I miss kyanna :c Sigh
i,am, bAcK
what does that mean?
Thank you! I did the Nashville half in 2010 & almost lost my Christianity! Those hills were awful!!
Update: Bidding on Babe Ruth jersey has now jumped to $442,000+...that's up almost $80K since midnight.
What someone else did when Obama was 4 years old was newsworthy but what Romney did himself is not?
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough
hm..President McRhobie did a press release today..positive impact on our #IUPUI students...wonder what it was. Didn't hear about it till now
just won a free day in stats!!!
I'm going to the Indy one possibly, if he sells M&G so(:
Do something greater than you and welth will come. Think about it.
Best friends are people who make your problems their problems, just so you don't have to go through them alone.
Please join me with saxophonist Chris Greene on Tuesday March 27 at the Jazz Showcase as we merge our 2 bands for a blowout concert 8 pm
ya don't say! I had no idea
Hey Everyone's playing ME3 today as they love the series Fix your mistake!
A man knows his woman's loyalty if she's there when he's becomes broke, unemployed, and possibly homeless
Haha. It's a good way to be for a short time man. RT : Just sitting on my bean-bag chair, eating Cheetos.
thanks for the RT with
haha! too funny..no comment
Creativity Tip: Two minds really create such wonderful new ideas that one person could never have thought of.
Anyone know of good calligraphy classes in #MKE?
Lakers disappointing me!
So how's everyone feeling today??!
Its not as easy as it looks
happy birthday girl! Miss you!!!
I wanna figure out how to mash together #GlenCampbell style country With #HipHop. Anything is possible. We walked on the moon.
I am sorry. I can’t hear you. I am eating Grape Nuts.
Just learned what a retweet is.
. screw you #Hertz, I will NEVER rent a car from you again. You suspend people because of their religion.
he said that he wouldn't pay to see ja rule hologram, he called him bloody butt and he said rule is done cuz of his album sells
Comment the new pics:), No cross-country tommorrow:) Texts are welcomed:)<U+2665>. My whole body is soo sore:(
great game today! Best of luck to you and Brittany this week! Health and Happiness to all 4 of you!
If you black out with your sac out ... This is what you say ... Sorry for Party Rockin
Just found out i'll be in attendance at the AAC tomorrow night!!!! #Elllllyeahhhhhh!!!!!
finding your teachers on facebook, WHAT-THE-FUCK?
Looking for an #earthday volunteer opportunity? Lend a hand at the MHFH ReStore #Recycling drive on 04/22. Call 414/257-9078 for details
I need to study..
thanks John
Let us remember our Veterans and the sacrifices they and their families have made for us. They deserve our utmost gratitude and thanks!
I'm a fuck up.
#duckdynasty is my new favorite show.
Awesome! Enjoy!
Awesome panel. RT: Kristiekp: 3A's of getting your story in the press: be articulate, be accessible &be accurate.
Just you wait!!!!
ME AND U BABY STUCK LIKE GLUE LOV YAH PEYTON!:)
thanks buddy!
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
needs to follow me... Yes?
I wish I would have discovered series 9 combination polarizer filters before -so freaking beautiful. It makes clouds look like cotton candy.
Of course it is. #HypotheticalQuestion :)
he is a fuckin killer Who took lil girl n slave them to have sex n take boys to be in his army n make the kids kill there parents
you had me at polish, love the hook up! I'd bring you an arrangement regardless though :)
Totally had a great spa night at spa Roma thanks to prettycity.com
RT deep»RT : Coda: "If you're the smartest person in the room, then you're in the wrong room."
Lets go to the beach beach lets go get away
dope club! Gonna be sick!!
cleanin my room and blasting the music :)
Every time I hear a Drake song I think of <33
I get it, I get it, but I'm still annoyed that I have to work Monday.
Children's bio perfect 4 National Wildflower Week "Miss Lady Bird's Wildflowers: How a First Lady Changed America" by
RT "A computer is the most remarkable tool that we've ever come up with. It's a bicycle for our minds" - Steve Jobs
Offended by our tweets? then don't read them! Unlike the real APD, we didn't pull a gun on anybody and force them to do anything.
if Yotes go to finals he loses no money and he actually will make money in playoff bonus
I'm happy to see visible progress in my friend's writing and storytelling. I gotta get there myself now.
Its one great guest speaker after the next in 'Futures and Foresight' class. Fascinating insights tonight from
Come home to me.
i followed
Managed to launch and move to LA in the spaces in between. I love my work but I could use a nice vacation! LOL!
I think "At least it wasn't incest" is my new comforting line for most everything. Thanks!
SO nice meeting U last night! Can't wait for our girls nite out w
: no want MY roommate, its an issue finding more. And we have to stay on campus. But we r looking at our on campus apartm ...
I cook my dog meals, so what
oh for real? Definitely let me know. Things are good out here :)
how do I know this is even real?
Coffee. It's what's for breakfast. And lunch. And dinner.
So grateful I got 9 hours of sleep last night
is honoring Bruce Wichmann, our firm administrator, & Amy Winch, a legal assistant at Axley, as Unsung Heroes today!
are you in Dallas today for #alamw12 find out more about Room C149 Dallas Convention Center today at 2pm
Thank you hun! (:
Killer time at the brookwood last night with Brain...
Welcome to ABDC, where you compete against praising the producers.
I do believe it does. We've been itching to see you guys and catch up
RT : How do men sort their laundry? "Filthy" and Filthy but wearable" Im not even gonna lie, so true, lmfao!
Still don't understand why Lee Ann Rimes doesn't like video games.
Happy Caveman: Which Animals Are You Trading in Zoo World?
Demarco Murrey is a first round pick. imho All reports are good so far....
dude show more 2girls1bowl or ill cannonball dookie in your bathtub
Thanks! What's on tap for the weekend? Need help opening anything?
As a Royals fan I feel I can't argue any calls at 1st base
My mom always comes randomly and gives me half an orange for me&jasiel. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> she cant wait to be a mima.
Guess #nba players do ride the Metro. Just spotted Jeff Green at the White Flint metro station
I'm bored
idk , im off today.
Defying gravity.. and no one can bring me down.
Loved the show tonight!
Look for our new interactive game at Bear Down Fridays this week at main gate square. For more information visit www.beardownfridays.com
Pumpkin carving ideas?
Yo twitter yall show some love and support to my bro follow him, tweet him
The "Can I ask you a question?" Text is never good
Genesee sex resources needed for city hall fight could be used elsewhere
listened to Sports Central tonight. Had to hear how the #Packers fans felt 1 day later. Good therapeutic session. Pack will be back.
Going into production in January with 3 other directors for a Night of Comedy. Stay tuned.
I also have memories of my students a year later. Today my kids love to read what it was like for the kids here in a small town.
is so blessed to have all the helping hands today! Thanks !!
What event are people doing today?
Sure do. RT Do you start your day w/ email produced by ? You should....
So is the new Lily Allen any good for a #training or #running mix?
30 Rock love the show it should keep on going more Seasons.
Damn y'all can take that nigga of the milk carton..#ochocinco has been found
Room is filling up for Grand Challenge talk
man that lowbuget 2dollar titty ass stripper she is lucky she blocked me i was about to go #teamscalin on her ctfu
Wahoo! We finally reached 500 followers! Thank you so much to everyone!
Annual Heath Ceramics Bazaar Sun.19th. Featuring Heath, Coyuchi Bedding, Erica Tanov, + a jewelry collaboration btn myself + Heath. 10-6pm.
That is a powerful tweet, a real triumph! Perhaps the greatest tweet ever written!!!
#librarians, is it better to slow down/take a break from grad school to get more experience in libs or just go ahead and graduate asap?
curious if you ever swing by Cincy to visit with Coach Cronin? If so would love to see if we could chat?
old hands? Is that you? Lol
Responsibly going to bed now. Counting pitches to put me to sleep.
There may be no better lyricist than Robert Smith of the Cure...
FYI to my followers. That "Recall Santa" is old as hell already... Please don't plan on using it. And btw I hate politics so don't try...
Restart, back to 1
OwO am in love. I think I'm going to need to acquire some money before you get into MKE so I can BUY ALL THE THINGS<U+2661>
definitely Labs!
Britney spears music videos on MTV :D
Tonight the Grammy noms get announced. Last year got a nod amongst others. Any picks for tonight? Let us know.
Go home. Turn the air on. Get naked.
But if this was a movie you'd be here by now....
Nomination Deadline for 2012-2013 ELAM Program is Friday, December 9th. Contact the Office of Faculty Affairs for more information!
#3WordsForYou Eat a dick.
Sad to announce that West Coast Tacos will not be joining us tomorrow night; many well wishes to the swift repair of their truck!
With my bestfriend for the night. (:
Hopefully getting a pack of smokes tomorrow. ^.^ Can't wait:D
may not be blond , skinny and beautiful on the outside but on the inside she is the most beautiful girl you shall ever meet ;)
Oh, I dont accually know because I dont know how to do it because i've had this account before I was an actress ..
Trust a person until they have given you a reason not to trust them.
": I dont know who they are, it sounds ok , not my type of music.. Lol" I know, vampires aren't singing it
and its bday weekend too him and will be joining us
I do believe you should paint your Charger Pink and then wear a necklace of beercans
get that smash hit wit everybody
Forgot my flute. Oh well. They probably marching anyways.
i had some issues with my twitter when i got my new phone so ive been off. I thought i signed up for poy months ago?
No I wouldnt
Nice! Link me to pics when you post them. Where are you going?
Interview with Barney Frank [(D) Massachusetts] on CNN makes me happy.
Do me Tom Brady
so agreed! That's why I moved to vegas!
That was an awesome 5 minutes of OT hockey.
Boy I gotta watch my back, cause I'm just not anybody
cause my mommy told me aint have to go if ian want to .
Never understood what subtweet meant.
dibs, so we can cry together
If you could spend one hour with any musical artist who would it be?
a software developer once told me that making an app is easy once you have a prototype/pseudocode. i believed this person up until....now
hell yea!!
getting ready for our 1st #sxsw set t-minus 30min onstage now
your so amazing and so very pretty I hope I get to meet u again on march14 for my birthday:-)
Sick ass afternoon w/the #Bch9thSkaters good skaters w/good vibes. I wish em all the best. Pics soon come...
oh not a problem love :) haha x
i need hugs! D:
I did not!
I got it ;P
“: That awkward moment when a boy has longer eyelashes than a girl with mascara on.”
really??? Mine had the area of a square on it.
yesssirrr you already know we did it big again...miss you my dude. Get back down here so we can get that taq queso
S/O to everyone that was crazy enough to recommend me to their followers today on
Ahh, you're in VA... knew you were on the east cost. Yep, gloomy. And a Monday. That's just not right.
see we'll be cool as long as you just play your part... just play your part
I don't know, I ask myself that question all of the time. *Sighs, Pulling you into a hug*
Watching North Korea fire a rocket is like watching a golfer you dont like and yelling after he hits it, " get in the water!"
Only from the heart Can you touch the sky. ~ Rumi
Keith Haring always reminds me of when I lived in NYC in the late '80s. Seemed his art was everywhere.
Your are not enjoying the holiday if you are not listening to Christmas music on
Greetings from the equator! <3
loving the Disney tweets. Hope there's some adult beverages at the end of the rainbow?
value is an understatement. I see data in a whole new way now. Looking forward to seeing you again - where are you speaking next?
LOVE the bubble wrap on !!!
- Very nice work, Mike. Best of luck with the projects.
Them idiots don't know past 65 our fingers and eyes work just fine.
officially a #Directioner :)
Cannot wait!
idk, i just get a major lady boner when i watch the boyfriend video.
OKC shoulda stayed in Seattle...idk what a "SuperSonic" suppose to look like but I'm willing to bet money it looks like KD Lmmfao
We bake our most popular cupcakes everyday! Including Velvet Painting, Lemoncello, Whats Up Doc, and many more! We also have vegan options!
i'll never be a morning person.. maybe one day--ehh probably not though.
What's it about
I'm now dealing with my poor planning. What are the chances that I'll be able to follow the Vikings game while on the airplane?
you definitely have 4 followers. Not 0. Oh smarty pants XP
Yo did u see Wah episode was yesterday
My birthday is in 3 days! :D
Just had a great run. Now for an early lunch.
#SiNoFueraPorTwitter is great for practicing conditional tense. What an educational choice of trending topic, Guatemala!
Working on more new material. Song called "Freedom" It's a jam for sure.
Another planning ahead question, as we plan for our re-opening in September. Music in our reading lounge, yes or no?
I want cup cakes thanks to !
Who TF still has a KIK?!
prince james should be taking notes from tebows book then maybe he wont choke any more in the 2nd half of games
dude I though u got that shot FIXED!!!
even if you cant get a certain someone to notice you i cant hurt to keep trying
thanks thanks and thanks <U+263A> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
RT : RT : killin it remind me of a Colorado
Never really have any ME time...its always a kid that needs me there's always a parent that wants me to do something...
I think either way it works.
I just gave half the class gum what do I look like
Damn she pulled my neck all the way back. Got my nose hurting.
#whodat say they gonna beat them saints? #saintsfootball :) <3
RT : #highlandtownart pop-up gallery corner of conkling and bank so cool
Cool dude!
We'll love you not matter what, unless you go to Brown. RT : Nervous. Early admission Yale interview tomorrow.
Too much D #49ers vs
My hour and fifteen minute class just got out in ten minutes
ok tweeps its been a long day so we are out for the night! be back 2moro for more fun and remember start hashing!!
hahaha ur up in east Jesus nowhere
What a beautiful day today is. Beautiful like an armpit.
Shows in Houston, Nola, and Birmingham next week! Fall tour dates coming soon!
Admit it, You once made a little kid cry and then made them laugh so you wouldn't get in trouble.
That's that fuckery .
Biting my tongue & I think it's bleeding
#bearcats looking good! Finish strong!
cute skunk? :) they can look cute - sounds fun!
hahaha not so fast!!
Looking for a co-owner!
can you take photos :)
"If I ever have a son, I am naming him Dad." LOL
It feels great to be able to be actively engaged in both my passions as an educator and musician. I give thanks.
Role of Aquaculture Discussed at Congress
Paul vs Bachman. I like it!
Laundry for a month. Forced to carry teams gear when broadcaster goes top shelf next year
“All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle
“: well what do we have to do to make it happen!!” we'll see how bad y'all want it.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence. Xenocrates
Yikes! Tell Rory it's been fun while knowing him. ;-)
I miss 's cakes & cookies, coffee breaks w/ & , & hearing about love for manatees!
YEES! on now
But what do the VOTERS like?
Oh yes FRIDAY!! I must get my pass!! ;D "SUFFER NOT A WITCH TO LIVE"
Paola, do you view timbre as able to communicate specific things or add to the meaning of words in your vocal compositions?
so much.. he's in my econ class -_-
Do the think all women r like that!?
Tonight the Holland Dobbins Little Big Band #Christmas #jazz program with special CD give away!
Looking at apartments <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I think I'm a keep to myself ...
when are you in SF ?
No, an already ridiculously long playoff format is needlessly dragged on by playing 2 extra games to achieve the same results.
Irish coffees, christmas cookies & tree decorating w/
Focusing on the best&connecting the best w/each other to support each other is potent
oh freaking hell i feel dumb now..
James Franklin and the Commodores already have 9 verbal commitments. Vanderbilt had 0 commits at this point in 2011 and 2010.
you're hard cider
damn u are soo tense this massage you so need it girl x)
Still opportunities to be a host family for an African student bit.ly/abfN4F
Congrats for your climb in the polls! Although this is NOT getting you out of the mansion grass cuttin' duties
hanging with my family in spring lake
Does anyone else think they should fly the #TimesSquare ball at halfmast in honor of #DickClark passing away?
I agree!! RT : How bout next yr, ZERO giveaway promotions for Phils games? Why give them your team's trinkets?
“: watching a marathon of ambiguously lame murder mysteries certainly makes me question myself...” but it's awesome!
preciate it hoody, i'll just miss a few games. i'll be at all of em, just drugged out lol. maybe gary wont hit me with a helmet
His brain has not only been washed, as they say; it has been dry cleaned!
We generally change ourselves for one of two reasons: inspiration or desperation.
cheer up. You've got to beat that tests ass now!
What would be the protocol to send music to your label for considertion? Thanks!
lol me fucked up? Lol no. Just sometimes you be actin flaw and it makes me mad
should REALLY play #saysomethin by Austin mahone like for real tho.
"The only time I feel alive is when I'm painting." - Vincent Van Gogh
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship
wat up asia
It's a fri night CUNY library kind of night. Gotta love grad school.
you too. Keep it real.
#Trayvon God takes folks we love, to honor them, to raise them up, and to teach us how little we appreciated what we had when we had it.
I guess I'm graduating with some pretty cool people.
Getting my hair cut at #TonyandGuy so I don't look like my #CousinIt when I get my new headshots.
Texas Chainsaw Massacre wit da main b!tch-
The horrible thing is, I can't remember the last time I made someone angry.
62 & sunny at Grove today...along with $3.75 glasses of Viognier all day...their might be an impromptu patio party. Someone bring a guitar.
the #panopticon has bifurcated: the classic optical invasion & now the clammy gropings of the inner thigh. Innovation.
that doesn't help me lol
doesn't mean i didn't yell or get excited or enjoy leadership stories. just sayin'.
Tomorrow's project, shoot only with the Holga HL-C (except for the one commercial shoot).
u forgot the # tag
I can't wait until our tinychat tomorrow
Keep a notebook. Didn't figure that out until my 2nd year on Amazing Audios.
I'm on a diet but I'm doin donuts in the 6 speed
Back in NYC & Kitty is happy to c me! She does not like to b alone! #SpoiledKitty #Happy2Bhome :)
Why does an audition require showering & applying make up? I wish I could just audition for the part of a crackhead & pull a Halle Berry.
you a clown lmao but I would've been sleep for all that
(1) Red Hat is about to become the first $1 billion open source company.
The world is heavily influenced..
Tempted to watching Walking Dead finale w/o Will, but I don't want to bear the horrors alone. Aw, screw it. WD, here I come.
sometimes happens when you're dehydrated--drink lots of water and keep your feet lower than your heart!
Thanks for the RTs! #smss12 #social media
Yes, completely!
We watch Sunday football while sitting on a bench. It takes us back to our high school playin' days!
Is that a complex token?
when did lee go c a polar bear??!
I'm here now! Moved from San Francisco to get into the career I want. Are you from LA?
i knew you would
“: i'm a 8 1/2 i have fucking clown feet don't judge me :/” IM A 10 OMFG
Don't follow me just 2 unfollow me! That shit is DUMB!!! You've been unfollowed too :-)
TEXT "REFUGE3" to 24587 for DISCOUNTED entry
do you need a profile pic or anything like that?
It's a little like being at sea with no idea in which direction to head.
It's like telling friends what happened in the world.
now that was wishful thinking but it would be nice to see it come together lol
The Fantastic Four Point One issue comes out, I think.
SB 1458 (Steinberg) would facilitate SBE guidance to look at other school accountability measures like graduation rates
I'm convinced eggnog is the single most racist beverage on the planet.
thanks! I'll get on these this week!
Copps: ...If advertising no longer sustains investigative journalism, where should we look to sustain it?...
About 3 months. I felt lucky!
he's snoring
RT : McDonalds to activate 400 social media advocates in UK w/ parties & free gifts in exchange for positive posts....
Hopefully talks to her manager so I can get a job... I hate feeling poor... First job then car!!!
yes,yes i did Emma. U know me too well :)
have I shown u the trailer of my movie ?
High stick put S. Fournier in the box...special teams critical for both sides here
sending my positive thoughts along with it, Rachel! Keep us posted.
If There Were Ever a Time When Someone Else's Pregnancy Was Your Business ... - Babble (blog)
3: Forgive me for being wordy... But I am beyond thankful and humbled that God is using it in your lives. To Him be all glory! Hugs & love.
heard bout the hologram
you are so anti #Ravens it isent even funny! But #ravennation will have the last laugh when we raise the trophy
RT its called "parenting" RT : Having great day baby sitting youngest daughter while Wendi takes Grace...
7 minute commute home from work. AMAZING.
RT : My cousin on fb gloating about some chick, im 99% sure its not his wife. *sigh* <~~smh
The vomiting cold-open was BRILLIANT.
Good article. I am using a Willie Sutton reference for the #socialmedia class I am about to teach at .
I got a #song I WANa #sing so can u #sing dat back 2me
So considering it's a leap does that mean we celebrate the day of our babies on April 13?
Yes Doc!!
Looking for video producers with credits in commercial and broadcast. email me resume and reel:
Who's looking for an apartment in #Bucktown or #WickerPark? How many bedrooms?
Goodnight :) hoping that 2morrow will be way better than today
The trends today are wack
i see you watching
I need to be sleep I gotta get up from work in a couple of hours.smh
#Grammys Chris Martin is hotter than I thought!
xD maybe you should ask for a Visa!! or a car :P or a house or a plane or a train lol xD
that led me to sports... And why do you keep calling me pretty?
Good find, just listening to Kimbra doesn't do her justice - the video is pretty amazing.
I love themboth so much and im gunna miss them both so mucb... Crying...
I think I can speak for all of us saying that we need to see some photos.
Just got the new emoji<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00BC><U+2620><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0093>
Isn't that what google is for? :P
Beautiful day for a Rams game!
Pizza quest continues. Hot pepper, sausage and onion slices today at Neno's on 5th street by George Field. Nice.
Lmfao at ex's!!
I get that a lot.
hey dude
For a guy like Ellsbury, though, you want top-50 prospects. Not guys who COULD be top-50.
Friends always puts me in a great mood.
Happy mothers day ! Love uu mommy cant wait to celebrate it nxt week since our schedules so busy 2day!
lol.. that gun old as hell
It was perfect weather, perfect setting. We had a blast!
I am OC tonight.
Okay if your making bad rumors about me then unfollow me cause 1.idc 2.your just an immature bitch :) 3.your to scared to come and confess
i love my life cuz im doing me enjoyin life til i can't do it anymore never let anybody stress me out cuz im always doing do ain't got time
good luck!
CM Barry is so right in what he is saying about the serious problem we have with poverty.
Design can telegraph what type of story you are trying to tell. What is your design saying about your story?
Even the Minnesota defender was shocked that he drew a charge after jumping into the shooter.
Hakuna Matata. What a wonderful phrase.
jealous!! I'm in Alabama for the wknd. Going for a run in the snow?!
I looking for a good recipe for vegan dal - yellow lentils - kinda more soupy than solid. Anyone out there?
haha boring but addicting...hm
Thanks to Roeland Park KS mayor Adrienne Foster for inspiring others @ the Latina Leadership conf.
Your life looks literally identical now.
bacflips wack/touch screens is is where its/& snapbacks is back
what?? I grew up in Atlanta! Where are you?
Same here fam! Ya'll gotta hit it up down here... It's crazy here
Glad to hear that! Thanks for looking out for the safety of our students.
Palmer has 42 secs to close the score.
Omg my seat is so fucking good
lol it happens. For years I wouldn't eat Chinese food bit then a co worker broke it down to "Dude, it's just chicken." lol
Joe Flacco is the reason why the revens wont' win the superbowl and Mark Sanchez is the reason the Jets won't win the superbowl.
"when i tweet its not like I have to say anything people want to listen to" -girl in class talking about why she tweets not blogs..
your gonna love it! Its awesome. Now your only decision is to sit at the counter on the "cafe" side or in the great bar area.
"How about we just look!?" Oh My God.
My mom is like yelling at me.. Like stfu idc.. Tht guy deserved it idc howuch pain he is in
life in a perfect world haha! ;)
the fire during Sonne felt like someone was holding a lighter right in front of my face.
My bad
dies your brother still have a girlfriend?!:)
“: Saturday class with our students. The collective energy of these young people FLAME my hope for humanity.”
some Mom's feel like they live in a zoo!
please add if you like more chat, know i would love to know you better
I wonder if we'll ever have "e-furniture." Customizable magnetic fields, mostly like the real thing but cheaper and more convenient.
I'd like to finish the film collection manual before I leave for Houston on Tuesday.
my girl wants to party all the time party all the time party all the time... lol #EDDIE MURPHY
HI. or shall i say, would you fancy a cup of tea?(; hehehehe
Can I sense the "I am" my essential beingness.My essential identity as consciousness itself.In the background of my life?Yes I CAN, can you?
I know :( So sorry we let you down on the way home!
I love the dirty looks people I used to know give me.
I know a lot of people are upset that Sherri Shepherd got voted off but I am glad b/c she got "extra help" ahead of time. Karma.
Gotta love half days at work. Hello weekend!
Reached level 10 Writing Skill in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
I look at all this traffic and I'm like thank god I woke up early<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
On my way to work having a great morning so far can't wait till I get off though
congrats buddy. We got a win in honor of Jackson. Good luck and look forward to meeting him!
So you seem to only chase those fake ambitions/ everything you hear, you take and listen/ in 1 ear and out your brain, but you never re ...
Like this proposal a lot, Charlie. This just feels like the right track and how I viewed the alien commander role as well.
Happy Monday ...
yup! Hope you have a good lunch!
Cody Ross does it again!
"Save The Pencil".....AW -___- lol
Please re-post the link - it didn't come through.
take and bake stuffed piza rom papa murphy's. It was amazing!
You know it's gonna be a good lunch when one of the ingredients in your sandwich is listed as "buttery goodness."
no pain no mf gain
I like how I'm just constantly falling outta people's lives & being forgotten. Guess I deserve to be forgotten.
I tend to not take time to take care of myself - but this time I've decided to fully recover b4 returning to real life.
The line-up this year is fantastic too!
will you be my 101st follower pretty please??! :)
Yep! Personally, I'll miss y'all, but I know you have bigger and better things to do. =) But f'real: you killed it today.
congrats. Nothing like good ol' fashion work. It good for the soul
Guess where Alex is doing an interview today....
Ughh I love how our conversation only gets as far as hey:| bitch bake me a cookie
def - if this floats - I'm voting for the lauren conrad pastel rainbow hair next. That's my ultimate dream.
All it takes is one RT to save one dumb fucks ass. Keep it real.
All I want to do is take a day off to nap all day, but I can never seem to nap on the days I actually have off.
Remember the 90s when hiphop shows were a sloppy mess? The Hit Squad reunion show does.
what's up..how are you?
I promise to let you know...your voice needs to be heard way more often!
don u live by kroger on hunt rd?
And it's JUST as bullshit wherever it is. Just because lots of states do it does NOT make it right.
I'll think of you while I enjoy delicious banh mi
Dear "American Pie," I'm full.
Thank you so much love!
Saying yes to yourself may mean saying no to others. Shift your actions to match your priorities and success will follow!
No, he's a jackass.
I like the green myself, or black.
Check it! is DJ'ng at Maduro w/ tonight. I'm at Merchant & Homewrecker is at Natt Spil. 10pm
ok here is the contest details
Poison +Oak
Good lord! I certainly hope not!!
Lakers always better when Phil has facial hair. The weirder the better, too. When he's clean-shaven, they stink.
Why did I just now stumble across "Fiddle Tunes for Banjo" with Bill Keith, and ? So. Very. Good.
New song just gave me the chills. Wow.
#its2012whyyoustill got a jerking crew?
If you really want something, you don't stop for anyone or anything until you get it!!!
Live footage of Maradona's reactions to action on the field during big games = almost as entertaining as the actual game
i don't know what's worse this or if you actually got that haircut..
Wisdom and understanding will bring all the desires of your heart. Hear and Understand!
Rules threaten the imagination and the imagination threatens the rules.
yea probably todayy if enough ppl show up.. somebody hit me up already too hoop today
have fun in mtownn
merry christmas! locke and lola loved santa's gifts. now off in search of coffee for the in-laws in an unfamiliar area ( app).
LMFAO! Told you to quit and just be my #trophywife LOL
me graduate too lmao
Love is such a beautiful thing that everyone deserves to have at one point in their life...
im so into to you....long time no listen to that song
Someone had to do it. Might as well be me. Makes for a funny story later.
My mom went to Everest, i live right by it ;D
Noone can hear shit anyway. RT : I feel sorry the the ppl physically #Rally4Sanity because these Mythbusters dudes are boring
totally heartbreaking...haven't confirmed this but you can only imagine probably high school friends on Spring Break :(
Marketers in the 1930s scared wives into purchasing certain coffee brands thru fear of being battered by their husbands.
I would need one too!! ": First day of filming had me getting yelled at by 3 women...one of which had a penis AND a vagina...
FC Dallas organized in the back close down an opportunity
RT : A new waterfall was discovered 2007 in northern Peru that is 3 times as high as the Eiffel Tower....
I will like to have sex with a black guy!! One day I will do! Thats a fantasy:))
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce but they limit frustration and resentment.
haha maybe the luck is reversed now
Gonna go to FIU to sell my books
Streamlining - decorated the tree in a record 12 minutes this year.
I'm at the gate but I don't see you...I assume you're still waiting to get through security. It's fine I'll save a seat for you.
Hey all - check out a great local NEW Twitter account - authored by > please give her a follow!
Come hear about successful literacy initiatives in libraries around the globe. Today @ Hilton Riverside-Rosedown,1:30pm
lmfao what? Why?!
. "a lot of people think": weaselly. Call out race-baiting (or condone it & be judged); don't concern-troll.
Follow Me Please!? 36
RT : You have to take care of your mind, body, & spirit. If one is off, it can take the others down with it.
hey clutch :)
Isn't the whole point of electrolyte-infused #vodka to not have a hangover?
Why pay 1.60 to ride the light rail when u can easily just walk the 2.5 miles?
"I had everything I ever wanted, but nothing I really needed."
BTW the rabbit escaped all the jaws of joy!
for a while....
Okay well I will get it to you right away!(: thanks!!
Im going to go watch all of the ShootUsDown videos and tear up ! They both have grown SO much ! (,: & <3
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life -- for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
Why my job is awesome: 30m tweeting MCA lyrics w/ links to the albums, ending w/ the love & respect quote from "Sure Shot" on Mother's Day.
2 Riot cop trucks just passed, headed south on naito, fully loaded
Hope u have a great weekend!
Thank you WOG! May your day be full of peace and blessings! Love you!!
Sinus headache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
It's days like today that I kind of miss DC. Pretty sweet seeing Discovery Shuttle fly over!
The way girls swing their arms before they dance <<<< like, chill out bitch...
#freaks I need some
just proves that they really do a great job in raising daya to be the best person she could be <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
30 minutes of hail
lol....he is doing really good. My dude puts it down. Curtis is very happy if you couldn't tell.
Get talking about us again! We have a new single coming soon and need people to catch the word so we can get going again! Help us out!
Ever heard the Top Gun Anthem? Guitarist is Steve Stevens. His parent and the Phillips would get along
Yea right. We're still going to have a better record then the Titans
Marcia Clark is here!
#FaceYourself Fringe time
Sounds good! Just let me know if I can help.
It's Tuesday April 25, 2012... Do you know where your Chief Gobzavangelist is???? About to change the way the economy works!!!
Starwatch Consumer | Newspaper for iPad arrives
Beginning to think that the Sandwich Artists at this Subway are actually lunatics who killed the original staff then just kept making subs.
Hahahahaaa RT : Oh, this joke can't be good!
yes sir!
WOW looks so HOT wearing that hot pink long dress with the leg cut open
I know I'm not alone in this
I adore John Stamos. :)
#WhenIWasALittleKid I Put My Face Close to the Fan to Hear My Robot Voice
RT : Nothin like a 30 min phone call with my girl Thank you for bringing us together
#Thatminiheartattack when you put a check swing in the hands of an umpire.
1st day back in vegas. I definitely miss L.A already but i'm planning on returning very soon!
Helluva an episode
RT: "Ron Paul made an announcement but I missed it." #RonPaul will be concentrating on collecting delegates. He's in the race
this is the first weekend im trying uber but its crazy expensive!!!
I believe that spirit is all. of course it is for you! Hugs1
New vids and stills in the next coming weeks!!!! Keep your eyes peeled at www.rlimaging.com in new work section.
#whyareyou talkin to me we not cool
Rainy day <U+2614>= movie daay <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
You can't call it freedom if everyone does not have it
you are awfully quiet these days. PIC scare you off?
if only legislators could hear the stories and from the #poor. People on the hill should read the Working Poor by Shipler, -Tianna Gaines
Thanks for the support bro!
Ty Chris..Very Nice to meet you...100 points and the Power lose,Jack Ham was going crazy in the Box lol
Only took 8 minutes to get first Chromebook going - most of the time was upacking the box!
can't wait to meet you on the 28th!
is it 10 yet?
Hey! This is from True Colors. How are you all doing today?
Amen. RT : "I would not only like to thank god but jesus" for making such perfect guys for me and ?
hi Tyler I love you,I really hope you'll follow me soon!!!!!!!!!!!!
two most important things to have on assign = batteries and memory cards.
If you base your voting decisions on a single issue I seriously question your judgement...
no problem! its true! where are you from?
everyone knows the people who vote for the winners are hipsters. The fact that transformers wasn't on the ballot is a joke
Okay, I need to try the cinnamon challenge. Let's do it, !
win and beat the Shitcago Cubs! Great 2 b at miller park. Aren't cubs baby bears? Bears and cubs both suck
.RT : At least Ted Nugent didn't threaten to make any new music.
hey this is great
shawty you a ten...minus 9 but you not the 1 for me
Hi can you please follow For me she follows Back!(:
Get busy!.....make some time to practice!...just DO it!...OK?
Time changes all flavours.....
Merry Christmas to you all. I also wish you all a special season of faith, hope and love.
What is it with Whole Foods products politely requesting "Please do not overcook"? What's it to you, Amy??
....I just mistaked yall for The Sound of Music
bomb threat at club hillman? NOW IT'S PERSONAL. THAT PLACE WAS MY SANCTUARY.
you are becoming more liberal every day
Friday Special: pan-seared, scallop mousseline-stuffed sole filet served atop wild mushroom risotto & asparagus w/ a hazelnut orange...
Watching Time Fly By , B-/
Gadhafi's name would probably be trending right now if americans knew how to spell it.
Just finished taping "Newsmakers" with Bill Bryant of WKYT. Now headed to Covington to participate in the Magistrates Candidate Forum.
Diamonds are a girls best friend ;)
I would not like to be a flyer tonight.
Please join our movement of making a musical difference #NotWrongJustDifferent #Autism lets fight for thier right
Playing 2 shows today, one on bass, on on electric guitar. My fingers will be pooped!
#Man jailed for driving car at referee in European Soccer game
Norm Bossio sharing how eating with your grandkids is like being an HR professional.
Bike cops hanging out all over ina and thornydale..watch out!
Almost positive you guys will shit yourselves when you hear what's in store for you guys! 2012, let's make this a good year yeah? \m/ (;
this is straight mockery
Yoga time! Been looking forward to it.
A1: Design is everything to us! Its everywhere in our everyday. It is who we are & why we get up in the morning :)
Everyone just really wants to get on my nerves today, holy cow.
Im not like other producers who boast about wut i do-my beats speak for dem self - im just addin my pain with kicks m smares addin to it!
Check out the weekly video and podcast updates on the JustLifeTV FaceBook Fan Page - new video every Monday, new podcast every Wednesday!
Happy St Patrick's Day!
Shane's best round...still fighting...in vain..but still fighting
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. George Bernard Shaw
i missed my tweethearts, how youve been?
RT $6 Trillion In Fake US Treasury Bonds Seized In Switzerland: ackthpt writes "If you're going to steal, steal big......
You are most welcome! Have a great weekend!
"Mississippi St is actually called Jackson St, lemme know who they do" -my female roommate. Dumb and No I will not...
Sure, I'll go all the way to Philly at a moment's notice, but when I'm out of food and cherry coke, Safeway's too far... *whine*
Very well rounded! I love a good choir program that covers it all! You are lucky to have that!
Great seeing you on #4sqday! Also, just shot you that email; thanks so much!
#SunDevils let's put on a clinic for the Aggies!!
Planning an accessory exchange party for some girlfriends. It's a cross between shopping and trading. Very green!
I'm gonna rearrange shit and make your job harder
I can't wait!
We heart you too!!! Haha. Have a happy cinco de mayo!!!
I miss Sparky Anderson
he was dissing ur business skills...and then he super burned u at the end
It's making me nervous that so many a's are "content is buried." You guys get that too many options on front page is *bad*, right?
What a cool mom! The clown poster and "get away" car was too funny. So...what happened to you? I kid.
Everyone tweet GOOD LUCK ACM !!! Do it now, or your not a real #Mahomie !! (: <3
r u in town
Finding a dead baby bird on the roof of your car is not definitively a bad sign, but it is definitely not a good sign.
I miss you xx
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated
Your pictures are awesome, and what a big crew you have!
When im irritable, Every little thing pisses me off.
Look at me confusing my tweets with text. brain dead at ces
Just dropped my IPhone cracked the entire back of it...wow this is terrible
"I tore these out of your symbol and they became paper." River has all the best lines.
He plays Leyland ball. Do whatever you can to win one, and then pull all the stops to lose. Keep the record at .500.
Yes! Just when I thought the show couldn't get any better...
#Kobe lost them that one...
Ambers Hideaway in the Dells. Google/Trip Advisor it.
falling and getting a skinned knee wasn't the fun i was looking for ):
"watch out now" -
This episode of #Jeopardy is really depressing. Are we getting that dumb as a society?
oh okay, if you need me i'm here and i'm good i guess.
i want more followers u have alot:/
So pissed that we don't have late arrival! But I'm glad its thursday though
Yes, I am Frank!
Were you the perp or the vic in this email case
Thai vacation coming to an end..........phi phi island is just magnificent, In a godly kind of way. Jammed last night with local band..?.
will you please follow me please please please.. I LOVE YOU <3
4 more days til my bday... i told mommy i wanted a remote control car lol but i was serious....
I Mix EVERYTHING With Macoroni .
Thanks buddy! I'll pass their information on...
hey you yes you , i am on skype !!!
Never Say Never! I love Justin and I hope all Beliebers around the world follow make justin has 10 million beliebers :]
omg I was going to say that one in my last tweet but i didn't haha and nm listening to music(:
Thanks for the follow man... Hopefully we can connect! Blessings!
missed you at the fest of books this year! hope you had a good time! i saw signed books back at the store & was sad i'd missed you!
I do remember J. Peterman. Had not thought of it in years. Must have been fun to visit the store.
It isn't the tranquil and placid seas, that bring out the sailor's skill, it's the wind and waves that pound his ship, and toss it about ...
Awesome; thanks Adam!
Government interference with the pricing system distorts the accuracy of vital information, increasing the mistakes of market participants.
Pressure turns rocks to diamonds
If you could go back in time to HS, what would you do? I'd play my geetar in the talent show & read more.
1st period sucks without ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
love you boo bear <3
What if the Dodge brothers hadn't died young? (love this question)
Going out and letting off some steam
we all feel that way but god made you a beautiful woman by the name rocsi for a reason
We'll miss you and too! But don't even worry about it. and I are crashing all your events :)
This is what we had to wear for the skit.... Yes. I am sponge bob and i am proud of it. ://t.co/KBMv4gIX
I love that song ^_^
Recipe development starts now.
Think i give a fuckkkk
Science gives too much power to publishers because of old perception of print publication as complex in new digital world. Adam Bly
People need to keep their mouth shut, especially when they don't know what your talking about.
thanks man! haven't updated in a couple of days working on some new stuff!
Thanks! ;) Elementary Algebra... I don't think I passed it the first time around... in the 90s! :)
#OHELLNAW - you found a lump? Call the doctor - early detection of breast cancer can save your life. Cancer is not a death sentence.
Student: "So you're saying it's not complicated, but don't feel retarded if I have to ask for help."
my life is complete.
Thanks for the RT!
Hope she makes apple pie :) RT : My mom is against social networking online. Period.
Lmao the NASCAR announcers quoting talladega nights
To night was a night....I made it....
at writing, 2 year old has been watching youtube music videos for 2 hours. Sigh.
Southern hospitality. Without serious football. #florida but
Thats an Honor Fam! #Salute I know what I need to do I just have to put everything in motion and Im doin it now
oh good! We hoped that you would get it today!
Chris Brown is doing a great Qbert impression
Rec 1: State ed agencies should collect data from districts on instructional materials in use. Currently, only does this.
heading to the living room in the w hotel for a drink. rdv is the sexy club in nyc. want to hear dj moma do his thing at retreat tonight!
Megatron coming off a career year and Madden Cover is almost a perfect storm to underachieve......take it to the bank!
Follow me ? (: Bye Bye<3
Soldiering through the sinus infection and back to poker. Playing 3/600 mix last 2 days at the local card room as warm up for crushing LAPC
16k people in the US kill themselves each year because of debt problems ~ Tomorrow find out how to get your finances in order
I'm getting a lot of things done today that I never make time to do :)
You too! >> : Thanks for #FF and mention. Have a great weekend.
Near, far, wherever you are you better get to a computer because we'll be posting our big V Day screenings sometime between now and noon!
Well done member Smart Grid Director Lee Krevat! Also named to annual "Smart Grid Movers and Shakers" list.
Thanks for following : )
Hope you have a great Monday!
I can't tell if my sock is inside out or not..
5 days until invades Albuquerque. do you have your tickets????? www.rocktheink.net
yeah man. Wrkin hard. Heard u got some thingz going as well
when is
RT“ Why does your words speak louder than your actions? Explain that ..”
wuts good mr jackson?
#rivalry Watching yankees vs. Redsox, good baseball game! 9-8, Boston up in the 8th inning.
Today you can tune in and hear the Fox Chapel Area High School Concert Choir, today's featured Glee Club.
#BBN gettin behind Murray. LOUD in the Yum!
I figured as much. But welcome to America...continual validation of instant gratification. Will keep me working forever.
Job interview tomarrow, kinda nervous thoee >.<
AMAZING RACE time.
Thank you!! for choosing for your event!!!We hope to see all of you soon!
in convention center at trade show.
Divine: “: Love eating tomatoes when they are fresh off the vine and still hot from the sun.”
Really? Did not know that. I'll mention at tommorow's Drive Electric Minnesota meeting.
Excuse me? I gave my opinion? That's not rudeness.
You never disappoint us!
oh malea I miss your post talk rants at woodys!
I'm the only person at Henry's baseball practice wearing earmuffs, but since I grew up in Florida
I'm a senior. I graduate in May.
also very little dialogue. One note: the nom'd films are accompanied by 4 others. I've only seen one of those.
I haven't asked him if he likes me yet.... Should I? Advice please.
oh god no, not the Sanjaya obsession days D: lmfaoo
June Kilz Army means saving the planet one song at a time.With an evil sounding E minor chord!
thank you Mizz V happy valentines day to you too
ha that too son.
Your customer service just blew my mind: a nice knowledgeable person on the phone, good websites with stuff I need on them, awesome!
Attig family connection confired, another brick wall has fallen.
if u email melissa I can add u to our email list and forward u the deets
I wanna watch Peter Pan.
Thanks and agreed! We are excited and energized by the support in Pinellas County.
We're loving all the quotes from the #sxswedu sessions that everyone is tweeting! Keep em coming!
I rarely sell off any of my stuff... never know when I'll need it. I keep it all mainly for recording.
Good workout at the gym :)
Nassau Co. police ofcr. is out of surgery after a bullet discharged from his gun breaks his femur. Docs inserted a titanium rod in left leg.
Im a beast dog
After this weekends work schedule I better have all of race weekend off
Why Did Ray Ray Have A Crush On Willow Anyways Lol She's Way Younger Than Him
there are some days when being a grown up scares the daylights outta me.
Thanks stud for defending me. Suck it
I met your brother last night,he was convinced I was at your birthday last year
there is a waiting period for brooks brothers suits, alterations usually take about a week there
Dang! Already? That's fantastic.
- Your bio... you can say the same thing about Obama
Too funny. Nice comparison, I hadn't thought of that.
Hope all of you are following the songstress
Thank you, dear :) That was just what I needed. Assurance.
FINAL: No. 1 seed Spalding University defeats No. 5 Southern Virginia 4-2; Golden Eagles advance to #USCAASCWS semis tomorrow at 2pm.
I'm fucking dead at
No. It's spelled artisanal. But I keep spelling it wrong and Word keeps yelling at me. So now I will never spell it wrong again.
I love how he treats me like fucking shit after we have sex. #NeverFails. He pisses me off so much. <3Rainbows<3P.L.U.R.<3
Hi ya fellow "geek"
So honored to be asked to be on the fundraising committee- such a great cause www.achievementcenters.org
Just saw a guy on a Starship Enterprise motorcycle. Then someone told me he's always in O-B. What a shock.
yeah, there are a few highlights, but I think it's better to take advantage of the empty restaurants this weekend
Remember LiLLiES #HappyHour is ALL DAY Monday and Tuesday! $3 domestics, $5 rails, $6 house wine, and half price off apps!
I've been clicking the follow button a lot today lol
AS LONG AS I'M YOUR HOOKER
No, not yet--but it really is on my list. I think it just moved up on it.
that one wasnt a strike? // who knows with this guy behind the plate?
Akron, OH and I'm doing great! How are you?
Kids under three are FREE!! Call today to set up your child's first appointment: 608-836-5700
i love the feeling when you get outta the shower! :)
please do!!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 3
We Did It! Made #1 on Google for "Tucson Business Cards" and now occupy 3 out of 10 positions on page 1. Thanks Everyone
at lucky buddah. these fuqen straight boys are hott as sh*t! this is weird 0.o
Philip Rivers is still spelling his name like that.
mhmmm getting hit in the face...#score cant wait
I LOVE dancing w the stars!
ha... nope, totally my drink. I could pull off a Kristen tho... right?
Meeting with today!
fish taco *ME
Lost another chicken to a fox today...
My background is a picture of some students from my elementary school. I will always love that place...
Kloppenberg back on top. CRAP.
Omgosh. Already so many posts to share for #mhblogday. This is going to be a busy day. I like it!
54 yrs ago, today, I was born. 50 yrs ago, today, my family (my parents, sister, and I) moved to Harlow, Essex, where my brother was born.
um I am seeing it with both of you guys
sounds like fun haha
can't wait til we team up!!!!!
That was a hard but clean play. Good to see that Gamel's taking his gig seriously.
GCB got canceled. :(
Sometimes I want to give it all up and become a beautiful billionaire.
follow back?
I'm actually not at #astd12 either. I was booked for two other conferences before I could sign up :( Maybe next year.
That FML moment when : you hop into bed, get under your covers, then realized you forgot to turn off the light. -___-
New Barnet Courtyard Offers Space for Art and Respite
It does feel like there's a bit of a glut in more "traditional" areas of LIS, but maybe it's also an opportunity to branch out?
quit school. listen to our record instead
So many opportunties coming my way :)
Fashionable Fridays are always a favorite headed to sissy's for dinner how perfect is southern food and a name like that for a gay boy!
We have another 9 wk eve class starting Aug 11, T&TH from 6-9pm! Lots of space so check out our website at www.tuckerschool.com!
Woohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lisa Lampanelli tweet me today!!! Today will be a good day!!!
hey! thanks for the follow. there is a link for mediafire now.
So when #Israel talks about attacking #Iran, we sit and wonder how they will do it? Might as well give them the go ahead.
you are a doll. thanks, glad you like.
So who's JJ going to cast as Kruge? As the Whale Probe?
very cool!
Send an all-company email to notify staff that a position has been posted and that you are hiring employees
Why Google And Facebook May Disappear In Five Years
Um hey new jersey, GREEN = ST PATTYS DAY , GREEN AND RED = CHRISTMAS.
These folks Betta quit playin wit school. Gone mess around n be a junky or some .
What would it take for today to be the best day of your life to date?
Mets are finally coming alive <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Tear down the Eshweiler Buildings?! That is such a horrific idea, it shouldn't even be contemplated! What is wrong with these people?!
I feel like a lame staying home on a nice Saturday night, but then I think about my three work days ahead and now I have no regrets
no long term impact for schools -unless- they win the championship like UK #sbchat ...banners hang forever
At Times It Seems Like You Do Not Care. Others It Seems Like You Are The Only One That Cares. Where Is The Middle?
ok I'll do that
the dreamer set. i got like such a lame name compared to everyone idek LOL
Had a great experience playing w/ our good friends Nomadic @ Murphy's last night in Boone, NC. App State has a cool vibe for sure!
has me winning 2013 Democratic Mayoral Primary v. Wagner, Lamb & Peduto and my approval rating has skyrocketed to 24%!
I met a lady on Saturday who got a Chinese symbol tattoo on her coccyx. She thought it said "Mysterious" but it actually says "Constipated."
Since mitt romney has amassed so much wealth, you would think he could buy a heart & soul & make himself SEEM more authentic.
Before you get out of bed give thanks for 5 things in your life. Set the vibration for the day
We need to understand that our carnal mind can sometimes be at enmity with God (Romans 8:7). Sometimes faith looks crazy!
good day D hope all is well.
Just flew in from Boston. Had some great people and stores there.
Very nervous about this gm rt now
PSA: We'll be closed for a private event during the day tomorrow, Friday 4/13, from Noon-5pm!
They must be running out of guys with beards by now.
I tweet so hard mofos wanna fine me
All i wanna be doing right now is squidding in my bed, instead im outside shoveling mulch with a fucking pitchfork
UCONN game is far from over
Ooh! Is that what I think it is?
do it
awesome treatment with the brushes. Great work fellas.
Keep on rocking in the free world
After going 5-0 last night I did not go out partying or buying shots like an degenerate gambler,I went to work on #Soccer get on the list
Happy Birthday man. Have a good weekend.
is that a hill I see?
Aa bonus only one on the jogging track!
OH Man cant wait for #REVOLT TV from Congrats on that accomplishment. I need to work there..
Q3 Trying to do a little marketing, as we're part of a larger org and haven't been featured lately.
Being hurt <<<
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. Aristotle
Finally got my #pinterest invite!!!!!
think I will try it tomorrow . I'll be the one with the broken finger.....Melrose is like 5 min from office
Part of me wants to retweet/spam the Deficit Super Committee members to add poker to their plans, but I fear I'd lose precious followers.
Happy Star Wars Day everyone ! May the Fourth be with You....!
I swear, smh.
I just wanted to thanks everyone for being Dianely's fans! You all Rock!
Biting in the Stanley Cup, seriously?
I don't like the new fb page!
something bout a pinhole beside the battery, holding cap/lock/delete? Or something like that..
wrong answer...right answer =
Happy V Day :) Love you too <3
Who Was Your Favorite Teacher and Why?
RT : CDC just gave shout out to Henrico county schools & field of dreams farm for bringing fresh local food to schools. yes!...
She's busy playing Wii tennis :)
#confession I need a new twitter profile pic. I just liked it and kept it way too long.
Listening to some great classical rock pieces. In love!
lmaooo tbh I don't even have a clue if am doing this rite! Had twitter nearly a year n all iv done is stork celebs :$
Michelle Branch songs always put me in a good mood. Have not heard these in a while
Nice. I'm fond of Peter Hamilton's "Pandora's Star" and sequel.
it's only 20 dollars a year. Do you get allowance
my number is 316 (for obvious reasons) Merry Christmas Mr.&Mrs. Claus
2nd week I think. I'll probably fly bc we're going floating and that makes for a long 10.5 hr drive back.
BEST DAY EVER! Clearly Ally has magical powers. See y'all tonight!!
loll sounds like a great night
fyi, the twitter link on the top right of your site isn't a link, just a picture. Also: cool site :)
You're a 90's kid if you know all the words to Bel Biv Devoe's DO ME! Smack it up, flip it, rub it down, oh no...the girl's gonna do me
never say never justin bieber... lmao how many days have i been messing with u lmao
The Chula Vista Chamber endorsed the following candidates: for Seat 3; & for Seat 4.
the year we all died.
Sabathia trade. Made them a real team.
I jumped that bandwagon too many times to know better than to root for the Canucks :D
Not always
Thanks for the follow. What part of Memphis you rep.
Brandon Roy when he had knees.
A cute little boy just said hi to me. From beneath the bathroom stall door.
The crowd's adrenaline & pheromones are being harvested toward some terrible (mecha-insectoid?) purpose.
only love for you to lol
Thanks for the follow. I "just" bought new tags for our pups but will order from you next time - so cute! And local! oxo
The floral smell in the air is intoxicating.
All students: tomorrow Nov 4th is the last day to drop courses. Please see your advisor before taking action to discuss best options for you
I love her already.
Neighborhood patrols increase after string of break-ins and burglaries in Fishers
We're done in the Middle East. It's time for another war, closer to home, to help out the economy. :-)
LoL RT : I have nothing personal against Reggie Miller, his voice is like listening to a 3 hour lecture from Fran Drescher
I feel the same way with some of them.
Think it's overrated.
Refs blew the whistle as soon as Bennett went down. So even if he fumbled, the play was dead. Refs got it right.
On the concourse waiting to take off to Cancun. There are electrical problems with the plane.
who are you again?
ThankU 4 yr constant support! I continue 2 work hard despite my twitter presence :) can't wait 2read 1st by Jamie Corrigan!
NBC keeps pulling out these age related facts and my only thought is "how is that a stat?"
Getting there is the problem
I used to have a life B4 I had a job!
Awesome Will do!
I havent studied today... Wasn't planning to either
Haven't watched "Only Angels Have Wings" in years. Thx for reminding me!
In the thick of end-of-the-semester sentimentality. Proud of my students.
Here it goes...
Just as long as you're not Asian.
Jack's Monday league is a Sport League and his Friday League is his House Shot League. Hope that helps.
Congratulations you guys and the to the newest addition to AV Archives! :) We'll expect her at 9 on Monday.
Hungry. I haven't ate since 4:30 yesterday. My mom said she think I'm bulimic -__-
of course! (: I would love to!
just got off the phone with my bank - I can officially withdrawal money in Beijing and they won't think I'm a criminal<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
The power of God can be conducted through cloth and handkerchiefs, but God prefers to use people like you and me.
Thanks for the #FF!
I miss my kiddos being babies.
Gonna get my eyebrows done for the first time.
Futbol beat down of Biblical proportions this am at ManU
Mommy, what's a Channing Tatum?
a little hard to watch yes! Maybe next time right?
Ouch, those were some expensive flowers. This had better buy me some major long-term grief relief.
Love coming home to a clean house I didn't have to clean.
eh, I used to be a Mormon. They don't take compliments well. Or polygamy laws.
Where is all the snow? Not a fan of this rain at all...looking forward to the sunshine in Brazil very soon!
Why do so many folks flock to bad movies?
I'm so glad I'm not alone!
Just tried it - no fish taste! Lots of people here took samples so I'll let you know any reax. Thanks!!
Ah guys best thing ever just went down! This guy said "you sing likea angel" awww so happy! Haha
God I hope Seth isn't really done. Loved having 2 hometown starters on the team.
People who hate on my dude need to get some sense, the man does his job very well, knows more about sports than most
yeah that's what annoys me about a lot of video games. Wld really like to see a post abt the medieval & vid games though
Yep. Working on it right now.
it's funny that you went to sleep when I woke up.
"Don't talk to strangers." "Well , how am I supposed to make friends?" -__-
Come meet Andrew today for happy hour. He's funny, he's smart and he has HUGE BEARD!
Haha we'll see if they learned their lessons from Madrid two years ago.
If Eve was created from a rib from Adam wouldn't it be incest? Where'd everyone come from if they only had Cain & Able?
videos Bout to check out this Grey
date for next week? i gotta give you your books back!
Thank you for recommending LOC website, I appreciate it!
Theres a whole lot of things i am willing to forgive but i just cant take a lier </3
"75% of dentists keep asking you questions while their hands are in your mouth." - Hopefully ask questions with yes / no answers
no problem!
“: 100lb snatch!!!!! FINALLY got it!!! Woohoo! #crossfit”great job!
Also hiring a VP of Products & Marketing in Austin (job description forthcoming)
watching your show Missing.
would appreciate a reply...
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for Pacific Northwest WA, OR. www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
Tonight's SVU is about gay marriage? Congrats to Dick Wolf on fastest headline rip
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Great question I wanna know tooRT What does it mean when u dream abt someone?
Lovin' the new papaya mango flavor
JB, why you no let me buy your song? =[ I waited up...
Is anyone a vegetarian?
Finally feeling the #hoosiers spirit! Go IU!
¤ Tis the most tender part of love each other to forgive. John Sheffiel
Since when did people start referring to their bodyguards as "boyfriends"?
Because Mormonism is not against same-sex marriage? #Romney is a rich Bishop who thinks same-sex marriage is anti-business.
Im very sarcastic.
I don't hate you, but if you were on fire and i had water, I'd drink it.
Its too hot to tweet!! lol
We almost have 1,200 twitter followers. =D
Just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience--well, that comes from poor judgment.
Sadly, the laughs for "Parks and Recreation" don't come until season 2.
Hey - I'm loving , brilliant experiment! Have you ever seen any of 's stuff on metacurrencies?
You know he is white right? lol... but he is asleep right now... I'll let him know in the morning...
WorldStar be shaking!
so this morning is terrible…been up since 3 working on stuff…then i get in my car 2 go 2 school & get around the corner 2 notice a flat tire
Folks how do I get a posting block removed? No help on the site from operators/mods
This guys name is Steve Francis ... Please be who I think you are.
Agreed. But I am happy with the overall outcome.
Come hang out at the Fox and Hound tonight! Campbell and 75. (Over 21 only, please.)
Nothing Much Bro! Getting ready to get in some Morning Cardio!
Every other city we go, every other video, no matter where we go we see the same fcken hoes! lol
yeah this guy had no emotion but he hit the nail on the head
Who's got their group shirting face on for tomorrow?
Black Documentary for the day "Unchained Memories: Readings from the Slave Narratives."
I don't wanna go to school,why does spring break have to be over?!):
I can't believe how unpredictable the NFL playoffs have been.
I'm half-happy about this.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Therapists - are you attending the 2012 CSM in Chicago? Stop by our booth for more information on Career Opps
Philip EMBURY, a German speaking Irishman brought Methodism to America. Fascinating story, Google it.
como diz o slogan da Nike: "Just Do It"
Guys i got a C on my midterms for my online class! :D
Ethier has improved his temper issues this year but getting tossed over arguing balls and strikes when Kemp is already out
Okay so when are we gonna hear the full version of that song "It Feels Like" ? I love it already
will Facebook buy Pinterest already, sort of tired of hearing about Pins...
back on track! Went to 48th/49th and forest home last night. Looking to pick up the pace! Any followers want to go sometime?
RT Week and a half left of this diet n exercise crap
Enjoy it while it lasts #Athletics fans. Inge probably won't get you another basehit for a couple more weeks the way he hits.
Yes, i put new music in my ipods ^__^
I wish he would follow me!
Toots restaurant pronounced with an oo sound, not uhts sound. Also the oo in the word are highlighted on the waitress breast
Mary Kay Truth About Abuse national survey reports #victims struggling to find jobs & #shelter expect situation will only get worse
Callback. The one I had a good feeling about. Keep them fingers firmly crossed for a bit, please?
I'm a little confused because I had the impression that Curt Schilling's company was really successful.
: So !! Looks like we will be seeing you bright and early for some tense end of season footie!
That smoking commercial seriously scares me...
I'm black and I'm proud
*big smiles* to everyone :D ^_^
Just had some really good #BBQ for lunch at Branding Iron BBQ in Harrisonville. Definitely get the Pit Beans!
look forward to being in SF next week
pls say hi to Steve Nodine from Mason!
"I wasn't that drunk", ""Dude, you spent 3 hours yelling 'Never' at my sister's Justin Bieber posters!"
So, I think everyone in EngComp, should have everything updated on their page. Everyone breath.
Good luck hope u win
Assistant captain.
Ahoy! Thank you for sharing and YOU'RE awesome!
Shout to Butch Vig
Twitter is to tweets as Lithium Networks is to expert network solutions
I just wanna be happy
I thought Hunger Games was about fighting for food... It isn't...? Um.. this is awk...
You don't miss a beat, do you Leslie? You are one busy PR lady!!
Leaving tomorrow for Georgia (:
I'm just weary of the accuracy of Fuelband and how meaningful "Nike Fuel" actually is. Plus I like being able to hide my fitbit
Learn to take care of your own responsibilities, its not my job.
Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson first rehearsal! FUN!
!Es un placer!
That awkward moment when people are in your parking spot in front of the store because they didn't know it was yours
niiiiccce! Cheers brother!!
Has been taken over by 'the flu'!!!
“: All cows in the world have different patterns of spots and not a single one has them identical to another.” holy shit! $$$
About to go to work, glad I don't have to clock in or do something I hate! The life of a DJ has it's bad,but it certainly has its PERKS!
Thanks will c if I can get it 2 u by christmas!!!
you obviously dont listen if you still think it has to do with standards or even you
haha I totally noticed that, too! It's like an outer space fascinator.
RT : It's not really love if it's not the truth.
Maybe we need to think of ourselves as amphibious: I consider the water my product time; on land? that's process time
I'm white, but I'm not Nascar fan white.
I thought the event could've been way more organized especially for people with judging tickets. We barely got to try anything!
my funds consist of $20 every 2 weeks starting next week
Day 96 of 100: I am thankful for being so close to the 100 :)
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Slim 7 Inch Faux Leather Keyboard Case for
Have you seen the Harry Shearer doc The Big Uneasy? Good stuff
There will be none. No cupcake baking pans round these parts apparently.
new study hall is on lock down!
yeah that was you
Scary, yes. But still . . . yay for accountability!
Promess tomorrow wil be NAVY YARD!
Accept it. Your parents HAVE had sex before.
Looking forward to the #Masters and rootin for the Golf Boys! (no particular order)
Outside Exeunt towers the bailiffs circle like sharks, while N scrawls the slogan “graduate sans futures” onto a value tin of tuna.
ewwwwie hahah yep but listen to and ease tell people to follow me(: and him!!!
thanks Greg. Which piece of yours is that?
RT : Lost something in the #IUPUI library? Check the library's lost and found at the Circulation Desk. We have lost flash drives.
Nervous and excited to be starting the "Feel Good and Look Great" program w/ tonight
#FF thanks for support!
can u sent me link with implants description?
camping. for the weekend!
there's no way i'm getting this lab done.
wow, hunter got you really good today... that was hilarious
I hate it when you just don't get the respect you want back.
I know right?? It's made to be more difficult/confusing than necessary
I didn't. He had the grossest dress ever. Ew.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
Take it to the head.
Yes, you're up.... or yes, you're up but bregrudgingly?? :D
"Bang Someone Like You" sounds like Britney Spears covering Adele.
Fuse...is being pampering poolside. What a beautiful day!
I love you your music ur style your voice your tweets I love ur mix tape I just <3 u follow ? :)
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention Im lookin for an apartment
You are today where your thoughts have brought you. You will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you. ~James Allen
What Has Music Come Down To These Days...I Just Got 1 Question? Rick Ross TF Was U Thinkin-#MMG Tweet
What I love about Texas: Torrential storms one hour, beautiful sunset the next.
It seems like everyone around me getting sick. I hope I don't get .......
was meeting up with peeps at Make Westing. We need to get together soon!
We'd definitely like to reach out to all the artist in the Fulton Market area that have moved in recently to participate!
I am beginning to realize that you lied to me and you're like all the rest I've known. Not really surprised but upset, cuz I liked you...
Camped out with and It was pretty dang exciting.
did you just thank yourself for a RT? I completely agree about engage, excite, and educate as goals of interaction
Paging ... RT : hm. The doesn't 'side' w any bloggers or particular ideology.
WOOT! We just reached 500 Followers! If you are a parent with anxious kids, please check it out. Counselors trust our award winning program.
no u aint
Who scores with evangelicals? What is the most important candidate quality? breaks it down up next on CNN Early Start
just got here and I already wanna go home
We want you to play our scavenger hunt! Come to booth 318!
what happen?!?
The opening night party was hoppin'!!!
You know what I'm sayin'?! We got Artest for game 7, so hopefully they'll do damage! Let's hope Gasol&Bynum step it up, too.
Polls closed for the #elections 1 hour ago on the east coast! Stay tuned as 's Clarity ENR powers election results online!
Thank you for Re-tweeting my quote!!!
Being introduced by a former student (one much smarter than me) is very cool.
Missing Friday house tea (and house mates)
most memorable putt on tour?
Days like today make me wish I had a motorcycle
.....lol..hit those snacks mama
so why is it that when I wake early on a Sunday morning the first thing on my mind is Golden Coral :/
oh em ge I gotta invite?
Joe, I'll be around the expo area for a lot of the day. Give me a shout via DM or something when you're around
THANK YOU!!!
get parallels and run windows on mac
will you bring it tomorrow? I'm always braindead and forget to remind you, haha.
no its not ppl is just lost n wrong life was supposed to be greater then this bt we can live rt lol.
I agree!!!! Just spent a few hours sorting through the boys clothes and getting ready for baby boy #3. So excited! Do it!!!
#PghPC Don't forget to register to attend our next event here on October 27 www.tinyurl.com/PPCGhostHunt Don't miss this!
What we eating
haha, thanks! I read the book for "research". Can't complain about that :)
bad idea u do u
santorum and bachmann make me sick, who are they to tell us how to live?
I just saw that poll in the #MKE Biz Journal re #streetcar project. I didn't realize opinion was that unfavorable. Me, I'm not sure.
The weather outside is...sunny.
Don't you hate it when people don't get the hint?
Thanks, Leigh Ann!
I want to be part of your life.
u kno I only play the classic shit lol
is the best time
thank you im glad =) lol
Thank you for such a great, interactive class this semester, Robert! Keep doing what you're doing, and let's keep in touch. :)
I just saw an ad in my timeline... Is this really happening now?
Id rather watch baseball tonight than his show. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> okay that was a little to bold. but regardless he's a moron.
hey whats up
Bob is , , , the enemy Or like U say tehell with Republicans,I love it when U get Mad noNames!
Sad news on #CarrollShelby That's one giant bit of American legend right there...
yes there is. It's so bad for you. Choose water.
loading new songs for the race tomorrow! gonna be cold! I'm having second thoughts now lol!
Class sucks
Giants and Cubs
so promoted tweets get in my stream without my asking for them? didn't we used to call that 'spam'?
I need #followers :(
why is that? What is 's position on enviro, LGBT, education, guns, trains, etc? Don't know enough about him.
Now I don't got money for my ticket lol
last year it did, yes - gave me a very hard time with 5 yr old and was traveling from CA to MA for my mother's death.
could you point me in the direction of a guide?
Thanks, man. US has to knock down the outside looks. Long rebounds = transition hoops for the Orange = typical disgusting display
I knew that was you, but I would've felt like a meat head if I sent a text and it wasn't. What's new? Seasons over you dog us???
Unacceptable Behaviors: verbal sexual advances or propositions
Hm. Crazy trance music kid isn't blasting his music at a billion decibels in the elevator today, someone's Lookin out for me
Who has picked up their copy of It's All About You? Get them before they are gone!
yeah I met him twice but the first time we were aloud to get pictures bc there was so many fans for him. And the second time...
My computer says 76 degrees, I'm outta here.... Go find a park, try a bike trail, GET OUTSIDE!
This answers some questions... "RT "It takes a tough man to make a tender chicken." - Frank Perdue"
ur very mean ya kno that my boi friend is rite here and u put tht up there smh
im next to you now, bumming lol & i love you a lot!
I know you are!! Keep it up!!
Thanks for the #FF!
I hope makes it back before tipoff
WOW - what does the sugar below have to do with all the extra "dough" on the outside. That would have made me angry
help me I'm poor
Yes!! RT : #Carnival has arrived!
good evening one and all, hows it hanging this wonderful evening?
Ah. Do I have to come North and help you fight the monster away?
Ah I love jalapeños.... There my favorite!
GOOD to know. RT : "Change your FB ad creative if your CTR falls <0.06% as FB will stop running your ad"
Bet you are!!
Today's red isn't it?
RT : Great timing RT Redskins safety Meriweather arrested for DUI -- Like really??
"Things to do in Denver When You're Dead"
THAT is one sweet ass pic!!! You guys are ROCK!!!
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. ~ George Bernard Shaw
Prevention is better than cure. ~ Desiderius Erasmus
neridahart: in Chicago - in transit to NY - well organised airport - am impressed
Being lightheaded as no other and in a no good mood. <<<<
it don't matter cuz your hot
HS worry "girls" will share "too much info," meet pedophiles posing as teen civics students for coffee; also anonymity & bullying.
I wish the best for them. Either way. They gave us what we wanted most.
In jersey
Hittin the studio early tomorrow morning gotta get it in!!!
I'm not studying til 5:30. Wanna get some 2gay going?
Thinking about us..
what about u
eh money can be made at anytime.
im trying to create a gospe band who down with me lol im so serious i need a drummer a piano player a guitar player and singers
Your excellent work w/ was a big topic at a #socialmedia for non-profits panel I moderated last night.
Going home now after visiting my dad for a while. He is the Officer of the Day so we had to come visit him.
Happy New Year, ! Can't wait to see how you Caucus on Tuesday. I love politics, admire yourself and my home state.
The lovely tells us that she finds inspiration by photography, paintings, museums and bad drivers :)
text me!
ur really pretty maybe we can be friends
Fake niggas pull triggers too..that's why I dont rap about that's gangsta shit that much ..that's not wzup
That was great!
I need some love this morning <U+2764>
om I love you.
#SomeoneWhoCan cook amazing mouth- watering food that just makes you melt in your seat.
ALL YA GOT TO GO OFF IS MY AVI HUH......
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx DAZED &CONFUSED..
What did soulja boy say?.
Means You Know RT : What does tu sabes mean.
Thank you! We'll try to rustle up some Michigan pins for you.
Dear GOD, While U handin out injuries, & doin the right now PLEASE stop by the SPURS...Amen
lol!!! The day I'm that lucky, I'm buying a shit ton of lottery tickets!!
..with those Nike descriptions of the jerseys. As DD said so rightly, the best advertising creates a nostalgic calamine..
In fact, that means a lot! ;)
Bball league game Praying that I don't play like a pos - again
Push beyond the border of excellence- CROM
we would love to!!!
Gym? No. Gym? Uh uh. Gym? Ehhh. Gym? No. NO. It's almost boating season... I hate you. Gym?
RT : TRAVEL AGENT REMINDER: Win a cruise! Uniworld #cruisechat is tomorrow Thursday, 4/19 at 11 am PDT. Mark your calendars!
Loving the music
#AustinTo700K !! Come On #MAHOMIES We Can Do This! #AustinTo700K <<<Trend!!(:
Love this: one student applicant writes, "I have never thought of myself as a blogger, but as our school continues to make the... part1of2
these modeks and actresses are trippy in hollywood!!!
The iphone 5 looks gorgeous!
This is gonna be a long long day
Time to see how good this movie 'Immortals' is.
Got in my Vote for today! Can't wait to do it again in June!
i need sum followers
“: Twitter managers in full effect right now.” No kidding!!
Celebrating a successful #twitterbinge at Miller Park w/ , maybe some Let's go Crew!
naw im more of a visual hands on person <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
my mother in law just got married to a man who has the same last name...
When will these kids learn that it is not safe to drive and text, be smart and stop doing dumb shit. This is your life..THINK.
finished Black Jack, it is very legit :)
love the cake, looks good. Love the support
Be Happy :) Show tomorrow night !!! Friday the 21st in Hollywood at ...This is a great Show with many amazing bands
Congratulations to my home town baseball team, the St. Louis , on their epic World Series win!!!
grand central is the worst lol
Walk up in the school Fuck Everybody.
Happy belated moms day, grandma! sorry, we were on a shoot and didn't have good internet! love you! <3
As God's children we need to step up, be bold & tell ppl the Truth<3
I'm so grateful to have a best friend that's willing to help me out when my own family won't <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> beyond blessed!
Amazing new #ElevenElevenWatches coming in very soon!!! You're gonna love what's coming!!!
Finally got paid now I need shade & a vacay & niggas still hatin so much hate I need a AK <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
"Scream" by Usher is a highkey
Volunteer , tomorrow !
Good morning .
Hello ! Always happy to chat- Thursday's my best day this week. Would that work?
Want to know how much stuff we get at the MOMS Sale? Check this out!
what u doin?
Q1, Not had to hire anyone in my current role, but would normally email them a welcome and offer any assistance.
One down. Three to go!
Uh, yeah. NO THANK YOU! Sounds like E85 is over. Appreciate you sharing.
How does a Doctor add text/phone/social media/increased face-to-face time w/patients and not lose $ from 3rd party payors?
PickUpLine: Do you like jigsaw puzzles? Let's go to my room and put our pieces together.
today in school is just going to be a waste of time
I feel the urge to let a stream of profanity fly that would turn the air blue
It really has been a while, I been good, right now I'm Watching Spongebob lmao u no how we love our childhood shows
So we are recording a NEW ACOUSTIC COVER tomorrow! Any last minute suggestions of what song we should do!?
Let's go
Thank you Hirsch!!
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose!!! <3
ya thats what i thought to im the biggest Chris fan here
why is that? Curious..such a water based plant. What is the vasodilator in it?
I refuse to be an option.
sweet thanks <U+E415>
I wanna see the three stooges aha
what's your email again
you trying to play there?
What's up with all the pregnant models in Whole Foods? Springtime in Soho?
His tweets sound like a third grader writes them, which would have been ok had he not gutted the WI education system.
it sucks
I've realized...that I'm not really into excessively romantic guys. That is all.
those two are definitely past their use or freeze by date.
We were watching gvsu vs ashland online at work yesterday lol
Hahaha well that sucks for you :P
Partying all Summer. :P
Sure. Let me chat here a bit.
Jennifer is thinking about why things aren't changing: where's the passion? why aren't we throwing the tea overboard?
We're just two love birds that's why we're always tweeting **
I'm not I'm a nerd
lights r killing mke
I agree with you about the rebuild but what you asked was about the job Mike Brown has been doing, he's doing enough
I love life so much right now
Logophiles rejoice! Dictionary of American Regional English (DARE) tweeting word a day. Follow
haha well at least you can still play it! :P
Where do you get a "guru" degree? Haha Come on.... Just call it what it is #ahustle!
u in bia's garage?
WHERE can you play bingo in #kc?
Love it
Working on some pre-made font graphics. We'll be selling our products in limited quantities.
Im doing great missy! thanks for asking! what u up too?
We are very excited that we will be neighbors with the Museum of Photographic Arts in Balboa Park during our six-week exhibition this fall!
Roddy White cant do it all
"Diners drive-ins and dives" is the least appetizing show on the food network. Mostly because of Guy Fieri and whatever happened to his head
My ~zen~ morning came to a halt once the contractors started banging on my roof. Thank God I'm not hungover.
At mobile revolution and scientific publishing.
better put ur party pants on for tonight. We r gettin weird!
CALL IT 'SPONGEBOB' Lol! That's random!
Our last 10 TICKETS to our grand opening are available NOW! Come to 2718 J Street for your last chance to get into our party
San Diego, California Weather :: 62F OVERCAST: 62F OVERCAST
GO SPURS GO! Way to beat the Fakers! BOOM.
Boo. Donald & Peta got robbed. Only one 10?! They totally deserved a 30!!
We were shocked to see how many signed up to receive invites. However for the first round, there are only a few. But we will be adding more
what. we have to work today?
100% of patients report their dentist does not perform blood pressure checks & blood screenings. Fight heart disease. www.closys.com
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer someone else up. Mark Twain
RT : First day at Bologna Fair over and everybody seems to be asking: Where is the line between app and e-book?
Oh No! Now I've got Kris Katan and Will Ferrell in my head. What is Love?
you name a day sista!
But Somebody Gotta Pretend I Guess
im FANTASTIC, how are you?(:
Seriously though... When were you supposed to live?!?
been incredibly slow for me for a couple weeks now
beware the
With wide arrays of tubes available for sale, the choices and preferences are lots of
If you are planning about opening a clothing store, then consider the location
hah tell me your address :P
We do oppose SW plan for #WI and we're to help you grow your rare flowers when you get them.
: Last show tonight at the headhouse in south Philly, 10:30. $7
I mean look- when you got it, you got it
Absolutely agree about the amazing consignment stores in the DC area for my client's stuff. LOVE and #Inga's.
Can't wait to throw some meat on the Grill for the Tailgate Kick-Off Show this weekend!
RT "#tweetshout...a tweet shout out."pass it on ;)
Thank you to and the rest of the sponsors of the Young MKE Holiday Gala!
If you're tired of starting over, stop giving up.
That Lazy Feeling You Get When You Get Home From School <3 >>>
I will be copping those.....
she's getting "cookie monster" cookies for her birthday, just for being so cute.
pretty much.
Ditto!! :-) : Congrats on graduation!! I'm sure I'll need your legally advice one day, Elle Bodie!
RT no problem you've got a nice collection
Not a good week for Spanish sides in the Champions League. Maybe they'll have more luck in the Europa League
Is there a secret Algren handshake?
I really need a new avi or twit pic, whatever you call it.
I need a job so I can buy things. I want all tho stuff but can't afford it. Sadface ):
What is your favorite holiday tradition?
If you're a light hitting outfielder, you better fucking play good D
Can't do it
RIP MCA. Keep Fightin' for the Right to Party
#Vanderbilt closes the first half on a 13-3 run to take a 33-23 lead into halftime against
Yep. Found my pop sound. Game over.
Q3 Successfully incorporating influencers in your #sm marketing involves pure engagement where there is a call & response reaction.
I know, right? One of my favorites these days.
Next person that tells me they wish they had a sister, I'm goin to smack them in the face. You can have my DUMBASS sister!
They take students if there's space not until they run out of it.
Is it weird to feel uncomfortable around your Family
RT : "I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think" -Socrates
Change has to start somewhere. Why not where it matters the most: with getting patrons and students stoked!
Tired as fuck. We were busy tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Cheerios for the boy, Kentucky bourbon for dad. Johnny Cash kid songs for us both.
Great article, thanks! Missed everyone at also. Got back from visiting family in Ohio yesterday.
Turned your back on tomorrow,forget yesterday. Gave you my love to borrow and you just gave it away~(payphone marron 5)
Feels like a little worm on a bug fuckin hook.(The Crow)
oh true tht you got dat rite there not going to lay a hand on them
Watch it Keith or I'll unfollow you...LOL
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
Morning everyone!!!! No univ for me today:(.
Hey guys, did you know that New England is out to win the league? All seventeen people at the Revs game just said so.
Am I missing??? RT : oh where, oh where has gone? oh where, oh where can he be?
Very true!
Don't ever take love, life, family or health for granted!! These are the reasons to get out of bed each day :)
This rain sounds beautiful
alien, why you bring me here?
good luck tomorrow!!!!
Absolutely.He hit Tulo in back.Usually no prob.It was his actions afterwards that resulted in suspension,unless MLBs gone soft.
burning Cd's for the car ride to go see tomorrow. Can't wait.
As Lindsay Lohan rehearses for SNL in New York this week she keeps thinking to herself Linsanity is a new term to describe her
Ima wave bye when I see you haters
This can't help but be awesome :)
free tats for life u get me in a film of urs even though u can buy anythin u want. 21 jump was funny as hell. great actor man
Yoink *hurled verbatim into swipe file*
I love the Nike Gloves but it was unique that Oregon fans put there hands together like a bunch of Bieber fans now every NFL stadium will.
Going to LA Times Festival of Books? I'll be emcee at the YA Stage today and tomorrow from 11-5. Stop by and say hi!
Are you going on the air to report?
what do you love most about acting?
her sxsw talk is a destination stop for the people who build Internet things. "look at the novice!"
Give customers enough information to persuade themselves to buy. I do this constantly!
RT : RT : Perspective people... #wiunion did an incredible thing even if they don't get three
Love you sis! It's been a blast chillin with you these last few weeks. I'm gonna miss you like WOAH!
Cutch! Who else?
Nutcracker in Denver CO - excellent performance. Highly recommend taking the time to take in the show this Holiday Season!!
to exercise its faith or tenets. Should it? Esp if it believes "its religion" IS "the religion". I thought religion is supposed to >
I fear the smartz would overwhelm me.
i feel very happy right now! A lot to look forward to so glad to have my health back and under control :)
Happy Easter and Merry Spring people.....BTW I thought of this yesterday morning..lol I eve made signs..o.O
lol i do believe most woman are secret lesbians!!!
Sex sex sex....do I have your attention, good cuz I was jus bullshittin
Upside- Amanda Knox is free. Downside- I don't get to tweet my disparaging Italian court jokes.
Thanks as always for the promo. Looking forward to next weekend!
My parents trying to figure out my dad's iPad. Way too amusing.
OKC turns the ball over too much to win a championship!
Finally out school
apparently there's a bug...so it's not you, it's Twitter :)
If a glass cup has no "life".... Well that's what they say.
answer a ? for an old school coral springs guy: what's wrong with baseball?
Just got this new blkberrytorch. I'm finna be a beast on this twit game12 gat
what is the best way to get a child started in print work?He really loves the camera and it seems to love him also:)))
HEY HEY HEY TODAY IS DERBY DAY COME ON IN LADIES !!! WE HAVE DRESSES, TOPS , ROMPERS 4443 CANERUN ROAD
#Tired! -____-" I'm going 2 sleep.. Goodbye twitter! :P
This is so excellent. I'd like the voice of this poem to be my
Pats running back Taylor to have ankle surgery
that is what I expected; sounds good. Follow me, and I will send more information.
I decree that it's okay to eat two #cupcakes in one day. Officially.
Platforms have the power to require minimum stands from apps developers. CDA 230 does not encourage responsibility from platforms
Avengers, 9:45, Security Square Mall, who's coming with me?
Space Shuttle flying over NYC. Pretty cool to see
Chair Wachtmann stops Rep. Carney from asking questions "so that opponents can testify." Chair could have called expert witnesses first.
Any word on the other jobs open right now?
The show, Boss is totally boss
saw that this morning too, dope interview.
There's no such thing as falling in love anymore. It's all lust and sexual attraction
This season of softball is only getting more and more frustrating.
I need to change my ringtone and text tone
no problem again gorgeouss<3 andd awhh thank you so much..mean alot to me:) are you meeting them at the be iconic expirence?
: she's precious
yeah I am to bro. Thats good u at least close to family
just talking to you, wbu?(;
GOODTIMES!!!! Lol RT": And Are All In My Damn Mentions"
not annoying at all. Gotta vote for Tony Luca all the way!!! U need to go 2 for 2!!!
"Those #Marquette kids really fill out those jerseys" -- hahaha! Love having Rafftery as a color commentator!
Incredulous that is showing three of its one-off cinephile titles (Maddin vs Ruiz vs Film That Got Away) at the same time 6/25
Don't let the mistakes and disappointments of the past control and direct your future. - Zig Ziglar
Thanks to the new followers... Thanks so much for your support!
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family. ~Anthony Brandt
just ate a bubba gump shrimp and then decided to watch the movie... Ur the best man! Might hafta watch a couple others now!
Vintage game at Consol tonight. statement made by the fans. Keep swinging Pittsburgh. We got them on the ropes.
Can't wait for summer b-ball I feel the future is bright, altho there is still a lot of work2b done. Over 30 games this summer.
I didn't get it
Conclusion: Reading is good. For reading, access to books is essential: "libraries, libraries, libraries, libraries" -Krashen
At 7:40pm find out who has the mic next!
Truth, though I've rarely felt like he was wasting my time. Least favorites: nextwave, Dr. Sleepless, and SVK was disappointing
conscious beings
Your Tryna Test Me , Your Gonna Fail
why is my neighbor mowing his yard at 7 am.
just working lol. It's okay Megs. Well celebrate on Saturday
Woohoo! Thanks for being my 100th follower!
Careful out there Seattle, it's gusty!
Sleeping is for square's!!
Quite pleased that our world is a little less evil tonight.
word...guess you gotta look super fly huh...esp with summer term coming up!
While does his Twitcam im off to school , Yaaaay Me -.- Have a great Day <3
After reading the 6th Harry potter book, I always put counter clockwise stirs in when I'm mixing something
omg lol. dude i just died laughing
is proud of Dead Parrots Society who won CIF's College Improv Tournament last night Fantastic performances across the board.
good morning twitter family <3
I'm really excited to see your goodies! :)
hahaha waking up to..<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> Happens to the best of us.
Love you <3333
The Director doesn't like confrontation. now you know why we're so excited the A.D is leaving.
My new years resolution is 1920x1080.
Well she laid her heart and soul right in your hands. -keith urban
Haha thanks! Happy Friday to you, too!
Can't wait till I go to Dallas for Texas Bar Fights 8 this weekend! Want to see how everyone is in #skullgirls and
#phillyin7 .....oh wait
Bath salts, K2, Spice & now Crocodile-the new drug in US. Kills in 2-3 yrs have u talked to your children
Oh yea, I'll be out there tomorrow
I wanna bake something.
Just heard gas is supposed to jump! Hurry and get it! 3.98 in Grant.
Cinnamon rolls
Always be an innovator!
No grave could hold the King; His powr no stone could keep-He broke the chains of death with victory!...great song 4 today by
yay! Even though I have no idea what that is Looool
NYC lemonade: More of membership is active.
I think I finally get Twitter... Kinda
coz you were singing...
absolutely! Thanks for the RT!
RT“: Full moon looks great on the waves of Lake Michigan tonight, I'm tempted to jump right in after my meeting with D.A. today.”
Peace Bro Damon. Enjoyed you at The comedy show at SF.
That Powerade commercial got me to giggle.
yeast and sugar free ....yeast overgrowth
I cant decide if I should cute my hair like a buzz cut or keep the fohawk? These are big decisions people
If I send this out to /rutherford-genealogy - does it send a special message to all my special list members? If so - very cool!
My brain won't let me sleep....
-- yes but I am dangerous with these new tools...
how to keep SDM from turning into another incarnation of Environmental Studies
Glad the Ravens got their man at 26....er...I mean 27. Thanks Bears!
Gl more exciting than listening to the IRS
The #cherryblossoms & #tourists r out in FORCE tnite!!!
I need to get started on that soon! Can't wait!
She sucked the skin of this dick you shoulda seen this bitch!!
Thanks for the shout-out! Have a great weekend!
No freaking way. The Wiener's Circle is now a TV show! Television has reached new heights and I'm here to witness it!
I'm getting a bump on my chin. #nonono #why #stress <
depends on how you define importance, hoss.
So enjoying this Julius Schulman (environmentalist/architecture photographer/general modernist) documentary. Streaming on now!
You are beyond gorgeous and have an incredible voice. Thanks for following me. (:
no longer following you
you're a smart man but you're no match for 's staggering intellect. The GOP field this year is about smarts, Newt
i adore you soo much. follow me!!! <3 NEVER SAY NEVER. im gonna keep trying til it happens. good morning ;) how are you?
cool. i wonder if anyone recorded it....
Hi Kristin!! Thanks so much! That is super kind of you. :)
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED is almost to the top come on mahomies dont stop tweeting it!!!
It's #Basketball time!
i dont know what to do :( help me
": How bout dem G-Men???" So excited for ! What a game!
Why are so many people so quick to pass judgement about a person based only on there's appearance?
Am I going to have to be the responsible one on this trip? Not a good thing.
Absolutely! 2 hr deep tissue massage every week is perfectly fine!
Catch Eclipse Movement at the #heightsfest at midnight!
Anybody wanna let me use their HBO login so I can kill some time waiting for my ride? please? :D
ha ha miss you sis!
My mood jus changed so fast
have birth ok
sfjazz spring season opened last night with hugh masekela -- rocked! just back from sfjazz collective rehearsal this morn -- cooking!
Independent league Worcester Tornadoes signed 47yr old Jose Canseco to a 1yr contract #theresstilltimeforyou Lol.
"Hello tuck you in every night on the phone. Hello, tuck you in every night."
Arrrrrggggghhhhh!!!! WHAT DID MY DOG ROLL IN???? Bath today...
thinks leaving Sarah Ferguson's face paused for 45 min on my plasma might have been a bad idea lol ;-)
Well come on in and see us.. we don't bite ;)
Warchurch rocking tonite in the LBC at The Pike on 4th...turntables and that funk! (via ) (via )
Salvage the Bones - family function and dysfunction circa Katrina...definitely on my list.
Thanks man. Grats on your Insignia Gnasher!
watching the recruit
Big Sean
To be upset over what you don’t have, is a waste of what you do have. Be grateful!
fun. in a super bowl commercial!
Draft. Day.
hey how ya ben dude?
You guys realize that Fielder is only 5'11", right? Not exactly NFL height. Love him on diamond but not gridiron.
TDM! Leveled up Assault Medic last night in TDM and now I'm ready to try Rush again :)
Just kidding.... #GasolineTrip x
Those dreams when you wake up sweating.
I'm still here!!! I fell out of the tweet mode thanks to Facebook! Yes I can...Yes I can...Yes I can. Hope everyone is happy.
moving onto more DH, less sports: been asked by grad dir to teach DH crs in near future for MA program -- huzzah!! can't wait!!
haha your password was gummy 2011! your gay!!!!!
I wonder which genius @ Cottonelle didnt think about all the doo dooey hands that wud b touching the toilet paper container to get @ the TP!
Might be missed most with 2013 Free Agency, Draft Prep, and internal personnel decisions
Happy Birthday ! I love #patd and you! Hope you big 25 kiss amazing!!!
A suggestion to not leave our homes for five days and a swift start to the rainy season=easy going weekend in Oaxaca.
Psalm 119:10 I seek you with all my heart; do not let me stray from your commands.
what level you on
My thought of the day: Will Brandon Inge make it thru April?
Milla Jovavich for sure. Not sure if anyone will top that.
RT : Get 20% off in Hey Monday's merch store this weekend! bit.ly/nDNKSr (use promo code LABORDAY20)
Thank you guy whp invented yoga pants ;) you sir are a real man of genius #A$$
Thanks for #listing #AlexanderInteriors /style-and-design !
Don't judge bc that's not our job. U never know what someone is going thru...
BTW what's not to love about *sigh*
": 19 years ago today, the #Sabres traded Darren Puppa, Dave Andreychuk, and a first round pick for Grant Fuhr." Omg I am old!
In town for the ?? Come check ! We are 7 minutes from McCormick Place! Best Italian in the City!!
Glad to hear that you are making a difference in the world. You should check out They are doing great things too.
I'm always tricked into reading your bio!
GROWN and SEXY! 90's Throwback Music @ Rocca Bar Oct 14th. Hosted by and 'PEACE of MIND' Fri..GoDJKemo mixxing'
Awesome and sweet job Cody.
Thanks! The FB one click button was the work of design magician !
Quest1: do u use a shared outlook calendar? Quest2: do ur teachers post test/project due dates online?
My #Indy friends, if you are not already, you should follow & ;)
U kno how Cowboy fans are, drafted Morris Claiborne now they bout to win the SuperBowl Lmao
Saints have to play on Saturday because the BCS needs the Superdome to prep on Sunday
Com'n Gise I need Followers!
What a pass from Seguin. That was phenomenal. Was to finish Marchand,
BIG thank you to of for being our guest host for tonight's chat.
it. is........ They don't add vanilla ice cream & many sugar as McDonalds does(:
Some poor lil child left they shoe on the back bumper of my truck
Columbia wants to be Portland when it grows up
Psh, I try and be all cute, but I guess that failed. and, lol, I don't know, I have no idea, lol.
silverstein acoustic on Pandora >>
uh oh! Are you still going. I'm undecided. On my way home now.
When you have to use a mirror to take your profile picture I would say you need a friend :-)
Disappointment is destructive to the soul. Good thing it gets easier as you go
Good luck tonight to win Dog Writer's Assn. Maxwell Medallion
They are actually citing use of 3rd party code reuse (i.e. custom tags, etc) that may not have been developed to be secure.
pet adoption day... Why do I do this to myself!?
If the NBA is out of the lockout by that time I'll buy us tickets to the game.
When #Focus reaches 500 followers, we'll choose 1 random follower to receive a full page ad in Issue 21 in Focus. RT to your followers!
very proud of you utilizing your most important role as an adult and voting
so tired!
Anyone have a #Samsung #Galaxy phone that they feel like getting rid of? I need one for #Android dev testing
good luck w/ ur research. do tweet w/ other medical librarians in the field & get their perspective as well.
all angels lets request #SOLISTEN on all the radio stations! great songs deserve to be heard!!!
Call me carazzzy to work 32 hours in two days... I say ppl just don't know what it means to actually work
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places
's brother is coming home!!
Faldo: Donald has it all Sir Nick Faldo reckons world number one Luke Donald has everything he needs to end his major drought at Augusta
S/O to my supporters, opposers, friends and foes!!!
And this is how Chicago views Portland... RT Visiting reporter asks: `Do cabs run here after midnight?'
Do you have a special story to share with us regarding your aroma diffuser? Share your experience by mentioning us
+dipping sauzzes RT : i usually like to eat my feelings with a side of french fries and a bottomless orange crush
Yo peeps important. Follow dis bro my home boy plz! For me?? Do it. I loves u forever
At New Beverly to see THE COOK, THE THIEF, HIS WIFE, AND HER LOVER for the first time.
The Balloon Museum hosts Balloon Explorium every day during Balloon Fiesta. Bring the kids by to enjoy some balloon fun!
Enjoy! RT “: Got my card in the mail today! Can't wait to drive one of those little things around!”
I can already tell this is going to be a long day I am so frusterated
Wtf is up with the weather it's not winter still it's almost summer time and it's snowing
Just got the Magic Trackpad. I'm always a little late to the party but I eventually get there. Always love Apple packaging
The greatest accomplishment is not in never falling, but in rising again after you fall. Vince Lombardi
Getting settled in for talk about Facebook timeline.
yes even more bomb with this heat lol
For one thing, they marry later, for another thing, they die earlier
Had my class watch today. A productive discussion followed.
RT Beware their is a ladder in the middle of the road on I-465 off exit near 56th st! Two cars down so far!
its cool, nothing i use everyday tho
Down.. even if the sky is fallin down :P
Don't believe the lies, look me in my eyes, please don't be scared of me
Friendship is like a cup. When it spoils, it does not return to that era.
u know if u win ur bringing me ... :D
media mail, y'all!!
JAYLYNN got her 4 month shots today she's such a trooper im so proud of her cried for a little then forgot about it
"Smooth jazz is jazz with the fangs and innovation forcibly removed. Thus, it is jazz, but not jazz at the same time. Schrödinger's Jazz."
STUDENTS: TODAY ONLY- Receive 25% off one regular priced item when you show your student I.D.
Thanks and you too!
Sniff it.
haha tell that to your mom and watch her slap you
they zoomed in on it and it was huge!! Sometimes severe contusions are more painful than a break. So I was worried about u.
Morning yoga makes everything better.
nice work, it was a good time.
Its hot as hell out side...it feel so good
Im so irritated me and the I started listening to mindless behavior, they make me feel good.
Congrats and for Vitrue making no.3 on the best places to work in Atlanta list!!!
They say that sex burns as many calories as running 8 miles. Who in the hell runs 8 miles in 30 seconds??
Madden fans, TryOuts is hosting a tornament w/a grand prize of $1000!!! Call 210-558-6558 or go2 www.tryoutssanantonio.com 4 info
my goodness, what a WEEK! Good Shabbos to my people out there!
why do people hide what they truly mean to say under a whole bunch of nonsense
What the fuck is up with these walks???
Well if you have two Ohio Honey's at Spice it's going to be a par-tay!
Back in #chicago but already missing #tampa ugh
I thought we were just starting to get along.
thanks for the follow :)
Karaoke tonight! Don't want to miss it!
ok! 1... 2... 3! *tackles him* :D oh yeah he did and it was great. Sucks that I won't be at tomorrow's game (blame my mom)
Started reading Lance Secretan's spark, torch, flame... pondering my spark
Shout out to the losers who just called me on a blocked number #buttermymuffin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Girls Aint Perfect ' Perfect Girls Aint Real . . . <U+2665>
R.I.P Heavy D!! His Last Tweet "Be Inspired", WOW!!!
Man # Kush comma
the search for a #Harley will start tonight
This is super cute! :)
Fascinated by the Game Change on HBO!
"Arizona is backstabbing that's why I'm going to Florida!" -convo on the light rail
Madison No Fear Dentistry is a Mercury FREE dental practice to help protect the longevity of your teeth!
Let's Go Bulls
I'm buying a solo ticket. Screw youz!
I still haven't forgiven you from last week.
#ReasonsWhyTheCrimeRateGoUp because there's more doughnuts in the world then people and a brotha has to eat
RT : At the same time, im too young to try to do everything at once. There's still time Tremayne... There's still time.
They'll find out soon enough...
"I was in Cincinnati performing w/the Orchestra there... I fell in love w/[Mahler] hearing the CSO perform it." -Nicola Benedetti
Hot New Contest THE EROTIC .com. Chance at 50k and a modeling contract. If you think you're HOT sign up!!!
this week is going by too fast!
I work with lazy ass motherfuckers. Either lazy or stupid, I haven't figured it out yet.
What does anyone know about The Storehouse? One of ABQ's #1 givers to the less fortunate no matter what time of year it is.
ok. i officially joined a gym. i suppose i should unpack my sneakers...
“: Had fun at the harmony sweet tonight. Hayden oh my, Through arteries, and Arisen all did wonderful”
Great to see ringside! #boxing -ms
I HAVE SCHOOL OF :) WOOOOOOOT <3 saw the lucky one today!!!! <3
A new and likely tweeter that we personally like: !
I just asked you for a favor, if you didn't want to do it don't fucking do it. Instead of leaving me stranded dumbass.
Come on grizz let's get some offensive rebounds
I dont know what the Caps were doing... They gave that game away
omg i love your singing and the others too, but it's hard to choreograph to what makes you beautiful
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 <U+E662> @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx10
BRILLIANT!!! Great job Sean.
happy thanksgiving Julia
you really aren't sold on the iPad yet? What about the Fire? I love both of mine. LOL! Have a great weekend my BFF
In a really deep thinking mood tonight..
today felt like a sunday because today fuckimg sucked
Chaos, panic & disorder - my work here is done
even worse when both of your exes start dating each other
Loved seeing everyone last night at the meetup! Thanks for coming!
There is a film festival somewhere out there that I need to be at.
it was amazing to hear her story!
i hate being like everyone else....i strive to be different
Download MyTalkTools Mobile Lite. Its free. See what you think. Comes with free subscription for authoring site.
can i get a follow back ma
There's nothing like watching a group of 5th graders pose for their author photos.
Thanks! I appreciate it.
Adrenaline crash. I can't decide whether I want to pass out or scream.
Im versatile I can flow to anything brah
You Mad tho? RT : Whats up with people saying "tho" after every sentence?
nice! Quora is pretty awesome!
also, I can't wait to see our dialogue EQ. I'm like a kid waiting for Christmas.
hurray! What a good feeling!
The abnormally large amount of tweets from this week has reminded me how funny she is. I know agrees with me!
Christmas Eve Services Tonight!!!........Children's Candlelight Service at 7:00 PM... Candlelight Communion at 11:00 PM... Everyone invited!
I love her! tearing it up on Go #teamblake tonight — please dominate team Xtina.
Pepsi just has a much better flavor than coke
But you didn't have to cut me off. Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing.
ok coo
Can't wait for the Trees of Legacy Auction tonight !Come join and bid on our tree! Proceeds benefit the JLP!
This next session challenges traditional thinking of #circulation: The Shift in Publishers' Revenue Mix taking place in Ziegfield
Just looked down and realized there's glitter all over me
thanks for the shoutout!
No matter what I am going through I am always there for other's
your a great mother :)
RT How to ID #BalloonFiesta goers>> RT nice. I'm among a bunch of ppl with bed head
Whatch my videos @ www.youtube.com/jessikahrawr1 Remember to comment, like of dislike my vids! And subscribe!! :D
Thirsty niggaz be havin average hoes thinkin they're more than what they r
An important clarification for WY tweeps, our previous tweet referring to Rep. Gingrey is an op-ed by Phil Gingrey (R-GA11)
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 24
I guess i should throw away my six month chip, lol. I'm an addict, as so many of you know.
You never know how strong you are. Until being strong is all you have left
but information, love and confidence overpower the hate always:)
now auditioning for bass, lead, keys and female backups. PM me for more info
It Took Me All Day To Find Some Inspiration !!
God is my sustainer and provider.
In other news, water still wet RT : Agencies still struggling with electronic records management, NARA report shows
Almost punched my dog in the face but dont worry #iloveanimals :]
Amazing how we're the only ones who made it to Dallas from NYC. Weather here is horrible - one big sheet of ice. Good luck getting in
#milwaukee Need custom moulding made really fast?Have a knife made in 2 business days thanks to #weinig We supply customers with options :)
If you need me, I'm the one totally and utterly alone on the 4th floor, writing with 90s r&b chirping from my cube.
When planning a campus visit, remember classes for the Spring semester begin January 17th. We always offer self-guided tour maps/passes!
hrmm. I'm pretty sure we don't yet have a way to fine tune Repeats. :( Would be a very useful addition.
I feel like I haven't really tweeted in forever! So what's upp ma friendss?
and thanks for entertaining Erin tonight. She's your new BFF
You said "Bullying and harassment is NEVER a solution". You walk away from #PETA & allow animals to be Bullied & Harassed??
So nice to be home! Spring Training games start on Saturday. GO SOX!!!
love for dance and sports is gorgeous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
This. RT : If train travel is supposed to be affordable, why does it cost $200 to go from BWI to NYC?
Happy new year everyone!
I was absolutely in love with Siamese Dream and walked out halfway through that Pumpkins set. Terrible.
it's muggy as fuck. not as nice as that made it look.
Lux suites @ the Warriors!!!
be honest, were you mad giving up number 3,000 to Jeter??
u fake so
I bet 9875209708795709827049587094387509$ that won´t follow me :(5
josh whatever noise you just made.....it made my dog bark.
Which neighborhood bro? be safe!!
well i doubt if there is one in new mexico lol
lol...it really does. He makes me sick.
Whoever tweeted about whoever tweeted about becoming a coke dealer and calling yourself "Instagrams," you had me laughing : )
happy valentine's day!!! ....... had a question. what piercings do u have?
Ah just noticed that i leave for florida next wednesday.!!! Hahaha
Thanks, following, #dogood #donate be a #changeagent!
: love your #ladiesoftvissue #itsTVinAmerica people say I could be sister... ^_^
RT : TWICE he gives up the potential game winning shot!
Can't get you outta my system
ok me and CANNOT say anything until it happens!! OK?! lmfao
going to the #jrorangebowlparade with the best nicole toloza
If anyone is wondering why actresses are often thin, it's not because we are anorexic. We are just paranoid & forget to eat.
Completely sums it up.
Awesome...this sucks. Never goong out with Kelly again
Did you know that Friday's are the least stressful on the heart? Hm. :)
how have you been?
Aww, thanks lady!
Hoping April showers bring May flowers!
If she doesn't realize what she lost within a short amount of time and lies behind your back like a KID.
Why are you wearing a cape at school...reevaluate your life.
Why, after 4 years am I now finding it harder to stay under the page limit than to meet the page limit in the first place?
who you trying to fool..you're #ADORABLE!!
Countdown: 74 days
i was praying you and me might end up together.
#Irene will be sending some bad weather our way tomorrow..but that doesn't mean you should hold off ordering the shirts your business needs!
Scotties Brewhouse has good food and a good, long beer list. Used to love the 1 at IU when I was there.
Looks like a staycation instead of a vacation
The show that B Shels was going to perform at tmrw is cancelled due to issues with the club.
Anderson Silva will you please actually fight next time I love your ability but sometimes you just chose not to fight
Early going today we have plays posted from 87 cappers so far with a consensus on the side in both FB tonight More to come
Our St. Patrick's Day showcase is around the corner. $5 cover, 6 acts, and plenty of good times! plectrumentertainment.com for more info
o New twitter background :)
Thank you! missed it live... so cool ;)
Night folks....siglers out
I hate how I'm so ticklish.
Cheers, momma!
At what time does the relay start on the 16th?
f that. worst-case scenario... could understand OK or AL more. evidently not a great kid.
I want it to snow! #can'twaittosled
“: #AnimalPlanet is so tight” until someone or something gets eat'n !!! X.x
Baby boy, you stay on my mind, fulfill my fantasies; I think about you all the time, I see you in my dreams <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Thanks for RTing
Okaay.. I love music. :)
Also, #TheyneedToBringBack the original Yu-Gi-Oh!... It just isn't Yu-Gi-Oh! without Yugi. I don't want to see Jaden or some other punk kid.
oh ya !!! I remember him. Dang you guys just produce pitchers like they grow off trees
Barbara Martinez found me, she is a pro!
Yes sir! All big programs including Gustavo Arellano and Lalo Alcaraz. Hopefully viewers will participate. :-)
You're welcome, and we'll take a look!
So this guy...he is amazing ^_^ haven't stopped smiling since last night
Got some packing and cleaning to do RT : what u have going for the weekend?
#FF we are now following because sometimes, its a jungle out there :-)
This bitch.
Truth. Mr. Universe has been off, however, Philadelphia's offense is pretty explosive.
When you're about to say something but you don't and then someone else says it and you're like, I was gonna say that!but no one believes you
Yea it is. Follow me so i can send u my direct number.
Why am I still partying
What happened to austream!?!?!?! :(
and i miss you too x
wup bro, gave you a shot-out in a radio interview today!
best dream/tweet ever.
#oomf and his good ass PROTECTED tweets .
And lo was I cut down in my prime by an army of Brooklyn Heights strollerpushers, their berth wide and knowing no mercy
Looks great man!!
Snow flurries in silver spring! Nice ending to dragon tatoo
We like to keeps things locked to the most readily accessible version. In the case of MiB, we focused on the films.
sue, baby, sue!
11:11 and Say Somethin' are both pure perfection.
my friend just texted me saying "HELP!! IM NEXT TO DIRECTIONATORS!" . hahah (;
Don't victimize yourself, you're just setting yourself up for failure.
WTF, is Stoglin even guaranteed to get drafted? I was so high on the Terps for next year too!
It's about to be a very very bad day...
Live music tonight at 6. Kick off tour Shaky Hand Band.
I'm 19 under my birth certificate . D: my mother lied to me !! For 19 years ..
Wow the concert downtown was suppose to be free it cost me 120.00. Damn could of gotton drunk on that.
Terry got a tattoo of a broom on his arm before the season started.
I agree.They should show women in true form in the fetal position, crying, eating funyuns and watching when harry met sally.
I want to get the fuck out of here -.-
For those interested, the episode was Clean House on the Style network... Season 5, Episode 13 - Katy Walker and Dwayne Pfannkuch. :)
How can Bergkamp not make the best Prem League team? He was the best single Prem League player. Stupid.
need 4 more followers to get to 100
Can't find what I'm looking for.
DM me your number and I will text you.
ima call you back in a few , im getting ready to go.
Please take me off this page as admin. I want nothing more to do with you.
Make a lunch (or dinner) of our seasonal Rhubarb margarita and the Asian Pork Taco! All the flavors of warm weather.
Thanks for the recent follows!
We're making Storybird love poems.Next week, they can email them to somebody for Valentine's Day.
We lavish on animals the love we are afraid to show to people. They might not return it or worse, they might.
in mine I was in a prison camp run by Darth Vader. That bad?
Man, the under 16, 12, 8 and 4 minute tv timeouts really get old after a full day of games!
Follow back
Tune in to at noon for everything 95.7FM
Chuck E Cheese???? LOL
tonight the party is great at the gates!
- #Journalists r at the heart of all conflicts. 4 that they pay a high price: 21 journalists have been killed in 2012. At discussion
Customize > Promote > Earn...
appid= in your demo? You know I'm filing that for future reference. :)
Now that is using a private cloud, that same objective is accomplished in 45 minutes.
How else was I suppose to carry a gun without being hounded by the cops, despite having been arrested almost six times at that point..
Just rode in an elevator with members of the Secret Service. Didn't know you could deliver lunch with such intensity.
shid i need to come fuck wit you lol like when u want me to
That beautiful moment when you take a big lead right at the end of a Words With Friends game you've been losing badly until then.
Mine is in 15 days. 43!
Delia: this would be a tremendous backslide. The majority of students are capable of achieving regular standards and being successful.
he has several you know! He is a pimp.
Pornography: Fact or Fiction
How is everyone doin??Im bored sitting here watching my son play the wii game
thanks, Jess! Very happy. xo
OH at : "We're starting a website in DC to sell the more valuable items." And then I cried. Don't take the fun out of it. :(
67% of women who masturbated one to six times a year reported orgasm during masturbation compared with 81% of women ...
are you having issues with your servers? My tech team is saying that weve had a page hanging in "publishing" mode all morning.
Oh noes, I went and did it again, got myself hooked on another cancelled TV show via Netflix...
Just because we don't talk as much doesn't mean I don't think about you?
I want a root beer float more than I've ever wanted anything else.
Oh Chels I love you!!!! xoxoxox
Oh I just started listening to the audiobook of American Gods! I really liked The Graveyard Book by Neil Gaiman too.
That awkward moment when you lock your keys in your car at house lawl
Would God's messenger be like the Unabomber, or America's karma, that'll rip through your body armor?
Best thing bout watching the pacers game at bankers life: no espn anchors telling how great orlando is.
Think I'll just start calling this the Moores jinx. #Houstonwehaveaproblem ;?/
Happy birthday to the beautiful ! #birthdaygirl (:
If you're framing our #Packers keepsake newspapers --- How can someone out of state get copies?
Days of glory
what's up bro! Long time.
have you tried dish soap to get your ring off? Like Dawn or something.
True Fact: Klingon foreheads are designed after dinosaur vertebrae.
are you that uneducated and trashy that you can't express your thoughts in a respectful way?
Wow, I didn't realize there was such a difference in dosing between the study and actual prescriptions. Thanks for the insight!
True. That would have been a fun duo to watch.
President Obama's support for gay marriage is another example of how the Democratic Party is the party fighting for civil rights and freedom
Love this!!!! What a cutie (your dad, not SJP).
I feel so good when I know I don't have homework when I go to school.
:) youre the greatest! I hope you fall in love with our jams! We have a new cd on the way! Whats new with you??
Not when the play is this strong!!! AGAIN, you don't know the play!!!
#LoveThatMoment when you go to bed without needing to set the alarm for the next morning
Had 24hrs off from "Mission: Get In Shape". It involved ice cream, a BLT, Mexican food, beer and no exercise. And I feel amazing.
love you baby
New York's hottest club is Vinyl...this club has everything...warrior princesses, chicken fingers,Jared from Subway & his foot long..
better yet they could have brought him up when they sent Tim Wood down since Badenhop replaced Volstad.What Gives?
I have been. For 20 minutes or so.
durant is keeping the spirit of the supersonics alive homey...as long as he's healthy itll be murder!!!!!!!!!
I been ripin n runing all day
i should not be awake right now
Congrats on making the dance team Addy!
Finally getting a chance to slow down, stay home, and catch up on some DVR'd shows.
Excellent customer service from Theresa - highly recommend!
PLEASE RT this....u think u have the best fans ever
to backup eli in new york
Happy Mother's Day
I couldn't dl the image on my DROID.
I can remove 90% of your so-called beauty with a Kleenex
no kidding...I bet the camera man saw his life flash before his eyes
Class Act!
I will I cant wait for the day I get to meet you in person!<3
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. ~ Anais Nin
Woke up to such a pretty sight! Snow everywhere!
Right but this was a panel with the leading corporate lawyers in the country including Google's own!
#nataspsw social media Joan, Brent, Melodie. Great content. Tx.
I wish we had Whataburger on the west coast :(
Yay! Finally reached one thousand!! lmao
Passive tracking will be future of high-tech, social fitness. Systems will provide such value that we'll want to provide more data.
Bobby valentine you are ruining one of the most storied sports franchises in a few months. I hate you.
if i was one of the cast members,i would be luke. :)
Nah. I'm good.
so i see you've met my boyfriend, he likes to do this thing where he pretends i don't exist
Now, Live, Aaron Zimmer from Brooklyn!!!
#sharkweek We're going to need a bigger boat, it's Shark Week!
life is too short for the bs..live and learn
Not to judge, but the group of people doing dumbbell lunges down Water St. look a bit like . . . (wait for it) dumbbells.
I can be so into someone. Then one stupid move will turn me off for good smh
#imagine Austin: Where are your lips? You: On my face? Austin: Wrong, on mine. *kisses you* ;D
I spent the weekend watching every episode and couldn't stop. I loved every minute of it. Can't wait for series 3!
SO. COOL. Just won a contest for a free ART OF AMANDA CONNER book. Night = made.
I know this is a little late but whoever shoveled my sidewalks last night for me, you're awesome and I will buy ou a shot!
Familiar with Dr. King's final speech the night before his assassination? If so email me at
yayyy! So excited to see all of your pretty faces. skype name is Jesse_chan07. add me
Opening Day at Fenway is like Christmas! Can't wait to go in a few weeks with my boys!!
Happy Tuesday!! Need to look pretty this weekend for Easter? We will have openings this week! ;)
I'm starting to think my Wordpress install needs a Compost option on the dashboard instead of Post.
wwe rules!!!!:-) i have lots of respect for the wwe, and all the wrestlers that work hard to keep us entertained!!!! :-)
Sorry guys. I just really want that shirt.
My job for the day is building wall lockers fml
I love you.
Had a great day in Ashley's closet :) good dinner tonight for Nana's birthday too!
Also this Thursday 10/20, we have our drum faculty Billy Drummond with Joonsam Lee Trio 8pm, 10pm
Had the same chick trying to tell how to do my dj'n. I played what she didn't like because thats the only information she gave.
A 2nd Team Conference USA player drafted by the #Chiefs at 11...that's hilarious
Why is it that a trader loses 2.3Billion is labeled ROGUE. If that same broker took the same risks and made 2.3B, he'd be a hero.
why is the ocean salty?
Lights Camera Advocate for Human Rights @ Grandstand booth 69
Only 9 more #breastcancer radiation treatments to go. I am out of double digits!
i was inspired by yr tweet to make my own chicken salad - homemade aioli mustard mayo, almonds, bread&butter pickles. YUM.
If you think the phrase is spelled "dire straights" then your spelling bee career is actually in "dire straits"
The #IdCapThat Stuff Is Freaking HILARIOUS .. I Was Cracking Up Al Day .
Eli Manning was spectacular at making plays against that Niner defense..He took some hits and shook it off
It's so good to be an adult.
I have so much to do this week. Job, fun, homework, and repairing some relationships. Ready to do work.
Good morning aaron. :)
I'm having dairy queen by myself for lunch bc never wanted to go with me earlier this week!
Thanks Melissa!
hahaha get it! I'm in town hit me up!
Yeah i know !! Have any of them deleted yet
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you give warm hugs !
:-) That's great! Happy Friday.
“: Had Fun At The Zoo With My Lil Babies!” <==== And didn't take your bro, aw mane. Lol!
Haha of course! And RIP black marker, chem notebook and favorite pencil
Dear Yahoo, I've never heard anyone say, "I don't know, let's Yahoo! it..." just saying... Sincerely, Google
Yes indeed!
Also, I'm in love with Tyrion Lannister...or maybe it's Peter Dinklage. Long live the imp!
Im now on Google+ Do you say Be my friend Add me Be in my circle Or Lets connect? LOL.. Dont you just love learning all these social medias.
2012 and STILL no sign of hoverboards...
OMG, me too! We're obviously psychotic.
I'm sorry I can't afford a Ferrari but that don't mean I can't get you there :)
I hope you're happy with this pain you just put me through. :(
In the jungle.
Damn most of my family putting me on blast ohk i fuhkn get it dnt have to tell me,lyk 14 times already.!.
Freaking want sum crab legs!! Lol
Wow bad call clearly went off Harden
rainy..on the couch watching Highlander :(
My atl falcons are loseing and geting beat up on..dam it i am pissed..
Register for "How to Avoid Dating a Jerk" Feb 25, 11A-2P, $10 includes lunch hosted by Relationship Expert John Knight! 412.829.0100
now I didnt say all that...
Good idea. Good bat and we don't need him at first. RT : Valentine says team might have L. Anderson in outfield in Triple-A.
We're excited too! Let us know what restaurants you end up visiting!
I miss tweetin a lot haven't really had the time for it. !
lol whats wrong w/ Atherton . I used to go there .
Reading "Free the future of a radical price". Paints a vivid picture of the media business models over the last 80 years. Must Read.
#rva #chick # I think today is their Grand opening event.
Mascots go everywhere you want to be. They get media attention that can't be bought. We'd love to make a Quaker! He an icon!
Thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking :/
Happy 200th Birthday
Soccer practice bright and early. -_-
The most important meal of the day w/
Join us in the museum conference room (123 FAB) on Tuesday for an info session- Museum and National Heritage Sites program in London!
UCLA is getting a special player in Kyle Anderson. Love watching that young man play!
I finished with a 70% lol
I LOVE YOU so much Never 4 get that<3 xoxo
DC: TWO DAYS AND CHANGE IS COMING. DO THE RIGHT THING! GRAY 2010...
eating cake
is a little weirdo. Enjoy the cookie cake ya freak!
Each day grows perceptibly warmer
It was a double and an error on the LF
so excited, sleepover with hayley on Monday?
It is a little strange knowing that a chunk of the world now knows what my laugh sounds like.
...and I ball like swoosh.
depends on co-worker. Usually I just read anyway and don't notice people around me.
Wife: I'm sick of you dropping little hints about me needing to loose weight. Me: Oh, lighten up.
I dont think this is gonna work out... IDK WHAT TO DO. Uahhhgg
If I've learned anything from working in Birmingham it is not to expect anything from anybody.
I'm excited for college.
We always have pan dulce from El Bolillo Bakery next time you want some with your tacos. ;)
Let lil things inspire you. :)
Crazy night in #EastCobb! Dinner party al fresco til the #tornado. Missed us by less than a mile. Hope nobody was hurt!
| Bad link to view first tv commercial. Also, we emailed you via site & have not had any reply. Can you help?
she's still getting her twitter feet wet...how's Denver?
I'm on a country kick.
Researching outdoor classes while it's raining outside is kind of a bummer!
Any women who throws drinks is weak
Today we made a month! <3'
So... I was suppose to go to dallas kan but i ended up movin to rokkwall ova tha weekend..so now im enrollin at dis wakkass skool white ...
Don't make the mistake of trying to re-do pass success with a hybrid fan base. You will end up putting out 4 to 5 singles that don't catch!
This is a good way for the show to bring back dead characters, even if it is only for tonight.
So Agree!! ...songs like "Someone Like You" + "Grenade" maybe send our youth the wrong message about stable relationships.
The new paradigm: build a TEAM to help you and your career. Collaborators, agents (who freelance, too), managers, director!
Politico asks today whether #KXL has become House Republicans' white whale. Any use of Melville to explain energy will get repeated here.
yea, Hinch!!! Congrats on the new gig! Rooting for you!
Home from Brianna's! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> she's eventually going to be the death of me but I love dat bitch<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Yeah That would be awesome.
It smells like cotton candy and pretzels in ... what's going on today?!
In Rochester, NY we got
how ironic because that's what his head looks like now
#Omniture Network Acceleration Timeouts + Waiting on hold to speak to Client Care = Very Unproductive Day :(
I only have twitter for and
Rain, rain go away. It was beautiful yesterday. What happened? This is Washington. That's what happened. Ha!
Bacaro restaurant on Union street in LA was AWESOME!
Living Is The Most Important Thing...#ToMeRightNow!
nopeiwouls see it if it were here in la!!!
I'm so hungry but everything I eat I barf. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
5 DAYS UNTIL THE TEXAS TESTOSTERONE FESTIVAL! (Oh dear. Just made a mess. Putting that one at the BOTTOM of the hamper.
“: I feel reckless, stupid. I WANNA PARTY.” I'm getting the feeling maegan wants to get fucked up. (: and wants to PARTAAAY.
#whenitwascoolto have pencil boxes
<U+200E>The tactician knows what to do when there is something to do; the strategian knows what to do when there is nothing to do.- Gerald Abrahams
Bigger deal for their team? Derrick Rose or Mariano Rivera?
Technically same department, but different groups under that department! ;)
Hmm...RT : Sources tell Big East will add Boise, San Diego St, Houston, UCF, SMU Wednesday. Will join league in 2013
at least the employee who delivered the baby got the rest of the day off. Socialism!
Merry Christmas from the Adult Learning Center! We are celebrating today. Thank you for your hard work on the Giving Tree!
I give up lol
Why not raise money for charity through the licensing of Olympic gear? Give the money to the folks who need it the most.
Wednesdays are best for me.
RT : Hmm, traffic a bit on the light side this sunny afternoon. #PlayingHooky?
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.
Thank you so much for your support!
I feel like driving through rural Kansas today. What do you say ?
Re-reading the copy of To Kill a Mockingbird you gave me, to plan an 8th grade lesson this week. Thank you! :)
And love like crazy.
I have no more cucumber watermelon lotion or cherry blossom lotion
Congratulations to a great person and an even better person. “: Feeling a need to celebrate :)”
really? Mines just started lucky me c; haha Really? Are you in school or something? Thats great (:
I NEED to get some really great headshots for cheap!.. my agent doesnt like the ones I just got done! Any referrals??
It's 4 Gram 1/8th Day at The Clinic!!!
I hate that Facebook doesn't show my iPhone Emoji's. It makes my comments less adorable
Impossible for me is not giving back to what I once helped tear apart and destroy.
Tryin 2 find free wifi on youre block SUKS but i seem 2 have a weak signal now ,,hurray ,as reliable as a china made product though
I wish u follow me back so I can put my order on I need a sexy dress ASAP
“: I take that back. Drinking this weekend. ;)” be there or be square
Thank you Sevier!!
WOW, you weren't lying when you told me you were
823 pictures of One Direction out of all 842 picture on my iPod! So....yeah thats how much I LOVE them <3
If your not blind take your sunglasses off in the bar!
You know you're bored when you actually want to clean...
I need some money
Big day at the conference... Super excited
He could, but he won't.
Eminem just gives us all a little taste of reality. Some people need it more than others.
I can think of several more. Kind of like that Paul Simon song about ways to leave your lover. ;>
everything that happens in romanow's class <<<
Can't wait for this day to end so and I can start our cape cod weekend!!
#mall time! What's up everyone?!
yo ass wrong for not resopnding
Sweet Tweet connect on Manta given it up to Liz Laquerre. Keep the social plug going. I accept
Went with Imogen to watch part of the #LAMarathon this morning! It was awesome!
I think Greg got the NYT Op-Ed idea from Don Draper (when he told the world why he quit tobacco ads).
Has anyone else #read "Curse of the Blue Tattoo" and thought "A Little Princess" + (great) changes?
Big ups to mens basketball team. Down 18 in the second half and they come back to win D-3 National Championship by 3 !
that's more of a boxing/mma thing I think. "I will name you ALL Jay PEN."
Memorial day weekend come faster! Can't wait to get the hell out of here
it's saturday in athens and gameday in phoenix. lets go
It's hot! What should I do!
Chameleon is bottling Hop on Top, Fire Light and Witty White Wheat tomorrow... Feels like xmas eve in our beer world! Will post pics 2mor :)
My weekend was good, I will keep your family in my thoughts and prayers, hope your mom is as comfortable as possible.
Turns out is off twitter for a week...please slam him this week while you can!!
oh, hi Monday.
>50% individual ownership of all renewables in Germany, <3% utiltiy-scale. ~25GW installed #solar in Germany v. ~5GW US.
Dog just picked a huge spider off a wall and ate it. I'm very very very very disgusted and grateful
is here at #RSUC11 and looking forward to another great user's conference.
It is #MOBWIVES time!!! Rushed home to see my girls. Poor I still want to be Big Ang when I grow up.
Tweet me I'II follow 10 first !
In their defense, their old head coach was probably banging a woman half his age on the regular.
yes! School first!!! LMK!!!
Life is back to normal,survived the holidays and back to performing six nights a week! Life is good.
Its sucks enough having to walk through insanely congested city sidewalks at 5pm. But now I have to dodge ur 8ft diameter umbrellas too.
Check out my new website, let me know what you think! www.trumanchafin.com
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ya old man ;P lmfao just kidding! LOVE YOU CORY! UR SO TALENTED! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
The Formal Opening is just a few hours away. Are you attending?
I would like to thank Omega S.A. for having such a grandiose name. It's not every day I can turn to a colleague and ask for The Omega File.
what up Sophy? I just got this. I thought u sent it awhile ago. That idea was on the house so make it happen!!!
got one, love it!
Currently working with on the redesign of theory.com (on Demandware) while building a new biz.
Congrats #1 Canadian Heroes! t.co/8hEj4Hr (fat thumbed last tweet)
Dan: What do you call it when somebody steals a #StiegLarsson book? Me: ... Dan: Larssony! :-/
david silverman is confused!!He needs a Savior-& he will meet Him one day!! All I can say-I'd hate 2 have his lost soul & may God be w/him!
there is always ebay
GAB says extension would put the deadline at Mar 19
Is anyone familier with the phenomenon? Its extraordinary!
do you have to be repulsively ugly to be a model for your ads? if so, i think i might have a new career. let me know. thnx
The wind is howling, the snow is falling sideways, the home internet is down and I am officially on #snowverload now
I'm pretty much hoping to wrap this up and start drinking!
Call me when you get a chance!
people still use the term "cakin" for talking on the phone?? Oh
So exciting you're a part of #BBN. You are already legend with your announcement!
We are at Scoma's
Thanks for the #FollowFriday! #DC peeps, please think about , they are my #FF!
Are you kidding? You would make more money by selling tank-tops...this is the desert...sheesh!!!
thanks a lot!!!!
My mom and dad and cousins are having dinner tonight. Maybe they'll bring home a doggy bag?
Happy to see join the Twitter community!
hell i cnt say da same for ha
RT : Check out this fascinating video of British beatniks c. 1960 talking about getting kicked out of a seaside town:...
Here is a question for you to ponder... What would it take to multiply YOU, especially if you are the greatest asset to the organization.
20 acres are now burning in 2 forest fires in Washington County.
it raining men?? let go and some fat bitches
Just when I thought Twitter was completely useless, somebody thought of #alaleftbehind . I almost snorted iced coffee out my nose.
All you need is love and a McDonald's cheeseburger.
#NW an all new episode of #PrettyLittleLiars on -A
is fresh like a ripe cantaloupe
Long day, finally home :)
I don't like 8 flahvas or however you spell their name -.-
WOO-HOO! what a week so far. TGI Whiskey Wednesday! $2 off premium & $1 off well whiskeys + get a plate of ribs w/baked potato 4 only $7!
Wishing you great weather for the walk today from London! go NYEW!
If I lived in DC, I'd B a Nationals season ticket holder just 2 watch Strasburg- 97mph 2-seamer w/run, & a hook to follow. Wow.
and you're going where??
#OWIF: I threw the Italian Beef I bought with Richard's coupon at them and jumped into the back of a landscaping truck. Poor sandwich.
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
Monday Funday? Hell yes! HIt us up tonight for some damn good drinks. Also, don't forget Trivia Night tonight at 730..
The Farmer's Fair this week and the Navy Bean Fall Festival next week.. you can sure sure tell that it's Autumn in Indiana!
you looked fresh as hell last night killed the stage son! :-) #ProudICONiac <3
that sounds like a great turnout! I'm sure the players had a blast!
will do! its going to be at the aston dealership.
RT : I think I'll attempt a style from this weekend. So many to chose from just a matter on if I can do them lol
My Boo Trying To Protect Me <3
Our pleasure. Nice to meet you Baran.
AVALON TONIGHT BE THERE OR BE SQUARE!
send me it and I will ring you.
When is the last time someone got a roll of film developed? Lmao
Oregon has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
headed to San Francisco Monday to see demand side partners
Burning books, trickle down of disrespect for spiritual traditions and beliefs by WH.
Only honesty can break down the wall of resistance to personal change. Don't keep patching the wall with self-deception.
Have a good weekend!!
Another day about done. Tired. Ready for bed. Sucks getting old.
I just saw a horse dog
Ooh i just can't wait to be king!
Are there any yelp/angieslist type resources out there for renters? Specifically to write reviews about lame landlords?
She said .. you ain't no good , but you feel so good <3
I cant wait MBAV!
you want
awww i miss you too “: I miss #oomf”
time to start getting ready.
haha thanks AJ! See u in a bit! :P
why do you have such poor customer service. High high high rates. Do something! Time to go completely to ???
We love you <3 I hope you love us too <3
My daughter got home from a sleepover and almost fell asleep in her spaghetti - asleep by 7:30, a new record!!
She had one drink“ had a lil drink”
It's 75 degrees outside, I had to turn on my a/c in my car on my way to work. That's abnormally warm, even for Texas!
Noo! Don't jinx the Bulls! With all of our injuries on our teams, it has also been a tough year on Chicago sports fans!
so unbelievably exhausted and sleep deprived. i'd kill for a nap… but of course, there's no time. :(
An ADT salesman just knocked on my door with the "shave and a haircut" knock. What a jerk.
Happy 17th of May!
What night will Kurt Sutter be on #LastCall?
I love how ariana grande has her makeup its so natural! :] #jealous :)
$5 Tuesday! It's too hot and humid to tan outside--stop into 123 W. Madison today!
are u gonna be a cmedian when u grow up
that's the plan! :)
That website is addictive. crazy stuff!!
If you got an icon of your body and not your face, I automatically think you're ugly.
I have an urge to bake with and ! I'm comin over!! :-)
TY Desire! These beauties have been a delight to behold, so fresh and so spring....wish I could fly a few your way!
m pie..rude! Guess we'll have to wait for Easter eggs then...
is Executive Libertarian Mercenary for hire.
Bout to get buck in here
take pics! didnt know about this! Sry to miss it! “: GREAT! I'll come check it out!”
haha must be!
BREAKING: Albert Pujols fails drug test. More information to follow.
Jeezuz, that's gorgeous! I must have been a dame in my past life. Probably a flapper.
No! Maurice Sendak died!?
How do who know who RT'S you tweets??
Some of you even didn't went to school & didn't go home. Please guys... Your healthiness is the most important <3 Thank you so much. Xoxo.
The weather today is going to be beautiful. So go outside and enjoy it! Then bring them good vibes to Terra at 7
Hyperbaric Centers of Florida is now open!
79 in Boston, MA.
RT It looks like the cast recording for is going to happen happen! I'll keep you posted. We're so close...
#IdFangirlIfJustin smiled at me.
World’s first all-diamond, 150-carat ring created by Swiss jeweler; worth $70 million | The Sideshow - Yahoo! News ;)
Agrees with , has the best tweets ever.
sir, you are a delight! You're gonna be a big star.
I was! I saw your book for auction, so were you there? It was a really neat event. I look forward to the next one.
I have volleyball tryouts today, wish me luck?<3
hahaha duh! I am not the best w movie quotes obviously
GOOD WEEKEND...BACK ATCHA
I'm back so it turns out that putting baking ice cream dosent take long :P
Ray Allen with another clutch 3 pointer.. Tie Game
New car, muthafucka!! :)
FCSI-The Americas Recognizes Top Performers and Products at Spring Conference
that's good ..thanks =]
I hope you enjoyed the beautiful Jax weather.
You have more restraint than me sister!
I know you retweeted this with me in mind ;) RT : My bestfriend and i can speak to each other through facial expressions
Still hungry :/
Austin's idol is Justin Bieber. He looks up to him. (: RT if you're a belieber too! <U+2665>
Hey - Word should pull up homophones in spellcheck just so you can be sure your "their" shouldn't be a "there".
Is suspension really making you that bored??
Welcome and thx new followers
But at least is taller than me. :D
I'm not sure if I should be amazed or horrified that my phone knows to capitalize Gymboree.
and How was UPCEA this week? I miss my continuing ed peeps. Hope you are doing well.
Busy day. Two conferences. University of Florida Real Estate Board and ICSC West Florida
According to the Pew Research Center, only 6% of Americans use twitter; of those who do, 40% look at tweets rarely or not at all! Wow!!!
Doesnt hurt! and grows back!
Boys had fun at the USA game, now its one to our first scrimmage. Hope International comes to Oxy for a 3 pm kickoff!
only until i graduate haha
Just completed Week 2 - Day 1 (completed 1.85mi with run pace of 17:09 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
Something is about set it off on
BIG FOOT!!
thanks, Brenda :(
just like her momma.. :)
I wish I had a better life -.-
is voting still open? Did you win? Me, having health issues once again.
Super snow forced me to stay in a hotel near the theater last night...it was pretty cool.
Got my new car today!!
One uwm party qualifies as news?
When looking to localize keywords, use a foreign localization expert to find keywords as not every culture searches for the same concepts.
Baseball??? What's that?? Oh right...it's the BORING sport. Kinda like golf, right?
Don't worry about how somebody else live there life. Worry about how you live your own.
She says lifes a game were meant to lose, but stick by me and i will stick by you
Money Money Money - Money! Wait...nope, the Secret is bullshit.
can't wait to read it. Make sure you get the speakers right, and who was really there :D~
: I wish I was laying in bed with you. #yeshomo « YES PLEASE! "You're horny, let's do it! Riding! My pony!"
I think the Browns could have an 8-8 season this year, easily.
"Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
revival tour even better than advertised so far. bob dylan dream in the mix?
"No one built this country on their own." ~ Barack!!!!
EXACTLY! we're like hannah montana. we have a second life no one knows about
You can't get what you could get here anywhere else.
I already miss my crush at my homeschool class </3 I wont be able to see him until the beggining of next year. :( heartbroken
love u hi babe.
hello Sierra! How r u???
“: Good Morning”gm
I keep multiple lists so that I can enjoy making check marks next to & cross items off my list more than once #ocd anyone?
Obama was in LA and went to Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles. In his best Harvard voice, he asked for the "Country-Boy Breakfast." That's funny.
Going with "Gemologist" and "I'll Have Another" in the Derby!
Prom Friday bouta be turnt up
4 days til I get 2 C the wonderful face of my lover. I've had 2mths to get my house in order & Now I have 4 days
I'm about to let this dude have it. That's exactly why I'm not nice to people
yea for sum reason actressprincess wit the s was taken! Thanks for following me ill def follow back!
Never underestimate what a little expression of gratitude or kind words can do for a person. Might change their world. Opposite is also true
So, with that twitter break is over, and back to work.
who's that from? ;-)
You and me both! I can't wait to go back!
In a cab midtown bound. LETS Paint This Picture!
come through..got purp??? #weedless right now
We both know you're free not to care. But you had the misfortune of being a friend of a friend, so you got to hear my 2 cents.
okaaayy I will (: (:
RT : Delta Children's CEO, Joe Shamie, meeting with Mayor to donate 200 new cribs to !
Well, aren't you an interesting guy?
#vancouver - We're giving away $200 worth of Gift Cards today! RT & Follow to Enter!
The sickness is in how greedy capitalism creates a plutocracy. Then we indict the victims, who never had a chance, for losing.
GOOD MORNING Milwaukee. I need some #music suggestions to kick my day off right. GO!
and he took your cookie thing away. Haha.
thats right because there is no going back
I can't believe it
Last-minute (local) reminder: pizza & Wii in the Grad Lounge for Praxers & DH Fellows now!
Nice meeting you!
It's finally my day off. Gotta catch up on Fridays Clone Wars show.
we here in Orlando have no luv for you. That's what you get for leaving!
He who controls the news media, rules the world.
Perhaps they're confusing the message with the medium?
you better be at the new Albany classic!it won't be the same without your awesomeness your the only reason I'm going:)<3
how do invites work?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ONE OF OUR OWNERS MADISON!:) I LOVE YOU MADS, I'LL SEE YOU IN LIKE 4 HOURS THOUGH LOL HAPPY B DAY LOVE YA!<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>-Kelly
You both would be devastatingly saddened if you saw the Target and Old Navy ensemble I'm actually wearing.
Study break = Wash Nationals game vs SF Giants. To all - Good luck on finals. Be safe moving out and traveling home as you finish finals.
Thanks for the follow, Nutphree! Keep up the tasty work!
Score 21-13. Rivers and company have 2:19 to score again before going into halftime.
Very cool - crossing the streams - showing content from both Devils and announce teams.
Its hard to write music take care of kids prep for upcoming show and do homework#soo hardbody with a mind of a god
“ I gave him that "cake". && he put his name on it. Lol.”smh
Awesome start to a first day? I think so. <-Kelsey xoxo>
Like #gotowebinar for some events but with an audience mostly on mobile devices, it's not the tool for me.
I drove through there with my family about uh 11 years ago? I def wanna visit!
Just heard a fascinating presentation on political sorting in online dating: people sort correctly w/o seeing explicit political opinions!
Hammel with another great start!
so I guess you're not working that hard on saving up for the $6000 waterproof laptop?
I'm seeing resistance at ~$567 after that.
I KNEW IT!! They're ALL walkers just waiting to die!
the current system, dominated by private insurers, is not sustainable in the long haul.
Meet in west virgina
will you drive ;))))) I mean u would have to drive past altamonte anyways and it's only like 10 more minutes :)))))
...are you wearing Wranglers at least? cc:
i appreciate all the love foreal yall.. trust me imma ish happen
Wed. OFF (wanted to go to Animal if I have to go alone..) and tomorrow night but after 7:30 pm. And I'm in Sherman Oaks.
Hahhahaha! Love it
His book, Wherever I Wind Up, is on my "To Read" list. While I'm not a huge sports fan, I love reading about sports.
you did an outstanding job on the "Ten to One" song!!
Downtown willoughby with Brendan Alyssa and Danny :D
Even more specifically, it will be a defense spending cut and an across-the-board tax increase. Kind of bipartisan.
+1 RT We've talked about bottling that smell- it could be a cologne: "Launch Complex No. 5" :)
#Panthers take ILB Luke Kuechly with the 9th overall pick in the
Hey Girl! Hugs!
Real or fake
Happy International Women's Day to all the awesome women in my life! You make it grand :)
Fucking locker juice
I got u all day bro
Rainy Monday morning plus computer network down makes for a sleepy Rhonda.
Don't tell me your sorry, that means nothing you don't change.
“: Hardware + Software + Mobile Cloud services are the focus for Playbook and Blackberry 10. #BBWC”
everybody needa get off Young Moneys nuts. Actin like its tha best label and shit. Get yo mainstream ass outta here and listen to real shit
amen to that brother
Follow because he has no followers and is lonely ! :)
my dreams tho >
RT : Don't take the things God does for you for granted. Celebrate every little thing God does in your life!
uh hello?
damn what dat and nothing watching Kay tv shows with until I go in :30
[Viral Tip ] Use a video distribution service like TubeMogul to upload your video content to many sites.
We torture body modification thing.
Taking my mom to the airport! I'ts too early for me.
Q:FOR LOVERBOI DO YOU HAVE A GIRLFRIEND? A: If i tell you what difference would it make lol....
You're welcome Stephanie. Thank you for the follow. I have followed you back. Big Hugs returned! : ) XOXOXO
once upon a time the world gave birth to a Asian planet and they attacked us and we all died and lived happily ever after!
His Girl Friday is streaming on Netflix! Go watch Rosalind Russell kick butt.
Smh some of you are talking about being successful but you're high everyday. How do you plan on getting successfull if you're high and lazy
dinner was delish.
I NEED to get my nails done.
We had a blast Seriously can't wait until next year! Thanks to all who made it a memorable weekend
- As an Arizona resident, imagine having to live with Brewer, McCain, Kyl and Pearce. Even the sky is red here...sigh
"Hey guess what Madonna? I'm totally hotter than you".
Nice blog article!
i can't find the circiles!
You're welcome! Thanks for the mention! I hope you two have a
Finished the second season of BBC Sherlock and I cannot wait for the third season! Another year or so... Till then, I am held in suspense.
On the road again. Get ready Dallas.
thx for the help with my friend. Much appreciated. I will let you know when I head down your way for a game.
But idc. "Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind."
On a similar note, Rickie Weeks has more walks (23) than hits (19) this season.
": earrings with an s lol" =)
Check out mu new page - a free gift for every like click!
fuck this rain needs to go away!!
Our store can help you out with a phone order! (414) 287-2770
I knew dis was going to happen :(
what's up dood? we're brainstorming some hip-hop shows - maybe west coast? let's talk about collab.
Today a can of Spam knocked on my door. Told me it missed me. Walked away.
A new wok represents the beginning of countless culinary possibilities. The ritual of seasoning initiates the wok's culinary life. The Canto
I wanna RT this
Bored..... x_x <U+2665> michelle
Lost World has decided to change things up and now we'll only sell VHS tapes and Juggalo merchandise.
The new flavor of peace tea >>>
Me? What did I do?! *tries to look innocent
If your tweet does not relate to #LetsGoPens or #PensIn7, it is highly likely that it is getting ignored.
Ditto RT : What???? RT : You must be stoked if rumours of The Wire coming back are true?
hm where
#Mayweather by decision or late knockout.....hm
Starting the new year by writing some music...
hashtag cute couple
savory chard pie...
follow us and you get a cookie ;) dont believe it? try it. o.o
RT Wow... Such a dope weekend spent in AC ! Dinner and TOO MUCH FUN #EpicSaturdays!
#Imagine Zayn:"Where are you going?'' You:"Home.'' Zayn:"No! Get back in my arms!'' *Kisses you*
lol, no threats
I have no idea
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
Grand slam one day, web gem the next. Edwin Maysonet.
TOMORROW IS TEAM TUESDAY WHERE WE WEAR OUR FAVORITE TEAM'S SHIRT/JERSEY. IMMA WEAR MY TEAM JACOB SHIRT. !! :) O YEAH!
Have a great day!
why so many places?
stagnant, look horrible tonight
Go Ducks!!!! And while you're at it: let's hit that over as well
almost had to cancel Mothers Day! Nice W! See you guys this week!
9 out of 10 Dentist recommend Muscadet over Cabernet, just saying. Keep those whites shiny!
thanks girl!
I hope the ERA bluetooth headset I got lasts longer than the Up seems to.
Haven't been on in awhile but I'm bak ((:
bruh fuck that team shit im doin me an yall can slowly watch yourself get played by a real boss
makes no damn sense bruh. The highway is actually moving faster
We will be open Sat. 10-6! Double punches for bulk & drink cards. Free candy dish when you buy a lb of any bulk candy
thats actually false any real pretty boi does haha
#bbn follow my friend !
Yep, the much needed snow, true. Northeast part of COS looks amazing, really beautiful!
awesome job tonight!! :)
I am glad it didnt gross him out!!
Shay- when is your skinny ass getting the 4s? I'm having iphone withdrawals- do I need to go to the actual store?
New tour video coming soon
Yoou do those to!?
Your biggest dream is way too small. Live & pray with
confused ! LOL x)
Welcome to The Think Tank!
oh man that's horrible. I'm sorry.
RT : The feeling you feel when you feel that your going to feel a feeling that you've never felt before.
Solid show
You really could own a piece of 'internet history' and at the same time be a part of something even greater like finding a cure for cancer!
so sick of work.
Play it at start & finish but not during the show it's to much!
Your welcome!!!:D
and this is supposed to be a "conscious" rapper?!?
at least I wasn't purchased. Worst latino ever!
Writing and publishing RPGs would be great if not for the majority of boisterous cunts commonly known as "the fans".
~ why do u mean by 100k for ? What's up homie?
Johnny Depp is the best in the league
Thanks for the recommendation! hope to see you soon!
You're welcome, will do:)
Looking at #jeepwranglers today!! So excited!!!!
Thanks Jeezy for Tooth Fairy shout outs
Your #GOP VOTER relative/neighbor supports #GOP "Billionaire Bailout Budget" condemnd by Catholic Bishops as anti-Christian "IMMORAL BUDGET"
Asking a 4 year old to put his mouth on his mom like that and to look into a camera was probably foreign to that child too.
you will have me in your hands tomorrow...wait....
thank you RT : was yesterday. love the food there :). i was way too full when I left!
Walked two 8% incline miles, upper body strength training and 2 minute forearm plank.
RT this if you think I should change my mind and run for re-election cause & are boring
This weekend already craaa!
i do follow u tho :/
what u think i do?
Good question. It really depends on the glycemic index of the fruit. Not all fruits are created equal.
Flat ironing this hair of mines!!!!
I DONT CARE JUST GET ME SOME #I'll.Cut.You!
You just made my day even better, Thank You! :)
Yoshis 3 days GO NOW Puerto Rican All-Stars w/Alfredo De La Fe+Ritchie Flores. LP recorded Alfredo in 80s...Get the CD at www.lpmusic.com
another good option. Agreed.
wait, to your iPod?
hangin with mr. cooper?
#ThatMomentWhen you realize you don't have to go to school tomorrow.
hi! How are you? Sorry I had school and now I'm at work xD busy busy
Monster attacks Britt...Britt is dead.
Nice to meet you as well. Cool stuff you're doing!
"Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing." - Vince Lombardi
Giant Panda Guerilla Dub Squad, Phil Naro, & Greener Grass Band on The Sunday Night Shakedown tonight! 8-11pm on 98.9 The Buzz!
shut up egg
Harper is bleeding like a stuck pig.
and you should know how i am
yeah i can't wait... think the car will weigh about 20 pounds less in dust by the time its done
Most of the YA books I've read for class have been about 250-400 pages a piece. Depending on the genre.
Local hero! RT Today tackled a guy running away after stealing cigarettes & then prevented owner from harming the thief.
Going to Barret-Jackson Car Auction later in week any comments??? Yes, I will do some videos for you...
Thanks for the RT! Always appreciate them.
Completely agree, TE of the future.
Thanks for the follow! Your blog is cool.
Got our pork pizza eat on 11 & Park, Columbia Hghts- 1 pancetta & 1 pepperoni - mm good, spicy, with just the right amt of grease
FOLLOW ME SWEETIE LOL
thanks, julie! now that i'm back to full-time, might be time for me to make a visit to your offices or and/or meet for lunch.
Happy Holidays! Merry Christmas! Happy Hanukkah! Happy Kwanzaa! Happy New Year!!
I wonder if Santorum includes his proud, communist family in Italy as part of the left wing attacks against him.
I see what you did there.
Looking forward to meeting all sorts of interesting folks at Her Nashville's "Coffee & Conversation" on Thursday. Join us!
What's your name?
thanks, we're neighbors(;
Is there a prior 311 compliant filed on this? If so, did they issue a compliant #? Thx! > Re: sinkhole at 21st & 5th Ave
Just bkuz you rob, hit licks, got shot I can still tel YOU ain't bou tht life.
Give credit where credit is due "Hofeddy"
were doctors!
"Your a big hockey fan and the L.A sharks Are your favorite team? Wtf?" answer from your canadian question... Oh, he mad
bout to put sum'n in tha air wit da homie z though
KU and UK and blue all over. #gobigblue - the KENTUCKY kind!
If u want me to follow u, u gotta accept the follow request i sent u. Twitter on some dumb shit right now
If I could you find now, things would get better. We could leave this town & run forever. I know somewhere, somehow we'll be together.
A part time job doesnt work cause you're only working part of the time
Listen tonight to my Jewish radio show- Shirim - 8-10pm Eastern Time - www.wcuw.org streaming live - we're chaving a chanukah party!
Its. Boarding today
What up everyone
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Hope you're not in flip flops today. It's a tid bit chilly out there!
I am so burnt out from networking all day. Well, it's bed time for me. good night
The US incarcerates about 750 people out of 10,000 - A much higher percentage than any other country. #justice2012”
Thanks much, I'll take those kind words from you, oh wise one. [He is a really great conversationalist: ]
Who Tryna Buy A PS3, $150?
How does everyone have their EOC scores?
cant go wrong w/ Quick Change! MT Tonights game had everything. Great performance of Anthem, contest to win car, Quick Change
we're on the same page! haha
Sorry i havent been on guys! i have been uber bussyyy! how is everyone?
Jamming to the high school musical soundtrack to prepare to see in the lucky one premiere
The tomb is EMPTY! He has RISEN!
"They were great to deal with. Chris worked very hard to make sure we had all the information and help we needed. As I second guessed and...
Damn. I gotta go back to school today...
I'm ready for San Diego on Friday. Even if I won't see you, I'm going to have fun. You can avoid me, but you're still my friend.
Hahaha with all the screaming and noise making I do, I'm not surprised when I started sing I ended up with a sore throat day 1. -.-
guess i shouldve hedged some out on kansas
Too cool! 2 F-16s just flew over Rancho headed NW, perhaps toward Edwards AFB... Nice formation. Thanks for watching over us
anyone going to see tonight? Pre-game with those $1 #bartab drinks for a great night and good music!
RIP MCA. Blast it loud all day!
Is moving in to Ballston next week!
took some coworkers from LA to Ocotillo location yesterday instead of the standard chain restaurant dinner & they luvd it! Thx!
I blessed. How are you!
I don't like getting on instagram on Thursday's. Tbt's are annoying. No one cares about your photos as a child.
Crew is on the road to ! Playing at the frat before the football game!
I never get excited for school to start during the summer. Even on the most boring day. NEVER.
And since we all know women may only wear one type of Halloween costume, I humbly submit
It's been a long fucking day
Nearly 80-yr old client on her slumlord landlord: "He really burns my feathers. I just want to beat. him. up."
is a great bar in TriBeCa hosting some New York Fashion Week events - definitely worth checking out
Good morning Tweethearts! LA is so beautiful this morning. Every morning!
ewwww I see some :))
your both douchers
Along w/ our Exec Director Robert Schwartz! RT : FieldCenter experts testifying before PA Task Force on Child Protection this AM
NCIV is looking forward to hosting to get to know our office suite neighbors & partners in #citizendiplomacy!
Damn, it's about time
's cell ringback tone is DJ Khaled - "All I Do Is Win"
That's great! I tried the cone/t-ball catching game with him last night. He loved it! So fun to try different things out w/him.
Check Out Our Great New Festivals - We are in the selection process and there is great stuff coming your way!!
Thanks Bcoop for getting me subway!
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
Love me or Love me not.But the girl your aint better than i not? You'll remember the happiness i gave you. She cant always give that to you.
beginner guitar player=very sore fingers
you are such a girl lol. I did it
was reading a history of art forum. piles of interviews, can't remember which writer mentioned it.
its hard to fake a smile during school and act like i'm okay, but when i get home and when i'm alone i cant hide the fact that i'm depressed
Katie can buy then, right Katie :)
you see Marin go down during the derby today? Bremen fan but I thought that was hilarious.
Have a safe flight!
Season premier of The Office tonight. You know its gonna be awesome
When the storms of life bring destruction, your blessed assurance policy covers u 4 life!
Hey these Insiders show you have quite the extensive and diverse staff. Need in house counsel that can also do game design?
Doin big i see!
love the new set
Nature loves to hide. --Heraclitus [number 2 in an occasional series of fragments of Heraclitus that are short enough to fit in a tweet]
Just one word: "Logistics." It's all about logistics....Ohio Means Business that is. Next on time warner ch 362
yes we do. We have to get that pic of u and cody. Nite,, moms yelling at me to go to. Bed
hey man, yes I am, im still working very hard and making very good progress too
Thank you Clifton Forge! A night to remember!
Fruit Loot looser :(
no problem look 4ward too your tweets
Subsidy sales reps tell victims are more likely to get attention if offer actual book to agents/pubs. In short, they lie.
burning question: did you all capture the horses that took off?!? was worried cause it doesn't look like there was fencing there
just remembered we were supposed to meet today. So sorry sir. Completely slipped my mind.
Cannot wait til I get home to blaze up.
That sounds really good!
Lol I've been late every day this week Omg xD
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Get Rich Or Die Tryin' !:]
Loving your hair when it is perfectly straight.
#bgc8 reunion it's about to go down....
My goal for the day: fix the economy and legalize marijuana
Delta Airlines will save 300million a year in fuel and keep Business in the States
could you send a quick email to for more info?
The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higer the fences get
u got datz right...
Why does whenever martin finds someone, they get creeped out then tell him everything he needs to know?
Yeah, so was I. Katrina also came through tonight as well.
I survived #cruisenight ...heading out on a story
Just announced Traveling Circle with The Psyched and Midnight Kids Friday, May 7 @ Secret Project Robot www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Korea might be winning.
BEYOND EXCITED FOR #BELIEVE! omgomgomg
“The aura of its prestige, silent and unseen, was everywhere felt on that lovely [Princeton] campus, like an invisible shield of excellence”
Fear the Gemini!
like?? We need names! Haha.
Upp; School W.My Partner In Crime Lexii<3 Oh & Thee Awkward Moment When Your Ex's Cousin Asks You Out. . . Umm Awkks.. X_~
Wondering what questions we asked? Stay tuned. We'll be posting them.
Looking fwd to seeing you March 31st at !
what were the videos you had a couple months ago? Like 1000$?
Whats your favorite song and why??
Thanks for switching back to full-text RSS feed. Glad I stuck around long enough to notice!
Dang ": I put in a tampon just to have it in as backup. That's how crazy shit is about to get."
(AP) -- Lawyer: Afghanistan shooting suspect has sketchy memory of night of massacre
My mom attempting to select a new ringtone at 8:30 A.M. sounds sweeter than a symphony. I'll have you know she picked the X-files theme.
come see me? Lol.
OMG love My Life by Game feat. Lil Wayne
The other side
Meeting number 2 with the great ! So.. There's going to be a music video in the future.
I'm opening for Monte Montgomery tonight @ Sam's Burger Joint in San Antonio from 9-10pm. Always a good time with Monte!!!
already missing my clients--- hoping to reconnect soon!!
Which Nike clinic should I attend this year?
lol which one you talkin bout cuz there a few people lmao
Kevin Kolb has no excuse to suck now. Cardinals draft Michael Floyd
The business standard mileage rate for 2012 is 55.5 cents per mile and the medical and moving rate is 23 cents per mile
IF U NEED A JOB P IMAGE, and P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS has a job 4u no out of pocket expense its simple u produce u get paid studio5one2
I hate not being able to sleep!
No! JIMMY PERTESTED!
Just wooookeup. I watched 2 goodass movies lastnight,leftover pizza for breakfast,&heard that the night after new years..I'm still partyingx
Every little thing she does is magic..oh yeah babe
thinks you are juicy and delicious.
Losing a husband can be hard: in my case it was almost impossible
#linkedppl- great show, progressive Linked in group mgrs, good stuff
First day of work tomorrow! Yay!
Can YoU Follow me
County exec Ike Leggett, Council Membera George Leventhal and Phil Andrews joined us this evening.
Picking out new paint and thinking feng shui.
Powerade. Blue. Large. (:
Not sure what I would do without your tweets... not to mention your IRC gold.
New feature: fashion advice for power traffic team. I smell Emmy.
thank you so much! Will you put honey in it for me?
Where u at????? Are u home for the day?
You don't think Saturday is washed up?
We love ! Http://massiverocketradio.com
Cool! Is there a link? Also, any chance of fixing the Wunderly library 500 error? Willing to help if needed!
Ready to RAWK. Hope our performance goes well today.
we got our big Xmas tree. It's time to shop for presents to put underneath. Let's see which gets in trouble first, the kids, cat or puppy.
Got an elder person in your house??? Tell them to come get their wheelchair cleaned for free right now!!!
Damn my body is kilin me. Workout was nice
Hey, it was nice meeting you at the event last week. Crazy how we recognize people by who we follow on Twitter.
RT : Dear fat, please move to a better place like my boobs & my butt
If she has a facebook zoo app on her iphone,
It’s all one to me: opera, painting, drawing, faxes.
Some things r better left alone; cuz in da enD U jst neva know
Everyone please tune into Tonight at 9 pm and watch My favorite singer #BehindTheMusic documentary :-)
taking note of that... How was dinner with your parents in Plano?
Thanks so much for the RTs!
Vandy has a new policy this year to release results from the ratings Qs on evals to students. But not the free-response results.
whores, politicians and Fenway Park
A big thank you to for debuting "Pass Away" during his show today on ! See Pomegranates at
Oh nice! Had no idea
Just shattered my phone screen for the second time....
Diggerslistcom: the BEST place to find your remodelling supplies. adultwellnes
You should never have to self justify yourself to anybody, but you.
#Threw vs
hope u enjoyed #jewish heritage night at the #wizbobcats game!
... AND NOW let the New Spring Menu Begin !! Come check it out!
Nice try but that's a $300 Wilson's Leather. A riding jacket if you will.
When life gives lemons.
where tf did i do wit my phone when i came in last night
Hangover left me...Shout out to tha baddest mother's #HappyMother'sDay
- tequila is a great anitdote Leslie...and ice cream works too! Tomorrow is always better.
Went through my entire house picking up all the change I could find.. Found $20 :D
Special Shout out to for helping boost my twitter followers! xoxoxo
See you in NYC #Caps. Make a miracle happen in round 2?
I can relate, but isn't that reason in and of itself ;-)
I'm glad. It was an absolute joy to be there
No. I've just come back. I'm not even sure I'll stay.
Working through the holidays. :)
wtf the packer's need more
The Friday Thinker is coming your way at 9:30 sharp! Bone up on your knowledge now and be back here in an hour and a half!
#GreysonMMag What color are your bedroom walls? ;)
Any one trying the G1?
I want to say something but have no one to say it to, therefore Twitter will have to do
I'm interested in doing an event with you guys!!! :) do you have an email address I can contact you at? Thanks!
Just dropped off the last payment for my husband's car in the mailbox. No more car payment!! Yeah!!
Voting now on #Budget4All, supports robust safety net w/ invstmts in child nutrition, affordable housing, and
May is Foster Care Month - Help find more permanent homes for our kids and power their dreams!
Don't I feel stupid, thinking you could have actually been caring about me all this time. Why would you lead me on this long to ignore me?
The hubs & I are getting our taxes done today. If that isn't love...
Check out today's film-method.com podcast!
I Love My New Math Class., The Kid Next To Me Gets So Excited About Math. Yeah Love Ya Mark.
Demoing Sony Internet TV powered by Google TV on Intel Atom CE4100 processors!
Yes. THAT kind of awesome! RT And if by awesome you mean #HungerGames nerds, you are correct :)
thanks for the follow fam
can you get back to me
mog better sound & interface!
More problems for Toyota. Now it's the Prius getting complaints. And it's not the sticking gas pedal attention, but faulty brakes.
Brian's image in for Illinois - should be live now
Details on April issue release party at this Monday, April 11. Hope you can make it! RSVP to 944.com/analogbar
How are you going to celebrate Kass' birthday, ? How about a customized #Caribbean #yacht charter!
Very nice!
Sounds like fun!
Lol, well I'm waiting(;
RT : Don't forget - First Friday THIS Friday from 6-9pm
New DJ name: DJ WWJD (palindrome)(different than a Palin-drome, which is a Palin-like drome)(drome is not a real word)
And when I'm at school I'll just tweet and complain about how I hate everyone
it's actually not until tomorrow night! today is only wednesday. :)
hey girl
Starting w basics (even profile setup) is a good idea as ppl can be embarrassed to ask Qs. Ease them into activities. Cc
RT What does a person with an STD look like??? Since we all know so well .... Or here's a better question, do we even care??
Plus, I heard we're going to be giving away some CDs! ;)
Tim Thomas ridiculous Save.
you can get on tiny chat
oh MAN that'd be sick. i've got tickets for excision via identity fest this summer; check out dates, may be a stop near you!
Looking ok 2 day. Feeling good feeling great. Lol
Beautiful day, new quarter, lost students… what more could you ask?
A few have asked for this game, so let's see who can get the "W'!
Looking forward to some playoff hockey tonight -- it's not the Frozen Four, but it'll do
rude skinny al
Thank goodness they can be, ! Otherwise course would be for naught.
Maybe we prove the concept by helping them learn through mLearning
Binary progress bars probably aren't the best UI choice
get all the best off-beat sports stories in 1 place USSportspages.com
I know lol just come bro. Whenever
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle. Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
Ended class today with before and after pics of Sammy Sosa
Learning to write an elevator speech for a marketing class. Could you sell your program ideas in less than a minute?
ya like as in tater tots hahah
what was he fined that much for?
Jimmy check out the ninja. I love mine and use it everyday
with #grading done, time now to dig into summer: write a chapter, propose a chapter, give a talk, write a book
Still waiting at the doctor's office.
This is my #swaggeryear one way or another stuff will be different.
#ASTD2012 budget is the biggest barrier to mobile learning, followed by legacy systems according to ASTD
"For the world you may be just one person, but for one person you may be the whole world!
Jamming to a little Eddy J in preparation for the
Happy Saturday Morning!!!
Crazy day today. Crazy day. XD
I don't like (nor understand) the trend of blogs / news sites changing their text color to gray instead of black. It's not easy on the eyes.
RT : What time signature is "Happy Birthday" in? // FREESTYLE!
It's hard to have a good lunch break when won't stop staring at you.
Awesome! Will do.Thanks!
True, but It would be awesome, I'd just ignore them, talk to R.S. and then get laid at the end of dinner. PERFECTO !!
lol not everyone can live the life of leisure like you...some gotta eat on the move.
but anyways I want a smoothie going to math now kma
I might know one ... Yell if you want me to contact.
I love her like no one else
But if Walker can make this all about collective bargaining/unions, instead of his way of "ruling" he's got a shot of winning the recall.
RT : Hopefully you can stay at Arsenal. If not thank you for all the hard work and tenacity you put in for us.
Nope, thanks for the follow-up.
Why does UNC use towel Men? In suit and tie? Mopping up sweat on the court
Hello everyone..go web page chk out the trailer to my movie n order the dvd to my movie. W.epidemicchronicles.com
Why are people still setting off fireworks in this neighborhood in August?? My dog is terrified.
#NB Nas - Affirmative Action..... The Content & Lyrics Of This Song Is Sick. Foxy Killed It, They All Did!
Interesting to follow the new trends in sports biz and how purchasing and marketing are effected by technology
First draft of my first interpretive sign finished. Sign writing is hard!
regarding the Grizz....
playing right tackle now lol
Will be on my way to #NOLA later.
so ill see you in studio in about hour then.right! :)
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have improved so much, I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 3
Love this quote, courtesy of Bob Magruder: "You have a direction and you have a nose. Be sure to pick your direction and not your nose."
I love that ' guitar called 'Hitmaker' played on 's song 'Shady'. No wonder that song hit me as a hit. It's a HIT!
What number Hunger Games is depicted in the first book?
if u don't come over, consider our meager friendship over.
Same here, if my hammy and shoulder agree with that… :)
Night twitter;)
hi so glad we are together on cool music!!
#Tastemakersks Great call, Nice to meet all of you!! !!
Supreme BS,"I'll cut the deficit in half in my first year in office" Barry Soetoro aka Barack Obama...aka Barry Gunny...
God set my clock fast so I'm ahead of my time.
Why am I like invisible.?
Glad to RT! Good stuff!
Agree! RT : It is also acceptable to refer to that area as "God's Country." Congrats.
Thank you for the info! I believe what i have been shown!I see what others cannot.Liked the message
Its the last weekend to save on #Seed purchases! 25% off
