#70...Babs
“I don’t know. Maybe they’re getting too much sun. I think I’m going to cut them way back.” I replied.
The reason could be anything. Maybe you violated some arcane, meaningless regulation among the hundreds of thousands of pages of US Code (ignorance of the law is NOT an excuse!). Maybe you were at the wrong place at the wrong time. Or maybe they had no real reason at all other than mere suspicion.
Last but certainly far from least, I want to talk about the magnetic triggers that was mentioned yesterday. I had seen for a couple of weeks various people just waking up one day and walking out of their lives. I had not talked about it because it was really strange. It looked almost zombie like… blank stares just leaving. I had no clue where they were going, I was too transfixed on the blank facial expressions… some even had older children along side of them, equally with the same blank look on their face. I am sure, if I had really looked at the expression on my own face as I moved out of my family’s life to New Mexico, I would have looked the same. Had no clue why I was doing it, or what would happen…. I just had to go. I am more than grateful that I did!!
I think I can believe that, though it’s hard
Josef Strauss: Delirien waltz
Please contribute, not with money, but with your spare time, to give to those that really are in need of help, you can do this by simply making your voice heard and forcing your own goverments to take notice.
Bolus
I am in the market for a great stamp for the BACK of my cards. I think I would like to have my name and blog site listed, and I think a bit of a crazy font would make it just about perfect for my style. Any ideas? Hey, and what about watermarks? What do YOU use on your pics?
"Sister Mallory Castle, You HAVE a LETTER!!!"
they are “stuck in a class” - I prefer to call
The very next day, she of course had to go to work. We've been keeping the curtains closed on the patio door for a reason, one which she can't seem to comprehend. This is not an invitation for her, or ANYONE, to come up on my patio and bang on the glass fucking door. And yet, she does it anyway. This time, she had gone in the house to change and take out her trash first, so she was already wearing her nightgown, and had taken out her bottom teeth. I almost didn't answer it. She knows we don't like it when she does this. If I have the curtains closed, it's typically because I'm not dressed appropriately. Just because she is comfortable coming in my house, in front of my husband, in her nightgown, doesn't mean I want other people to see me in mine. She has to walk past my inside front door to get to her own anyway. It boggles my mind.
What seemed to be an unprecedented rebellion of "matter" itself against "natural law" was not really anything outrageous or new, but only part of the natural course of things. Still, there is sense that for the poet something new has happened-- "There was a subtle flood of steam/ moving upon the face of things." For him, "the face of things," his perceptual experience of the world, has been changed in a way that though "subtle" is deeply important. This movement of the steam has been a "flood"-- and even more Biblically, it has "moved upon the face of things," just as "the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters" in the act that began creation.
Thank you for asking how I am it means the world to me...:0)
Outside of Betty Page videos, it was Pulp Fiction what started it all. With Ving Rhames, Bruce Willis and a gimp, it's a remarkable scene. It takes Pulp Fiction in directions anew, and would be endlessly ripped off and homaged for years to come. It catapulted the ball gag into the mainstream (for want of a better word. I hesitate to call Pulp Fiction's Indie crime thriller properly mainstream). Still, Pulp Fiction spoofs aside, all was quiet for the ball gag for a good few years. Sure, it popped up in the likes of The Simpsons (!) and the occasional horror flick (namely shit like Candyman 3), but Hollywood wasn't too sure what to do with it just yet.
I think that Dan said I love you too soon. It wasn’t too long ago that Blair got divorced and walked away from Chuck. She needs more time to fall in love with Dan. He shouldn’t get too worked up about it. She’ll say it eventually. That is if she doesn’t find out about him following her and lying to her.
Lyla Garrity (Minka Kelly): Cheerleader and girlfriend to starting quarterback, Jason Street. She’s portrayed as being the “good girl” type who tries to do right by everyone and everything.
However, the more I stared at our closest natural satellite, an odd sense of wrongness overcame me. Something, and I was hard pressed to put my foot on it, was wrong with what I was seeing.
It’s possible that some will take some time getting into it.
"She loved to talk about her children but never talked about her husband or their relationship," Henry said in a telephone interview from Italy. "It never seemed like a very close relationship. But I never saw anything that indicated she might be in danger, nothing to make me worry about her."The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported that Zinkhan dumped his jeep, passport inside.
"Sounds weird!" I say.
I posted this pic yesterday and some of you thought I had a double lot! Hilarious. Yes darling, we couldn't decide which pool we liked, so we built two! Actually, our neighbors were so excited about Fence Me In and their stellar work, they are getting a new fence at the same time.
And I go back to work Monday.
of the barrow,
The sad part is this, 50% of the time the customer bought the white doll instead of leaving empty handed. I asked the manager why the number of black and Hispanic dolls was so limited and the reply shocked me.
Lord, I do not want to move until You move.
Sometimes I wonder if these Organised Humans are the same species as me. They obviously understand something I don’t (and have probably made a note of it in one of their thousands of notebooks) Every now and again I try to copy them, to mimic their behaviour in the hopes that I will assimilate into their culture. But I’m obviously missing something important. Though I buy calendars and make notes, it never seems to culminate in me being organised. It’s just more pieces of paper for me to lose in the pile of things-that-are-very-probably-important.
* 4 chicken breasts, cooked & shredded
Since this month is all about spreading the love of books I absolutely ADORE, I'm giving away a pre-ordered of a hardcover copy of Brightly Woven.
As a postscript to my last entry here at Cinedrome, I've just learned that Cinemark Holdings, Inc. is presenting one-night- only screenings of Wings this month as part of their Reel Classics series. There were two of them scheduled, but the first one (on May 2) was over before I knew about it. That leaves one more, on Wednesday, May 16. Go here on the Cinemark Web site and click on the Wings/Reel Classics box at the bottom of the page to see if there's a participating Cinemark theater near you. If there is, you'll find it well worth your while.
I’m also tired of waiting on BibleGateway to load the page for me to provide the link, and what more it makes for bad devotion. From here on out, I’ll be posting a link to the whole of Matthew 3 at the top of the page where the chapter title is (some of the links are present below, but they cut out toward the end).
Some may know extraneous details, but just she and I know what happened. I think at this point, actually, I’m the only one that knows.
Why I chose this book: See above. But also because I am from Wisconsin and enjoy learning about the history of our fishing communities and immigrant experiences. And also because it's Friday of EARTH WEEK! I love sharing great stories for kids about our natural world.
The second disc includes “Lumet on Lumet,” a collection of archival interviews with the director who talks about his long career. He talks about getting into show business as a kid. He also discusses his work ethic and how he applied it to his films. Lumet also shares some of his interesting life experiences.
‘LDI’ is an abbreviation for Lawrenceburg Distillers Indiana, which is located in Lawrenceburg, Indiana, just west of Cincinnati.
For a discussion of the chances of James Murdoch and David Cameron, follow the links on their names. It would probably be fair to say that the latter’s performance in the House today improved his chances somewhat: but that, as ever, they depend on what else emerges as time goes on.
“Imagine coming to a comedy club and not being sure if the “comedian” was David Brent or Ricky Gervais.” Analyzed Peter.
Ignorance, as well as disapproval for the natural restraints placed on market excesses that capitalism and sound markets impose, cause our present leaders to reject capitalism and blame it for all the problems we face. If this fallacy is not corrected and capitalism is even further undermined, the prosperity that the free market generates will be destroyed.
Today’s Zaman reports that the Bible is under high security and that a Turkish daily newspaper, the Star, claims the book could be a copy of the Gospel of Barnabas — a controversial text which Muslims claim is an addition to the original gospels — Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John — that was suppressed.
Many thanks to everyone who joined in last week and we thoroughly enjoyed looking at all your entries and boy, oh boy, did Karen have a hard job choosing. The top 3 in no paticular order are :
Much, much more.
In my next article on this subject (Praying as Jesus Prayed Part 2) I will comment on the remaining two themes on Prayer at the beginning of Luke Chapter 11 (cf., Luke 11:5-8; and Luke 11:9-13).
have used Judikins, Stampers Anonymous and other stamps on the background. I stamped with
Would it be any different if I opened a store and took my proceeds and spent it on a surgery? Is asking people to buy something from me so that I can get my surgery somehow lowering myself to beggar position?
Russian spittle-licking suits them just fine, and hey, Ivan, why don't you buy some of our lovely smack while you're here?
Oh - our other spot here at Senator Wash was probably a scorpion nursery! Remember a large Arizona Barker scorpion ran past our lawn chairs - well, there was a baby one by our back RV jacks. Equal amount of venom. None have been seen at the new location - whew!
One of the things which turned me off about many Republicans when I was younger is their Ebenezer Scrooge-like attitude towards their fellow man. Perhaps this is a result of liberals trying to force charity out of their fellow citizens, trying to coerce people to 'love their neighbor.' Of course the liberal is wrong to do this. Charity is not charity if it is compulsory or coerced. But just because liberals use 'compassion' as an excuse for extorting money from the rest of us, from the productive, that does not make charity a bad thing, or compassion a weakness. It can be exploited, but only if we let it.
I gravitate toward novels about India. This year alone I've read four of them, and although that's certainly not enough to make me anything but a dilettante, still it's more than most people I know.
Nostalgia
- 1/4 teaspoon of baking soda
His apparent love of costume is expressed
Everything to God in prayer.
If you have stopped painting for some times and you feel down because of it, the best way out is not to ask yourself “why?” but just to take small steps to get back into it. Artists are “makers” and it’s by making that we find again our artist way. Here are five suggestions to end a dry spell:
"YEARS after it shut, an Eltham site is still awaiting redevelopment while residents complain rats and flooding are causing a health hazard.
BLEAMY'S CORNER follows the life and wanderings of eleven-year-old Jeromy Bleamy, a mostly-wise, sometimes-precocious, and often-proud child who is full of what he would call unshakeable resolve…and what others would call courageous stubbornness.
When I was in high school I also had a reputation. And it was not a very good one by many standards.
In past years, I’ve just escalated feed in the last 30 days of pregnancy, leading up to the first day lambs are due. This time, I started ramping them up on grain ten weeks prior to lambing, bringing them up to 1.5 lbs. per head per day over three weeks. So they had seven full weeks of high grain before the onset of lambing (and more if they lambed later than the first day). I used a “dry” rolled corn-barley mix (no molasses), which is only about 10% protein, same as my hay. So, it’s not a “hot” feed like soybean meal (which is about 50% protein). Rather, it is just something to give them extra calories as they are able to take in less feed volume when their bellies are full of lambs.
Capitalism is based on playing to your individual strengths – not everyone is good at math, and so not everyone is an engineer. The same analogy works with history … curator, politics … lobbyist, science … microbiologist. Based off the three examples I just gave you, here’s how capitalism works: A student tries hard in school and wins a merit scholarship for the university she wants to attend (which was designed by an engineer working with an architect). She’s got her mind set on having her own research firm when she graduates, so she works a job to earn money for her future instead of getting drunk and doing nothing all day. After she graduates, she sets out with her money and starts a firm with her friends. Eventually, they all go on a diving trip to discover why some tuna are dying like never before. Let’s say that they find and bring back some water samples to their firm’s lab. They find a new parasite that is killing the profitable tuna. They then publish their findings and appeal to a lobbyist to find a solution within Congress. When a solution is found and the crisis is resolved, she ends up having her picture in a museum that the curator is in charge of. That’s capitalism. Conservative ideals of working hard, keeping earned money, and individualism all support capitalism – aka, OUR system.
Access to the latest Cricut.com deals.
Pirke Avot is mostly a collection of sayings from the rabbis of old. It it still widely studied because the sayings still have meaning and it is popular because it consists of many short, standalone aphorisms. We have several versions of the book in our library. Wisdom of the Jewish sages: a modern reading of Pirke avot, by Rabbi Rami M. Shapiro, is small enough to fit in your pocket and, even so, has more white space on each page than print. Rabbi Shapiro has translated and interpreted the ancient text in a way that is most meaningful to him and, he hopes, to other modern readers. He has removed some of the sexist language and, interestingly, translated Torah as Reality. It is worth reading in its own right, but even more interesting to compare to traditional translations and commentaries.
2tbsp Yogurt
Having recently moved back to South Africa from Niger I am perplexed by all the Racism in this country. We left during apartheid. I came back because there is not much economic wise positive in Niger.
Rationally and objectively, there are only plusses to being afforded the opportunity to leave South Africa. The facts about South Africa I’ve documented in many essays. These facts, oddly enough, are not always known, processed, or understood by South Africans.
I've noticed something in Temescal recently. Hats. Lots of hats. Lots of different kinds of hats. And especially, lots of weird hats.
It frustrates me then, when activists in search of a cause - in my experience, often frizzy-haired academics - use cultural boycotts to disperse an inaccurate 'them and us' mentality that inhibits any relationship between the communities. Sue Blackwell, an enthusiastic supporter of a boycott of Israel, is one example. She was also my frizzy-haired university tutor.
This will be my last daily post. I am going to switch to weekly posts. The work with Remington is going to be a lot more repetitive and I'd hate to be posting the same thing everyday.
"You dress funny."
Cardigan- Modström
Tirosh-Becker also publishes a large number of quotations from the previously-lost Mekhilta of Rabbi Shimon b. Yohai. This is a real find, and the author promises an article soon with Menahem Kahana on their value (see pp. 112-115 for a discussion, and pp. 856-882 for the quotations). There is a disproportionately large amount of quotations from this Mekhilta in the corpus, pointing to its prominence in Babylonia (indeed, the Mekhilta of Rabbi Ishmael was sometimes called “the Palestinian Mekhilta”). Many of these quotations are from parts of the Mekhilta not attested in known Genizah fragments, and were reconstructed from the fourteenth century Yemenite Midrash Hagadol twice: by D. Z. Hoffmann, and by J. N. Epstein. The latter was more conservative in his reconstructions, but several quotations discovered by Tirosh-Becker actually support Hoffmann’s more extensive reconstructions. However, these quotations, as far as I could see, are not marked in any way as derived from the Mekhilta, and in some cases (see e.g. pp. 859, 860-862) I’m curious why the author thinks they are from this work and not simply from one of the Talmuds, which contain similar material.
Moving the furniture was damn near impossible, and even though I live with my brother and nephew and niece, I wouldn't think of asking for help! (see a trend here?) There was no place to put anything in my living room, so I moved things mostly filled, rather than unloading everything. Those Ikea shelves weigh a ton when loaded and don't like to be moved! And those old tables, well they are great, cause the tops are enameled and can be scraped with a razor blade. But the legs are all wobbly and the leaves want to fall off, and the floor is way crooked! So I shimmied and shoved and grunted and groaned till they were in place, then I took Tylenol and slept in the recliner till my knees wanted to work again.
This is an update to this post.
Overall Credibility: 9 (I would have given it a 10, but it is just a bit less realistic than the original. We can question how Jason has been able to survive for so long if he is mentally disabled, but otherwise it is all possible, plausible and credible...well until the final stinger ending)
From what I learned about how public schools handle bullying, the right thing to do is always to tell an adult, but it’s not generally going to do any good. There are certain kinds of people whose lives are just plain worth less to everyone else, and members of those groups always learn where they stand sooner or later.
Me: I know, my tummy is just full from dinner (and I don't want to catch your cold)
What a Mesh
41. So I heard you got the hots for me!
There comes a point where the world is surreal and I was beyond anger.
Raw Veggies: green pepper (capsicum), onion, cilantro, carrot, spinach
in a world with wonders undefined.
The place was empty. There was only a family with a young boy and a baby that didn’t want to stop crying. Nevertheless, we went in. The ambiance was very date friendly. The tables a little to close for comfort, but you do what you gotta do to make a buck right?!
Anglo-Saxons have been notoriously less ethnocentric than just about any other group. Jews (with some honourable exceptions) have pursued a consistent, long term strategy of undermining Anglo-Saxon Protestant hegemony in American politics and society. In Canada, the French have developed ethnic free-riding at the expense of Anglo-Saxons into an art form. It really is time that Anglo-Saxons ceased to believe that cosmopolitan self-sacrifice on their part will ever be reciprocated. Our weakness is in fact one of the most important reasons that whites generally—with the notable exception of Jews—are losing ground to the non-white masses flooding into what Europeans still so quaintly refer to as the “Anglo-Saxon countries.”
Each year I spend the weeks before the big day baking up sweet and savory delights, and this year is no exception. On the list today is Christmas Sandwich Cremes, Butterscotch Icebox Cookies, and Browned Butter Sugar Cookies. I usually bake about 6-10 different types of cookies, homemade Nut's and Bolt's (not exactly a baked good, but worth a mention as it's sooo buttery delish!), and many other delicious bites.
And I know that day will come. But knowing that day is not now, can hurt a little.
Anchor Liberty
I raise an amused eyebrow. Greg’s talking about closing. Of course he is. Sort of a “coffee is for closers” kind of moment.
Why: Sniper Squad DJ’s was created to primarily create a viable network of DJ’s to address the the needs and resources of the DJ first, ahead of the artists seeking promotion. “The DJ is the architect and the backbone for hip-hop and beyond,” Payton often states. “DJ’s continue to be just as relevant as the artists that seek to promote their music. We are for the DJ’s, with the DJ’s, and provide to the DJ’s first.” With careful attention paid to the concerns and current business trends of several DJ’s, Payton and her team continue to lay groundwork involving several different aspects of the business and cultural needs of the DJ. Sniper Squad DJ’s continue to build a close-knit organization of diverse DJ’s and select industry tastemakers, both nationally and internationally, transcending well beyond the realms of not only hip-hop and otherwise urban music, but also inclusive of all genres of music. Sniper Squad DJ’s can be found on terrestrial, satellite and internet radio, mixtapes, club and mobile events, in addition to artist and tour DJ’s. Expansion will include select industry tastemakers that promote cultural diversity and uphold a strong sense of professionalism and integrity, both personally and professionally. The Sniper Squad DJ’s believe that proper performance speaks for itself, on and off stage
Step 3: Sauce, cheese, wrap, label. Place in piles of 10 on the shippers and stack the shippers 13 high. It’s the only way they’ll fit through the produce door.
Apparently, as I’ve been writing this bloggerie, I’ve amended my message. Not only is it important to grieve, it is necessary.
Lenhart’s doctor confirmed in an affidavit that he wrote the prescription for her and that he never received a call from CVS asking to confirm the prescription. Benton thinks the pharmacy may have called the wrong physician.
Does it have to do with the tailoring of the garment? Once again referring to the drawings in the fourth article linked, if that vertically striped dress were more tailored, that stripe would likely not cut across her hips on the ends there. They would contour more, which I suspect would be more slimming. That same article also includes pictures of women in dresses with horizontal stripes. All of those dresses are tight dresses that countour to the body. The one example of vertical is not fitted and thus obviously not slimming. In the same vein, where I've tried on horizontal stripes and find them widening is in t-shirt knits. I find fitted t-shirt knits make me look larger anyways, and even if I could find a horizontal striped one, I doubt that it would be particularly slimming. Non-fitted tees make me look wider, also regardless of pattern, and that's where my other widening horizontal's tend to fit; not fitted. Finally, ending this thread of thought is that the vertical stripes I find to be slimming are actually countoured to my body, so they're not exactly perfectly vertical, as in the illustration.
They sidle over to the garden,
Tonight I just came from the Christmas party downstairs and- these days all it takes is a couple of glasses of wine to flatten my voice out.
I'm not upset that he made that purchase. After all, he is the main provider for this family. And besides it was paid for with the money that Uncle Sam just recently gave back to us after so kindly holding it, interest free, throughout last year. The thing is, after 20 years of never knowing what to give my guy for birthdays or Christmas, I FINALLY had a great birthday gift lined up for him. I knew what he wanted and I had set the funds aside to get it.
Mother Jones passed away today in 1930. Jones was a famous labor organizer.
Hi Heather! Thanks for participating in my first ever blogoversary!
If you opt against a religious ceremony, you have more freedom with who you choose to officiate. The best way to save money is to have a friend perform the ceremony. One of my friends asked her uncle to officiate her wedding. There’s a few ways to get certified. There are some denominations, such as the Universal Life Church and First Nation Ministry, that open ordination to anyone and allow you to get certified online. If you choose to go this route, make sure you check the legal requirements of your state.
It is nearly impossible to engender the necessary confidence, trust and loyalty a leader must possess without being fully engaged. A leader spends as much time out of the confines of the office engaging in real conversation with people as they do in their office planning, decision-making and organizing. Whether in person, over the phone, via email, through the social web, or even by sending a good old fashion “thank you” note – be an engaging conversationalist.
*Sighing heavily, stomping and slamming doors
Fact; I wanna get a hair cut, and highlights. xD
"Susie, Susie, Susie. What am I going to do with you?"
I need dresses! I never had many, they are too expensive and I always thought – you can’t wear a dress as often as you can separate bottom and top pieces which you combine to create different looks, so I never wanted to spend so much money on dresses. But I do love them! And now, that I can make them exactly how I want them, I want to have several!
The first problem is that ocean currents don't behave the way Warmists want. There is nothing steady about them. It is true that several La Nina (cooling) events have happened in recent times but they alternated with "neutral" and warming (el nino) events. Fear not, however! With statistical averages we can maybe smooth that out. And so to the article below.
The interoperability and compatibility issue is key, and a major obstacle is the lack of a common language and agreed operational standards for expressing, identifying and communicating rights information both across industry sectors and across national borders.
~ Beat egg yolks with sugar then add in vanilla mixture and follow with oil and flour. Set aside.
d) some combination of the above (always including "c")*So, here's what's left. Enjoy.
The Needs of Children with Asperger's Syndrome
- Crab cakes - Faidley's in the Lexington Market supposedly has the best in the city. Also get some raw oysters if they are in season. Or, if you are willing to leave the city, hit up G&M Restaurant (near BWI airport) for their crab cakes - widely believed to be the best in the area. They are quite large and tasty, but be prepared to wait for a table.
And thought the sleaze of R ‘n’ B best.
You know how you always hear parents talking about how they finally get to go out on a date without their kids, but then all they end up talking about is the kids? I knew we'd miss Kaylee, and of course we'd think about her and talk about her, but what I didn't realize was the little things during our trip that would bring her to mind. As I unpacked, and throughout our trip, I found things.
May Highlights
What’s a girl to do? I grabbed my computer bag, ready to do battle with the bulge. With great fear and trepidation, I grabbed the bag, opened it and was shocked to see it didn’t need cleaned out.
On this particular trip I was on my way back from the grocery store and all kinds of thoughts were going through my head: “Where should I transplant my very shaky roots? How am I going to survive, financially? Are my kids going to be all right? Am I going to be all right? Should I switch jobs…and if so, what should I do?” I’m a creature of habit and don’t handle change well. Now every aspect of my life was up for grabs and I was grasping into air that seemed to be growing thinner by the minute.
you get the gist.
In fact, aside from the first chapter’s colour pages, the last chapter’s ONE colour page, the animated adaptations I mentioned, volume covers, and some side-material, this is the only piece of colour artwork the series has gotten despite the really high quality drawings Akamatsu has given us:
Now onto some things that didn't impress me about the service this month: firstly, the boxes shipped out 2 days later than it was stated on the Sample Society website, but they did apologize about the delay when they emailed the shipping confirmation. Also, before I got my shipping confirmation, I received a random automated email listing all the samples I was going to get - what a spoiler! Fortunately, I averted my eyes just in time and still had my element of surprise when I was unboxing the package. Thirdly, the Dermalogica sample spilt all over my box and the powder got everywhere; but I guess those things happen. And lastly, I believe WA residents actually have to pay another dollar for sales tax, which is a bit unfair.
This is also a good time for winding up unfinished projects, letting go of grievances and losses and focus on the coming year.
- It's giveaway time!
That would never leave a dry eye in the room
I don’t know, honestly. There’s just something so alluring about having the one thing you’re not supposed to have, even if we know it’s not good for us…human nature, I guess. And it’s also the ultimate romantic notion - loving someone against all odds.
Of our young quest for fortunate fruition
And Mike remains the same as always, cute and playful. Woops! That was the dog. Mike did no-shave November and this is him finally shaving it off bit by bit. There was much rejoicing on my side but I think his face misses the warmth.
The Trust owns around 200 miles of coastline in Wales and 26 miles of that are on Gower. So we were celebrating at the launch yesterday at Cardiff. Colleagues were also at the other two events in Aberystwyth and Flint, and by all accounts had a great time.
She is the kind of mother, friend and woman I aspire everyday to be.
Despite the sadness I have been feeling, I also feel very blessed and happy to be carrying another miracle. Every night when we listen to Pooh's heartbeat, our hearts feel so much happiness and peace. It's like listening to a miraculous symphony. I pray for this baby and I just hope with all that I have that we get to bring this little one home.
Also recommend reading the novel (with the same name) by Susan Hill.
All done for now! I really want to post a recipe roundup tomorrow with all my favorite Pinterest recipes--we'll see if I can get to it. After that I'll be MIA for a bit and then I'm thinking there will be a post with possibly even more pictures than this one. Fun times ahead!
Ice storm this morning. Fell on my butt on the ice in the driveway putting down salt. Hurt like heck. The wife laughed for one hour, which I think was very cruel.
Definitely worth sparing the time.
My glitter isn't going anywhere!!!!
“We decided to further analyze the genomic sequence of the MuLV-like contaminant virus. Surprisingly it… showed 99% identity to a synthetic retrovirus which was engineered in the 1980s.”
So yesterday I was talking about how easy it is to go off on a tangent and lose your focus, and then last night I was talking to someone about my Gumshoe whining and he said “you gotta read Ashen Stars” and I’m like “dude, I know it” and he’s like “here it is” and bam, I’m off focus, reading away on something I can easily read in five years from now.
I let out the most heartwrenching wail as he held me in his arms that night and I was numb. The next morning, I took off my ring, put it in its box and went to work feeling completely hollowed out.
If you compare yourself with others,
There are several reasons why I'm stepping back now--let's call it an indefinite hiatus--and chief among them are that I'm trying to explore more interests for which I've not made enough time over the last few years. I used to hike to the top of a mountain every week or two, but I haven't done that in a few years now. I used to travel a lot more, and I always wished that I could chronicle those travels better than just writing Yelp reviews of the places where we ate. I just happened to find a perfectly functional Polaroid SX-70 at an estate sale, so now I'm excited to get started on doing that. ALSO...I'd like to have a band that lasts longer than 1-2 shows or 7-8 practices...maybe record something! Make a record? Perhaps start a label? Not sure about that last part, but we'll see where this life-after-KDVS goes. There's also the friends and family who I didn't get to see often enough because I spent two nights per week at KDVS (one to do the show, another to train the next generation of new DJs). I definitely wanna spend more time with them, too.
Well I promise I will try and keep up with this Blog malarky. I still have to show you the other layouts in my daughters 21st Album.
It must have been an O.B.E becasue I saw me push his face out of my window ( did I mention how useless my dog was at this point. My other ancient dog who was at no doubt at home sleeping in the favorite chair; would have taken off his smirking hairless face and gone for his gnads next.) grabbed his sunglasses throwing them off to the side hoping to get a chance to roll up the window.
And just like that
my sweet, handsome & talented husband helped me put together.
Finally we ventured out together, the currents pushed warmly against our toes, and we gathered what little we had and moved away from the big water into the trees. For awhile we lost the sun under the heavy canopy, but when the branches thinned out we felt the warmth of it again. We followed the sun for many days and the beach became a memory to us. The trees and the long stretches of hard ground and loose blowing sand were something we knew of, from long ago, but neither of us could explain the feeling. At night we crouched under fallen trees or inside of jumbled rocks. I carried stones and a sharp stick because wild things were peering at us in the darkness and pacing us throughout the day. After many days Sorry complained and simply stopped. She would go no further, and I made her a nest in a hidden thicket and we stayed there until she cried out and birthed a small hairy lump that shrieked madly then mewled when she brought it to her breast. We stayed put for three moons and I hunted in the night, spearing the small things that were lusting after our meat, and we ate.
They are caused by the sun’s magnetic field becoming twisted – and it’s this twisting dynamic that can produce coronal mass ejections.
The branches of Birth and Death had it rough. People did often take offense to the Life agents who checked on them, but to assassinate one of them was far more rare than agents from rest of the department. Death agents got knocked off sometimes, but their cases would be taken up by others while the assassin was tracked down. Assassins got neither a year nor six months to make up for their crime when they were caught. Some confessed, screamed a speech or two for the media to pick up about how the world had gone wrong, screamed all the way to the final door and beyond.
However, I am on a tight deadline for this DQS11 and so I heeded to some great advice from Dolores at Deeroo Designs. Dolores is always keen on a glue stick (as anyone who followed her Tickertape QAL can vouch for) and her suggestion was that you glue the fabric to the paper template. I wasn't so sure at first, but these tiny little pieces were taking so long...
~Vicky D
I was going to start a seperate page for a more personal blogging area (you know....more about my life then crafting) but I decided why make it a seperate page??? I will just kind of include it right here on my craft page. I mean crafting is part of my personal life too!!! So some posts may contain only personal day kind of stuff and others will be crafty kinds of stuff! I think you all can handle that!! I promise not to bore you!
I thought I skipped dinner today no I just had a small meal of spicy chicken and rice which is just great I think I am on a roll here I don’t feel hungry at all and I think updating this journal does helps as I have to make sure I don’t fail at this.
The film is sly and is not more than the basic idea. A Hollywood silent films star is catch unawares by the advent of sound and, without understanding the revolution, foolishly insist to produce and interpret silent movies. He falls into financial ruin and distress, psychological and existential, but is saved at the last moment by a girl, a young diva of speaking singing screaming cinema. A girl who has always loved George Valentin (that is the name of protagonist: any resemblance to real persons like Rodolfo Valentino is not purely coincidental), when she was an adoring spectator of his films, and now, after having saved George from ruin, will help him to enter in the new cinema. Happy ending.
Could tell from the start that the shin was off, so after heading up Amphi for about a minute I turned around and walked home.
If you haven't checked them out, you absolutely must!
3/4# chocolate malt
For the 4th mini challenged, we are to take one of the books we’ve read or are reading, list the main characters and create a cast for the movie!
To think that playing live is about just getting enough practice in beforehand, and then playing your songs one after another until the time is up, is for lack of a better term ‘a mistake’. There is a whole range of opportunity being wasted, gifts being sent back. It is important to accept, and to take everything.
Flopsy: What are those?
And we face time'd earlier and he told me what great of a time he was having.
In our Vedic knowledge, it is said in the form of shloka – In the space, first there was air, from the air fire arose, from fire water, and from water earth was created. The idea behind giving water to fire is that we go back to ourselves. From water to fire, fire to air and then, we do pranayama after giving arghya to the sun – we go to the air element. From the air we go to the space and then sit in meditation. All these are different types of stories; examining them more deeply reveals something new.
Shit happens, I clean up the crap, take stock of the situation and move on in a different way. That's all there is really. Do you have difficulty with disappointments or necessary changes of plans in life? Let me know, if you wish. Keep well...
This is an adaptation of those potatoes, but, trust me - some of you know me well enough by now - these are the best pureed - not mashed - potatoes you will ever eat.
Obviously the assassination has sparked some heated discussion in our little house, but in this as many things Muslim we agree. The Navy Seals did a remarkable job executing this mission and we are both thankful that they did not try to capture him. The media would have all Americans believe that the Moslem community is in an uproar over his death and Armageddon will surely commence at this dire and traumatic news.
But what shall we do with this premise, in the end? Is slavery immoral? It must first be said that there are different kinds of slavery, as I already alluded to. In different times and places, slavery has taken on different forms. The type of slavery we most often think of and most readily condemn is called chattel slavery. This is the kind of slavery through which blacks were taken from Africa, packed into ships, and forced to work on plantations in the New World. A fair number of white Europeans, Asians, and indigenous peoples were also slaves or at least indentured servants. Black slaves were the worst off because of the spread of racist ideology.
You can see it in my eyes.
Make sure it is set at 720p, the room is dark, and no one bothers you while you are watching.
Further up the path, I meet a centaur whom appears to have an impressive amount of pubic hair, but it's actually the bushy end of his tail, strategically placed to ensure I didn't mistake him for a young boy. I'm sure they didn't think of these things when they were doing the art back in the '80s.
Agathe – Christine Brewer
In this case, Schoeller's technique is the perfect way to highlight the similarities and dissimilarities of identical twins. Were it not for this descriptive text, viewers might think that these pictures feature the same person photographed twice. On closer inspection however, readers might see small deviations: a scar here, more freckles there, a slightly upturned nose on one, a more prominent chin on the other. Slowly, viewers realize that they're looking at identical twins.
1 cup pumpkin puree (fresh or canned)
Anything good happen this year ? Yes. A few things. I finally got my driver’s license. That is the best thing I did this year. Second best is learning to drive forklifts. Then I can’t think of anything else I’ve done that has been any good.
The Independent names Mark Reynolds and Glenn Crann of Savills as joint receivers “over the business” but they look like property receivers to me.
All the government is doing is adding fuel to the fire. Even with above average academic performance, the number of scholarships or financial assistance available is negligible for a white male. I’d love to work more hours and become more independent from my parents, but that’s just not happening anytime soon.
Hunger Games:
Requests for information are now being accepted for the possible adaptive reuse of the Rogers Street Firehouse. Deadline is June 15. For more information contact urbanartspace@bloomington.in.gov.
Before I can even write what I intended to I'm already in tears. I shouldn't be writing you this letter you should be here in my arms snuggled against me right now. Alas, that is not what the cards held for me so instead I write to you.
If you are new to Spiritual Sundays and would like to share a post on your blog, please click on Linking Info under the header picture for information. Everyone is invited.
8 weeks until it all begins…
She grabbed the pen and hastily signed the sheet. There. No turning back.
2120 Southgate Road
'Oh,' said Youngest. Not having a Clue what I was talking about.
We rent in an Home Owner’s Association (HOA) neighborhood. The HOA is pretty crazy about how your house looks, ie IF you have any weeds, trash cans out, statues, or any other type of montrosity you will get FINED! A montrosity is deemed as anything that they don’t like or looks hideous.
Disclaimer : This article is for informational purposes only. There is no legal advice being suggested or proffered. The author assumes no responsibility or liability for the actions taken or not taken by the readers based upon such information. This article is the opinion of the author and is not supported or endorsed by J.M. Wilson. It should not be relied upon and may contain inaccuracies or content may have changed over time, contact your underwriter for the most current and accurate information. Any comments or responses are the opinions of their authors. Content on this site is believed to be covered under Fair Use.
My next thought was the washing of the water. As the water lapped at my feet I thought about the washing of my spirit. God’s washing. Taking all that junk and washing it out in the ocean, burying it on the ocean floor.
One of my favorite things about movies is the ability to transport us to another place in another time and for some of us, the south in the sixties is very familiar territory.
So my 'retirement' plan has now gone from "dying while I can still afford the high quality dog food" to "hoping not to have to sell a kidney to pay the rent before I'm 60."
And the number one spot goes to Emma Wiggins from An Unexpected Bride
This is a particularly handsome row of houses. I love those domes, which carry on down the street, far beyond the frame of the photograph.
that is very healthy for the heart. They actually have the
On Friday we took the kids to Lansing to Impression 5, I went there in middle school and remembered it being a super awesome place. It is advertised as a science center and I just knew that David and Ryan would love it.
To understand how dramatic a change this would be, consider that if the planners have their way, 68% of new housing in Southern California by 2035 would be condos and apartment complexes. This contrasts with Census Bureau data showing that single-family, detached homes represented more than 80% of the increase in the region's housing stock between 2000 and 2010.
10. Prolapse - Flat Velocity Curve
So what is it? Devine intervention? Coincidence? Luck?
big wet noodle!
“Ok,” then he sat down. He pulled out a couple maps and started drawing on them and circling campsites.
I move things around alot in our house, i like to switch things up... but now i don't know what to do with this wall..
Interleaved with his story are two others: of a single mum (Vanessa Paradis) struggling to raise a son with Down syndrome in Sixties Paris, and of a woman plagued by strange dreams.
Mother swats them away with a wooden spatula as we giggle behind
Sonshine and I started watching Planet Earth with Richard Hammond (mother hates him: ' Why is that little man on EVERYTHING?' and had to give up near the end with a film about poaching elephants (much worse than poaching eggs). The tears and snotters started with the first appearance of the starving little lion cup....got progressively louder and hotter at the shivering little black bears up a tree in North America somewhere...and when the elephant calf disappeared the overall face-wetness became overwhelming. And Sonshine found it distressing too.
STUDIO CAREBLEND/PRESSED - $23.00 U.S./$27.50 CDN
Hope you get some inspiration from some of these ideas. Thank you again Pinterest. You can follow me here.<U+FEFF>
I’m a gardener. Not the first thing I would think I am, but really when it comes down to it, I’m a gardener. I have so many interests that catch my attention and I’m a shitty juggler when it comes to giving them laser-like focus. My strategy is time and patience, love, and a green thumb.
Chapter 10 occurs in the third year of Cyrus. Daniel has now been in Babylon 69 years. (That means people have already been sent back to Jerusalem to rebuild the Temple)
This Is Just For You To Say… at The Byronic Man. My latest blog find, I know I’m gonna love the blend of humor and pop culture here. Anybody who ever took English Lit will appreciate this post (it’s fun to participate too!)
I don't agree with everything John Derbyshire says but but he can sometimes produce some very prescient comments and, to quote from one of his various essays on the British Empire “When the Empire got properly into its stride, humanitarianism was a major driving force. Slavery was abolished throughout Britain's possessions in 1834, and much of the work of the Royal Navy through the middle decades of the 19th century was devoted to the suppression of slave trafficking by peoples of other nations- including this one (the USA). The British colony of Sierra Leone was founded as a refuge for freed slaves, a dozen years before Liberia. The drive to eliminate slavery was fueled by evangelical Christianity, which, in the form of missionary activity, continued to be an important element of the imperial thrust well into the 20th century, especially in Africa.”
Almost a year back I had written a post on “Getting the best from your team: Where does one start? – I” where I had explored a couple of ideas that a startup had applied towards building a great motivated team.
As I recall, a bumper sticker on Popcorn Sutton's truck read Never let the truth get in the way of a good story. Keep that in mind when talking about one of American moonshine's most prolific self-promoters.
Cutler (to Eve): “So, this is how it ends. This is what it was all for.”
I saw this funny word on the side of the jar "fluffernutter"...interesting.
Thank you Gail for having me today! I want you to know that I did all my own sawing and nailing on this project! With hubby out of town, I had no choice. ;-) It wasn’t to bad actually, I’m looking forward doing some more!
I love reading about life and romance in the Rockies and these books are centered around a bead shop. They are easy reads, page turners and Thayne crafted a community I would love to be a part of. Both books I downloaded on my Kindle app for my iPhone from Amazon.com and I didn't wake my hubby up while sleepless in BA. Book III will be out in October (2012), and I can't wait! I hope Thayne keeps writing this series!
in counter-terrorism, gaining operational experience of all forms of violent political threats to the UK
Why, so can I, or so can any man;
Then it began to pour and my phone battery died.
The basic principal here in case you aren't up to speed is you're eating goose liver. A giant, FAT, goose liver.
The only major issue I have with this movie is its length. After trailers, you spend about 2 1/2 hours in the theater. That is a little ridiculous. But since I can’t imagine them cutting any of the scenes out, I’ll let it slide.
I lived amongst storms
Just as it’s unwise to walk around with a hard three-hundred cash, it’s plain stupid to keep all your money in one debit account. ATM fraud and online hackers are real threats. I’ve met two Americans in Brazil who lost over US $30,000 because they were careless with their ATM accounts (this is not the norm but apparently happens).
I’m not usually one for complaining, but this is just a huge annoyance that I could have done without since I have only just launched. I have unfortunately had to increase postage prices to combat this. In addition to this, I have had to restrict what i am able to send outside of the UK:
This little hole started it all. IT. ALL. A year-ish ago I got a wild hair, as I tend to do frequently. (Sorry babe.) I wondered what might be hiding above the dropped ceiling in our kitchen. It started innocently enough...I took down the drop in the entryway....to expose a BEADBOARD ceiling. It was a joyous occassion. That project went SO great that I decided......
I think the bodice could be very pretty in a wide variety of fabrics. I'm thinking a navy linen would be very classic, and a stripe is a must!
Going Out To Get You ( cut from Trespass to make room for The Knife)
That’s because the natural rate of price appreciation for houses is zero after inflation. Prices will eventually stop falling. They’ll resume rising. But over the long term, they’re unlikely to resume rising faster than inflation.
Food Security: Increases food security by making fresh food available in the inner city.
9:20 - Jeremy calls his Dad, and I clean up the kitchen and dining room
One minute, they're standing, wobbling precariously. The next they're putting that first tentative foot forward, frowning with the difficulty of it all. And then, suddenly?
They do have one win to their name, back in 1966, but seven last-place finishes too. Let’s just say that they’ve never quite his a winning streak in the same way as some countries have. This is partly down to their fondness for sending comedy entries, and this is unfortunately the tactic they have resorted to this year.
5) FB or tweet about the giveaway, make sure to link back to this post. Leave a separate comment saying you did.
And BOY do those flaws become obvious. It's actually amazing how obvious they are! Things we found "cute" and "clever" in our query all of a sudden revealed themselves for what they were: two-ton anchors weighing the thing down. And that's when we realized something.
Maby it's not so bad to have somebody deciding everything for you?
Back on the good eating tomorrow….chinese hot pot! mmmm
Then — the 1980s and 1990s — as now, clerics on Saudi TV were obsessed with women and their orifices, especially what came out of them. I’ll never forget hearing that if a baby boy urinated on you, you could go ahead and pray in the same clothes, yet if a baby girl peed on you, you had to change. What on Earth in the girl’s urine made you impure? I wondered.
The last month has been a horror show for the U.S. economy, with economic data falling off a cliff, according to Mike Riddell, a fund manager at M&G Investments in London.
has just become an evil person who wants to destroy your life….
It’s a boatload of work, and I’m eager to get it finished.
Whilst escaping again they cross into German lines and are captured. The Doctor tries to persuade the German Lieutenant that they are not spies, and even demonstrates the Sonic Screwdriver by removing and replacing a screw from his revolver. In exactly the same way Smythe did, the German Major Von Weich uses a monocle to brainwash his Lieutenant. They manage to escape once more and head for the centre of the map, wherein we discover the next layer of this elaborate plot.
So let’s spend the day enjoying the sounds of Christmas and the company of the Widdershins.
5. Make Money
Irene gave us some examples, then asked us to consider and – Write a poem about the feeling of loneliness. She suggested we look beyond the usual metaphors and get more personal in our understanding and expression of that sense of being we commonly call loneliness. If you still have some poetic breath following April, now please share this first May poem with us. And thank you Irene!
Cashew nuts, ½ cup (optional)
I have distressed the edges with Crackle Paint; Picket Fence and Distress Ink; Walnut Stain.
I have always loved being part of a group that has inspired so many to stretch themselves in so many ways. It hurts me that some of you have given me the cold shoulder and shun me in the very group that I founded.
Repurposed McMansions, emptied of their human inhabitants, are filled in later by a troupe of mountain lions.
Unfortunately, a lot of the information on the Interwebz about guest posting isn’t specific to publishing/ writing blogs. You may hear that you should search for blogs that contain certain keywords and mass query them—or only approach bloggers with a high traffic ranking. This advice can end up wasting your time.
And then you have the gall to claim that Obama demonizes them?
Who have no children at their knees.
As for getting a hardcopy of the book, you could have ordered one from Turner Maxwell from day one.
“We will burn more calories when we engage the larger muscles of the body, so deepening our warrior poses, yoga squats and chair poses will increase the demand on our large muscles, therefore burning more calories.” So, for example, in our class this week at Yoga With Nicci, as we moved through Chandra Namaskar (Moon Salutation), with many squats, Trikonasana etc, you would definitely have been working into the larger muscles of the body, through a flowing sequence of asanas.
Another main centre of resistance will be the tribalists - into which group the politicians and their supporters will follow. They will not support anything unless it has been endorsed by the tribe and presents no risk to their ambitions. Clearly, ceding power to the people is not going to be welcome.
The course started with James Clay from University of Gloucester who talked about the challenges and issues libraries facing from embedding the use of e-books. Anna Hooper form Bristol libraries gave the public library consortium approach to the e-book service and how well is being used.
Yeah, what the fuck, right? Errol was born two Mondays ago, and he's doing well. If you'll look at the post 2 prior to this one, I mention that I was sick-- turned out it was morning sickness. Haha very funny, life! (And when Jim asked if I was trapped under something heavy, pretty much, yeah :p
I’m an open heart and mind. I am accepting you and more importantly, I am accepting myself. A Salon Co-Ordinator at the moment in a sunny North Texas who spends more than I have but creates even more. A people person in a twisted way. A blogger and piss poor writer who refuses to give up. A daughter, sister, cousin, friend, stranger and a list of endless titles. Happy. Happy and hopeful is what I am.
Our Solution for Architecture and Interiors
We all agree a one-party state is not good for democracy. How important it is then to make sure it’s not just a shoe-in for more Tories in the coming election. Think before you put your cross.
The Ministry of Oil will be trying to squeeze even more revenue out of future development contracts by closing one of the "loopholes" found in earlier contracts.
7x Island
I had time
Whoever told you that life is equal or fair was trying to sell you something. Nobody, nohow, nowhere ever has an "equal" experience to that of somebody else, somehow else, somewhere else. Every individual's experience is unique, whether they're unschooling or attending public school or matriculating at some upscale private institution. Some families have more money/resources than others. Some have more opportunities than others. They're all simply different. "Equal" is a chimera. Forget it, it's neither important nor realistic. Unique, individually-tailored experience is the important concept here. It doesn't matter that my experience in life is not equal to yours. What's important is that mine's mine and yours is yours.
Patek Philippe watches could be the probably the most high-priced look at on this planet. This is the good fortune look at that is bequeathed to 1 and also the body's rich if the look at comes. Maybe you have witnessed one such different watches in advance of? This look at is designed by the most effective look at makers in Physical exercise. This timpiece was first announced in 1932 and so, this watch still is building dunes in price tag and status. Don't dismay in regards to the price tag since it is probably the most affordable in relation to Patek Philippe different watches. Most of these different watches from Patek Philippe is often computerized or perhaps guidebook in relation to their action plus you will find the quarta movement types as well this is why you have the deluxe of selecting the main one you desire.
We decided to go on hiatus last fall when our guitarist David Wyatt became a dad. The plan was to start playing again after SXSW, but as anyone who’s ever tried to restart a coordinated, collective effort with no reward beyond the doing knows, inertia is a formidable foe.
Rant over. Got to get used to other people’s approach to life!
Racked: 06-08-2009
In the scheme of things, I haven’t been to many black belt retreats at all… Only 3 in total, 4 including the one that I plan on attending this year. Even so, I rarely took the time to think back to my first retreat experience in 8th grade. Now that I’ve been asked to recollect these memories, so many of them are rushing back to me. The floodgates seem to be opening. There are quite a few experiences that highlighted my first retreat…
I woke the next morning, feeling achingly sad. As you know, I’m normally a glass half full sort of person. I walked Moll through a churchyard full of the sweet spring scent of bluebells mixed with the pungent, earthy smell of wild garlic and thought how difficult it is when people you care about have to go away. Even when you know they’re coming back.
What is of particular interest to me is the reaction of the press, many of the old boys and parents to the arrest of those responsible for the brutal initiations at Parktown Boys in 2009, and the contrast to the Reitzhuis incident in 2008, as well as other incidents of initiation at Afrikaans-language schools and university residences.
The other group—consumers—wants to buy $2 waffle makers, $39 blu-ray players, and all sorts of gadgets and goodies, many of which they could easily live without. So why do the consumers get a pass? At any other time of the year, one could reasonably expect to be cited for trespassing for camping out in a tent in front of a retail establishment—private property. But when Black Friday or a Twilight premiere is involved, such “campers” risk not pepper spray, tear gas, or jabs from night sticks, but interviews by friendly local television news reporters.
Watermelon or Strawberry
The rumor is that McCain actually wanted Tiny Fey to be his running mate, but when she turned him down . . .
“Liverpool are favourites, they’ve got so many great players. But a semi-final at Wembley is a one-off, and a local derby is a one-off. It’s all on the day.”
But to put a positive spin on it, because I don't want to be "Debbie Downer", or better yet, Cynical Cyndy (it kinda works), I am REALLY excited about the new school year. Yesterday, I bought a brand-spankin' new Toyota Sienna SE which I am COMPLETELY in LOVE with. I drove around scoping out B2S prices today only because I wanted to drive my new car. My physical therapy today measured that I have regained full mobility in my flexing of my right foot, and am still working and improving on the pointing, but my NEW ankle is getting better each day. AND I truly am excited to get back to work (not just for a FULL paycheck, although I will love that) but for the distraction and the fresh start to getting life back to "normal". My oldest daughter will be starting Kindergarten at my school this year and I will be the English component of the Dual-Immersion program for 1st grade. We also just hired a new Superintendent. We have some changes ahead and I can't wait to get back to life as I remember it being.
The most puzzling poster is the one of Sarkozy kissing Frau Merkel. The couple were bosom allies the last time I checked, so why show them kissing? Could Sarko have bribed the fashion house to do it because he wanted to make his wife jealous? A new mother is often so infatuated with her baby that she neglects her husband’s needs. Maybe the poster will prompt Carla to accelerate her programme of coochie exercises so she can wrap her luscious thighs around Sarko the next time he ventures into the marital bed. If he keeps on fantasizing about getting into Frau Merkel's pants it might damage the French national interest. She doesn’t look like the sort of woman who’ll give it away for nothing.
I'll admit that a little laziness does kick in when everything is covered with snow, and I'm perfectly content to stay out of the the garden for a day or two. I certainly don't stop thinking about it, though.
According to the NER, equipment owners should register their equipment immediately. The next step is to consider your insurance coverage. Although, most business owners take the insurance offered by the leasing company, an inland marine policy may be your most cost effective avenue and the best defense against financial loss due to equipment thieves. Adding the equipment to your current business policy may also be an option so speak with your agent or contact the NSA Group with any additional questions.
I got to Norman Regional Healthplex this morning at 6:27 and was given a buzzer at registration so they could call me back, because they didn't open for another 3 minutes. They called me back, verified my information, put a bracelet on me and I waited. I got called back again shortly after and was taken back to a room and given the fizz-less orange drink. She told me I had 5 minutes to drink it...I was thirsty and I didn't have time to mess around, so it was gone in less than a minute...and it really wasn't that bad. I told Adam it tasted like a stronger version of the Hi-C Orange at McDonalds that had been mixed right. He understood that analogy...lol
Believe me... 13.1 miles is no MINI..
Then the plucky girl cut Jason’s mother’s head off. And then Jason popped out of the water. That did it. I couldn’t even scream. His skin was falling off. And he was still there. In the water. What was I going to do?
The Tables are located near 42nd Street and 6th Avenue. Paddles and balls are provided free of charge. Watch as the best of Bryant Park battle for the title of park champion in a fun single-elimination, bracket style tournament. Pre-registration is required. Please check-in with attendant when you arrive for the tournament. 6pm-9pm
“There is a finding there was some harassing conduct, but they never reached the issue of whether it was severe or pervasive, or whether a reasonable person would have been offended,” attorney John C. Provost said. “So none of those issues were really reached.”
Ooooh. I'm shakin' here.
Strengths: This is definitely an adult novel, and it is a brilliant continuation of the Holmes chronicles, embracing Doyle's style in both style and theme. Horowitz has clearly read and researched in order to do justice to this character.
If you’ve been to Charleston, South Carolina–(home to the College of Charleston)–you’ve likely heard about/seen the typical Charleston house, which has a porch alongisde the entire length of the building (on two floors). The slideshow images above were snapped on a walk I just took around the downtown area–gotta get out of the office sometimes (In one of the shots you can see that the porch has been retained for show near the front of the house while the back section has been walled in as extra interior footage). The porch is marked by a ‘false door’ or sorts, which in years gone by was left open to signal that visitors were welcome (well, that’s what they tell you on the tourist carriage tours at least).
Mark: Ok, that's better. Queen I can listen to in heaven. pause I'm pretty sure Freddy Mercury isn't there, though.
that politicians may actually may be your friends.
In the past, I've given up caffeine, alcohol, fast food, and one year I even gave up the internet (that was a hard 40 days, let me tell you!).
If you played music in Austin at any time during the mid-Nineties, you probably sat at a club or bar next to my pal Jonathan Toubin at least once. If not, maybe he made flyers for you at the old 6th Street Kinko's. He's lived in New York for more than seven years now, but he still runs into more old friends than I do whenever he's in town.
"hello, Hank!"
That’s the only quiet, secure place
Quirky shapes, ambitious designs, new materials, and new different styles have come with the modern architecture into construction today. The purpose of the building is not always seen in its design. Futuristic museums and opera houses have become a usual thing. Today we list 10 most amazing buildings in the world.
A staple of Don Draper's wardrobe is the two button wool suit in a charming business gray – lighter than the dusky charcoal typically found in many serge or gabardine wool offerings and a touch darker than the light smoke that became very popular in the 1970's and 1980's. This is an absolute must have item in order to complete the look, CK being just one avenue to pursue in finding a well-tailored equivalent.
with an armed guard.
And how the dogs can not imagine living there! “
35. Haidian, Beijing (China) is Luhan’s origin.
"Hello, ma'am," one of them says cheerily and smiles some more. They all wave. She waves back awkwardly, blushes a little, and slinks away. Suddenly things start clicking for her - she remembers that extra trash in the trash can her husband was asking her about, she recalls the muffled voices she has been hearing for the past week around noon, she thinks of the amazingly dustless patio table, and the patio furniture that hasn't quite known how exactly to position itself in the last few days.
Publisher: NSW Department of Education and Communities
A few months ago a terrible thing happened. I had mistakenly assumed I had another jar of teabags stashed in the back of a cupboard but no! No tea to be found, and my mood darkened for it was a Monday morning at 8 a.m. when the only thing that saves me from a pit of gloom is a cup of tea with my tartine. I frantically called my mother, my PG Tips back-up supply, who by coincidence had also run out of teabags that weekend. Alarm and despondency on both ends of the telephone. Whatever shall we do? Carrefour had stopped stocking them…Stonemanor might have them but it’s out in the murky depths of Vlaams Brabant, or in the desperate ribbon development of Waterloo, and we have no means of transport! Could we face the trek? I’ve never been to Stonemanor. I expect it to be a place full of grim-faced British expats queuing in an orderly fashion for their fix of 8 euro jars of Branston pickle and cans of Strongbow while whingeing about the awful Belgian weather and absurd Belgian bureaucracy. Basically a shop full of people just like me. Nightmare.
It is, I believe, customary to start any piece of travel writing by saying that 'xxx is a place of contrasts'. I would hate to go against tradition, especially when it is so appropriate, so:
When He stopped, they stopped.
The bug geeks at BugGuide are awesome. Only through their generous sharing of knowledge and expertise have I been able to identify my little visitors. They cover the United States and Canada.
Those who dwell outside of the current western framework of imbalanced yang, defined by domination and control, still know feminine wisdom, despite modern man’s furious and violent attempts at denial and annihilation of this truth. Any reading of the planets and influences of the second house (and a chart in general) must begin to come from a much broader and more inclusive conceptual framework than the set-default one currently in use, which relies on the greek and roman patriarchal conventions of story telling. As Sobonfu Some’ and others with similar intelligent integrative faculties point out, this failure has left us all telling incomplete stories and with a deep longing for the true richness of narratives we have the power and potential to cultivate in our lives, with each other.
Always use tacky glue, it doesn't matter what make, I sell these little bottles that are useful for a workbox. Squeeze a small puddle of glue onto a suitable flat surface, and always take your petal or leaf to the glue and dip.
What I do, said Sham-I-am,
That night I told my boyfriend about it. He listened sympathetically, then took me in his arms and suggested ways it could have been worse. "At least you didn't say, 'I hate black people.' At least you didn't say, 'The Holocaust was a hoax.'"
The confidential results will be part of a national study called Transit Cooperative Research Project B-40: Strategy Guide to Enable and Promote the Use of Fixed-Route Transit by People with Disabilities. The goal is to develop strategies to improve bus and train systems for people with disabilities. DREDF’s research partners are TranSystems Corporation, The Collaborative, and KFH Group.
Well........I'm getting ready right now to leave "on a jet plane" and head to Disney World....So, I'm keeping this one short and sweet. It's Sketch reveal day at Frosted Designs and we are hoping you will join us for the challenge this week!!! Here is the fabulous sketch.....and my layout to go with it.
We are very optimistic and have great expectations of what is to come.I hope this editorial is widely circulated. Western military resources are being risked and tax money being wasted to "liberate" Libya. The West has stood by, even offered encouragement, while Islamic and socialist extremists have toppled or endangered several pro-Western, or moderate regimes in the Middle East.
* Eliminates Stress.
PK: Blair Walsh, Georgia
And the beauty of this keyhole dress, showcasing several vertebrae, is that it draws the observer's focus - BANG! - right onto the hooks-and-eyes mechanism that allows a bra to carry out it's function (usually lift and separate).
6. C.P. JEEBIES (4:40)
Media: 2 CD-R
"The Lord is close to the brokenhearted
Just doing this dressing up made Zorro so happy, and I mean SO happy that he talked about it for a week several times a day. I LOVE that I didn't allow the fact that I was makeup free and hadn't showered in 2 days or even being too self conscious in general stop me from dressing up and smiling for a camera. To make my sweet boy that happy thrills me and I didn't miss our on that moment.
Then, looking at the kids, went on about how “fun” that must be.
The current postal ballot system must be reformed to ensure that all citizens of Malaysia are able to exercise their right to vote. Postal ballot should not only be open for all Malaysian citizens living abroad, but also for those within the country who cannot be physically present in their voting constituency on polling day. Police, military and civil servants too must vote normally like other voters if not on duty on polling day.
At this point I got frustrated with the movie and sighed loudly several times, which only succeeded in bringing Darwin into the room, looking to be taken for a walk. Which I did. Because the expectations of a dog who might soil your rug are never to be denied.
I also wore the blazer with black trouser jeans (left) and with gray slacks (right). I liked the contrast of the bright white with the darker color pattern, so wore a white top with it twice. Both white tops had ruffle detailing, and on the jeans pic I accessorized with a raspberry color belt.
- In Bahrain, a male doctor may legally examine a woman’s genitals but is forbidden from looking directly at them during the examination; he may only see their reflection in a mirror.
and yes, once we legally bought those books from Amazon, they became OUR personal property. And as such, we can do with them as we wish. As to Joan’s charge she never got paid for them – BALONEY! I don’t believe that for one minute.
Stage Door (US…Gregory la Cava)
Barbour: a brokered convention is
1 x 1047PKBK Sexy Bra Set = RM22.50
In terms of people you would know, Amanda Seyfried was a treat to work with on ’Jennifer’s Body’. She’s insanely talented and completely down to earth. Cuba Gooding Jr. (‘Hardwired’) was also a class act and very generous as an actor. I also got my ass kicked by Joshua Jackson in ’Fringe’…literally. We did a fight scene together and I got to do my own stunts on that one. He was a good man. Although it wasn’t really with an “actor,” getting my head blown off by a predator in ‘AVP2' was a highlight too.
About Infinitive Analytics
However, the film does have a great morbid atmosphere to it when the Cenobites show up, sort of like a darker Nightmare on Elm Street or something, and the story progresses in a rather noir-meets-occult type of fashion that reminds me of really old school Gothic horror. Doug Bradley is a great actor as Pinhead, and whenever he’s on screen the movie is suddenly really awesome.
This weekend I made my debut at the races.....
Our charter:
Maggie and my stepdaughter, Holly, are both vegetarian so went for a Macsween’s Vegetarian Haggis.
I tend to notice beauty. It's what stands out for me wherever I go, or in whatever I am doing. It's important to me, and it pleases me. I think photography helps with that, for I see pictures everywhere,
I will cover topics ranging from fitness competitions, to training at home, to nutrition and more. I encourage you to please share your comments, questions and topic suggestions.
362And image charms he must behold no more;
So, last night, I did something fun.
In ancient times, the birthright was a very important and sacred thing. It belonged to the firstborn. He would also receive a chief portion of the inheritance. But it was more than just a title to the physical assets of a family. It was also a spiritual position, and in the case of the people of God, God would lead the family through patriarchs, or fathers (Hebrews 1:1-2). Additionally, in the special case of Esau and Jacob, that meant the one to whom belonged the birthright was the one through who the covenant promise made to their grandfather, Abraham, would be realized. Ultimately, the Messiah would come through the holder of the birthright and bless the nations of the earth…BUT ESAU GAVE THIS UP FOR STEW!
Brewery Beer
BLAME
**Sew into place above pocket, sew buttons to pocket.
in warm months when the pines on the hill
*Restrictions: US ONLY!!!!
Steve: "Hello"
The integrity of the BBC seems to have been threatened by the doctoring of its reports by Malaysia’s satellite broadcaster Astro!
I found out yesterday that you'll be discontinuing the chemotherapy you'd been undergoing for your lung cancer and I realized it was time to write a letter. Past due time.
They say there’s lies, danged lies, and statistics. I generally agree, but 26 meth labs in one year is a problem.
Barack Obama, a recipient of Affirmative Action, educated in the Elite schools, politically-connected, who made his previous livings either sucking off the teat of the taxpayer or being paid to do work of no real economic value or benefit to others (Harvard Law Review), and paid for by the fruits of Capitalism, is doing irreparable harm to America. Obama is not a Socialist as we would generally understand the term. It’s much more insidious than that.
Randy Kay, a Hamilton peace, cycling and transportation activist who earned a Vision 2020 Sustainable Community Recognition Award two years ago, said the coalition sees Wescam as part of the "military-industrial complex right here in beautiful Burlington."
the time and effort that went into writing each and every post
Mayor Calvo sued the County, and the parties have reached a settlement on the eve of trial. The terms of settlement are confidential, but — kudos to the Mayor — the settlement included two provisions. First, Prince George’s County law enforcement must change how and when they use SWAT teams. Second, they must focus on more humane treatment of companion animals.
Tickets are $20 each and can be obtained through Lamarconstruction.com or at the many showings of this bike across the state of Michigan this year.
* Wolfie is much more active and seems a lot more confident than the last time I saw them. His vocals have improved as well.
Below, I have but a before and after photo of my skin care basket that sits on my Bathroom counter to show you how far I have been so far.
Baked asparagus wrapped in parma ham
Sun, 11:15pm: Why did this happen to me? Why am I living 3600 miles from home?? Why am I alone?? Wtf am I doing?
1) I got all of my questions answered about the annotated works cited project. I feel as if it will be do-able, if not necessarily easy-peasy.
Just thought I would post some pics of the first section of my patchwork quilt, as I managed to get the whole top portion of it finished last night. Sorry if the pics are a bit crummy, the light isn't very good in the bedroom - I'll try and take some better ones at the weekend.
George and I behaved like proper tourists and got a 2 day bus pass for the Red and Blue City busses that took us to different places. It is a hop on, hop off set up and the bus is never late, and it doesn’t wait for you. It is the most efficient system I have ever seen and so well co-ordinated. the red bus takes you through the city, the blue bus on the outskirts. It was so awesome. Check out for the information on the busses: http://www.citysightseeing.co.za/
But does anybody seriously believe for one minute that Bain would be nearly as successful as it has been under a sound economy with a bare minimum of regulatory interference, no more than necessary. Let's get real here. Our regulatory system has created an atmosphere that is conducive to business failure as it contributes in large to the sluggishness of our economy. I won't venture to say what percentage of business failures are directly attributable to our oppressive regulatory regimes, but I do know that it has to be significant. Common sense tells you that.
Troy Thurman
My sewing suffered as I did a ton of knitting for the issues...but my sewing is now in focus for a bit ...i have joined a couple of bees, and a couple of swaps, and found a group of ladies who understand my wit, and creative mojo. (you know who you are!)
Today's post is to welcome other colors and boost up any dish with health benefits. My newest favorite addition to our dishes is the pepper. I have been buying a bag of what they call small sweet peppers. The colors are just great. My decorating genes are delighted to add more color to our meals. Of course, spring will bring us even more color for our consumption...berries, watermelon, peaches...oh my!
Number of Pages: 262
Jaglom came to Hollywood from New York as a playwright and actor. He became involved in Lee Strasberg's Actor's Studio alongside, Jack Nicholson, Bruce Dern, Diane Ladd, and Peter Fonda. As an actor, Jaglom was contracted at Columbia Studios, and landed acting roles on television shows like, THE FLYING NUN and GIDGET. As the 70's approached, Jaglom worked on several projects in front and behind the camera, including working as an editor on Dennis Hopper's seminal culture blast, EASY RIDER(1969), and acting in such films as Hopper's, THE LAST MOVIE (1970), and the Roger Corman produced, PSYCH-OUT (1968). In 1971, Jaglom made his first film, A SAFE PLACE, with Orson Welles as actor. They maintained a legendary friendship until Welles death in 1985.
While Pevear and Volokhonsky render this as: “In response to the devastation produced by the death in this company slowly walking behind him, he wanted, as irresistibly as water whirling in a funnel rushes into the deep, to dream and think, to toil over forms, to bring forth beauty.”
That's really something.
After inking up the flower image & coloring it using my Copic markers, I cut it out using a Spellbinders Large Classic Oval die & set aside. To make the layer with the border image, I repeated the previous steps minus the use of Copic markers. The JustRite Breath of Spring Borders & Centers contains 4 different floral images & 4 decorative borders that can all be easily mixed & matched allowing for endless ways to use each stamp!
So momentous is this, Wikio has even started calling it the 'beer and wine' listing rather than 'wine and beer'.
She also cooks and has published a cookbook. I bought the cookbook a while back and have made several dishes from it. I have also made several dishes from her website. My hubby has loved each dish of hers I have made. It's simple down-home comfort food, the kind hard working cowboys eat. I am not married to a cowboy, but to a hard working southern boy who appreciates a good home-cooked meal. Ree's recipes come through every time. I post the recipes of hers that I make to Foodie Fans of the Pioneer Woman, a blog that loves Ree and her cooking.
Brun Rose was a complete surprise for me. It looks more brown-rose in the pan but swatches as a coral- pink as shown. It is very pigmented on my arm but is quite soft and subtle on the cheeks. When applied with a Chanel blush brush, I get a soft peachy glow. Brun Rose combined with Lumiere Sculptee de Chanel Highlighter is a killer combination.
Here are the sketches for the mask that I have done so far. I used some pictures on the web as a reference (because I am not awesome at drawing)
But for the time being, get use to the lumping of ‘failed policies’ mantra.
Like, the coming attractions, like any future…
Here's a photograph to gladden the heart of any traditional Catholic and to give The Tablet's Bobbie Mickens a fit of the vapours. The prelate wearing that magnificent mitre is a bishop of England and Wales, believe it or not, presiding at a solemn Latin Mass to mark the re-opening of a parish where the worship will be in the Extraordinary Form. More than a thousand people attended.
4 Tb rice flour (you can use regular flour) and water until you reach a pipeable consistency.
Bland was born and raised in Rosemark, a small town just outside Memphis. In 1947 he moved to the city with his mother and began his career, first as a singer in the gospel group the Miniatures, then in the loosely knit blues group the Beale Streeters, which included such future blues stars as Johnny Ace, B.B. King, Junior Parker, and Rosco Gordon .
“Um, yeah.”
This isn’t even yet about the BDSM, all this is just basic craftsmanship of a writer.
Then, after a balmy 60 degree week of weather, we have a freak snowstorm, which brings 12 inches of heavy, sloppy snow. (This October storm was definitely a record-breaker for the state of Connecticut since we usually don't see snow until late November or December.)
This ranks right up there with going to the store in your jammies, walking around in your bunny slippers, women going "commando" and unfortunate public displays of Spandex.
The quote of “Art imitates Life” is so true. How often have we seen expression of self through some crazy concepts or even more crazier lyrics? I.e. “‘Til the sweat drips from my balls..” – Ying Yang Twins - This gets girls dancing like strippers and skinny white ginger kids to think they are Dr Dre. It is awesome (At least the dancing girls)
What a bloody mission.
Scousers, unlike the rest of the UK do not stick their arses up in the air for the government or any other establishment mefs we stand and fight our corner. This emasculates the general population of UK into realising they are fortune’s bitches because they would sooner take it up the wrong-un than stand and fight. Jealous? I think so.
Tanstaafl, Criticism I can take; a proposal to relocate me at gunpoint to Israel goes well beyond criticism.
You can barely move in the summer months nowadays for the sheer volume of music festival coverage on TV - some good, some bad, but most indifferent. But the televisual festival landscape was a very different place back in the mid-80s, oh yes. Unless there was a special one-off event such as Live Aid in 1985 or, umm, that Free Nelson Mandela thingy a few years later, you'd be left with the BBC's annual (highlights-only) coverage of the Montreux Pop Festival from Switzerland in May.The line-ups were generally frighteningly mainstream but as I was going through my prime mainstream pop years at the time, that was perfectly fine with me.
An hour passed with Peter sipping drinks and going over the options in his mind for his next great adventure when the door facing Bourbon Street opened and a beautiful black woman entered. Peter was stunned at the beauty of the unknown woman who while wearing just a business suit carried herself like a queen entering a room full of commoners.
No one person is like you in every way! If I were involved with a guy who was exactly the same as me, I'd probably get bored really fast! So why would I expect someone else to act, be and approach the world in the same way as me? I don't. Yet, in relationships with a partner, we often do expect the other person to react the same as we would!
10. To The Unknown Man - Vangelis / 9:07
Beth is that mom that her partner and son are very, very lucky to have.
Church officials did not cite a specific example of those public statements, but said the reform would include a review of ties between the Leadership Conference and NETWORK, a Catholic social justice lobby. NETWORK played a key role in supporting the Obama administration‘s health care overhaul despite the bishops’ objections that the bill would provide government funding for abortion. The Leadership Conference disagreed with the bishops’ analysis of the law and also supported President Barack Obama’s plan.
This film also provides a first hand look at a bona fide Bigfoot conference in Honobia, Oklahoma. In addition, we get a glimpse at a possible sasquatch hair sample, and are shown a considerable amount of evidence from other amateur researchers.
I met Mark at a brewery on St. Patty’s Day. I wasn’t really looking for a guy at this point, but I wasn’t not looking. Anyway, this brewery is not really a place to meet people, but it was a good place to go watch the game and drink green chile beer with my girlfriends. By the way, if you haven’t had green chile beer, you need to try it. It is delicious.
pepper
I colored her hair with Y21, Skirt with R83, and her shirt with BV13. I lost some of the shadows when I colored the shirt with BV13, so I went back with my gray and darkened those areas again.
in the right spot.
3” square of slab bacon, diced into tiny cubes (about 8 slices if using pre-sliced)
7 Pounds Pork Rib
And then I got to thinking.... have I ever written down everywhere I worked, other than in a resume? I don't think I have....... So just for the journaling sake of this blog- I thought I'd give it a whirl. And who knows, maybe someone out there in blog land will think I'm cool too. ;D (one can only hope).
Here is some inspiration from the talented Creative Card Crew.
The act of lying and its consequences are inevitable. It will catch up with you if you don’t make amends now. Lying equals not trusting and loving yourself enough, to tell the truth.
That only worked for so long until I was approached by someone asking me to specifically design suites of wedding stationery for a new online venture in which they wanted me to be a featured designer. Talk about a good swift kick in the butt. It was time for me to get over the hurdle that I'd been avoiding.
Other Shells: 3rd – soft suede, 2nd - soft suede (1 x stamp off), and 1st – crumb cake (1 x stamp off)
QYOVB Blog (qyovbblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
This dresser has been around for quite awhile. It was actually purchased by my mom who intended on refinishing it herself about ten years ago. It has been sitting in her garage ever since. I recently purchased a new house and asked my mom if it would be okay to use this piece as my first project--I knew it would look great in my daughter's room. It had really nice detail and I wanted to give her a piece of furniture with a story behind it.
that they managed to slow down for 5 seconds so I could snap a photo.
How was Art Deco style used to create a modern “look” in the 1920s and 30s? Explain some of the characteristic design elements of Art Deco.
Pissed on my dreams of you and me
I do sincerely apologize that your server on Saturday did not communicate clearly with you how the Eat The Whole Menu should have been applied to your party. That mistake ruined what should have been a fun and enjoyable evening for you. I appreciate your feedback on this and it will be used constuctively. I assure you that I will address how this particular issue gets handled in the future so that our efforts to accomodate our guest will end up pleasing them. I know that we probably won't be seeing you again at The Bent Brick but your feedback will be used to improve our service in the future. I hope that you will put this response, unedited, on your blog. I will put this exchange on the Bent Brick blog so that our followers can see how we are trying to improve their experience night in and night out.
I know - the title of this blog is definitely not politically correct - I almost put a disclaimer on here that said if you are Sharla Miller please do not read this!! (because of Sharla - a skin cancer survivor - I vowed never to go to a tanning bed again!) however - I didn't promise to stay out of the sun.... sorry Sharla!!!
I invite you to visit Paul Corrie’s website at:
BUCHHOLZ U, HAAS W, KRAMER M. Influenza-Impfung bei medizinischem Personal: Überraschende Defizite in deutschen Krankenhäusern Influenza vaccination in health-care workers: surprising deficits in German hospitals. Deutsches Ärzteblatt 2002; 99: A2460-A2461.
This one is the Aerial Lift Bridge and Ship Canal Entrance to Duluth Superior Harbor.
But this is not because our media are sleepy. It is because the Metropolitan Police apparently tried to suppress an important story. So long as Mr Gorbuntsov did not die, and his would-be assassin was never apprehended and brought to justice, they would have had no obligation to come clean.
The Phoenix is a legendary mythical bird that appears in one form or another in the lore of multiple ancient cultures such as in Egyptian, Chinese, Persian, Greek, Roman and Phoenician tales to name a few. The phoenix at the end of one life cycle builds a nest that bursts into flame, consuming both the bird and nest in fire and reducing them to ashes. From these ashes a young phoenix or egg emerges, renewed and reborn to live once again. Considered benevolent, sacred, and magical, it was often depicted as a beautiful and powerful bird, a fire spirit, a free spirited being who was an allegorical or symbolic embodiment of the concepts of beauty, virtue, triumph over adversity, resurrection, rebirth, immortality and renewal. The word ‘Phoenix’ is derived from the Greek word for ‘red’, which also associates it with the Sun.
Grease tin or ramekin with melted butter. Break eggs into a bowl and beat well. Add milk, flour and salt, and beat until just blended. Fill the tins 3/4 full with the batter and bake for 30 minutes without opening oven door. Serve hot with butter, jam, syrup or honey.
1)Smoke black
31. Name something you have to do tomorrow: Bootcamp!
Heck ya! Runners are sexy.
I know this may come across as paranoia, but it’s merely a shift in awareness from merely myself, to how I fit in as myself with other people.
This was what she'd been training for her whole life. Up at 5 AM, then school, then more training. Never like the other kids, always working twice as hard, no time for video games or television. But she'd wanted it, wanted it like when you find something elemental in your being and know it belongs to you to shape and mold and let flourish. She was meant to be an Olympian. So what if this whole thing was a little, well, unusual? She trusted her father - trusted him completely. If he said this place was safe, then it was. And of course they would follow the rules.
He finally overcame me and beat on my windows, cracking them. I drove faster and faster, but it didn’t help. I helplessly watched him shatter the windshield and my vision was distorted from the broken glass. The he did something I didn’t count on: he took his scythe and chopped my right front tire.
I am not jumping into any conclusions,
Oh, and another interesting point about Costa Rica…NO ADDRESSES. What I mean by this is that the local Walmart is not located at 534 Silada Street; rather its address is referred to as its distance relative to the closest noticeable landmark (ex. 100 meters east of San Pedro gas station and two houses to the left). This is the address that is written on the mailing addresses if for example you wanted to write a letter to Walmart…weird huh? So why am I telling you this? Well, basically last night we had quite a bit of trouble trying to find my sister’s house, since the taxi didn’t know where it was and well…neither did she. I’ll leave that story for another time -_-
I am a fourth year law student with a keen interest in the issue, and even I don't understand the current law. This severely hampers my ability to set up a business venture that might involve publication of potentially infringing content on the internet (not that I have any such plans at the moment!). But if not for any other reason, let's at least clarify the law for the promising Indian start ups that want to create such products and services.
I don’t usually like narrators who provide commentary — I figure, give us the story, and let us make up our own minds. In the case of Dead Kid, however, the narrator’s personality is as much a character as October and the dead kids, and I love his snappy asides and geeky references. From page 6: “But even if her classmates didn’t know, October was sure they could smell the tween on her — the stench of Sour Keys and Saturday morning cartoons.” Not sure if it was the phrase “smell the tween on her” or the stench of Saturday morning cartoons, but with that line, I was hooked.
Awww the little girl is cute with her diamond hairband.
Now don't you feel better already just reading this? I know I do. Treat yourself, your significant other and even your children to this soothing treatment. At these prices you can have a facial monthly!
Hofbrau Weiss
i thought he just didn't understand. the thing is, he didn't even want to try and understand. and i was too lost in it to try and explain to him what was going on.
Now, you can stock up on digital formats for computerized systems with prices
Bonneville Salt Flats. This is area is the remnant of the Pleistocene Lake Bonneville. It is known for land speed records, and it is also where portions of the Pirates of the Caribbean was shot. This is a great place to visit.
Whichever way we face these new challenges, I believe we need community. Whether that means a loyal and monogamous relationship with a publisher, or a team of fellow authors setting out on an e-publishing (or blogging!) venture together - or any number of other possibilities - my point is that, as we travel from one era of publishing to the next, we need each other.
as the only de<U+FB01>nition for ‘fucked’
Elvis Costello
She: Do you love me?
It has been suggested that toxic overload contributes to more serious conditions such as auto- immune diseases, inflammatory/rheumatoid arthritis and neurological disorders such as Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s. The goal of this program is to gently and slowly cleanse your body of toxins that add an extra burden so serious diseases like these can be avoided. This
I tried several times to get to the exhibit. Minnesota January weather wasn't very cooperative. Unbelievably cold, snow, wind, more snow, more wind. But Mom (my ever-adventurous travel companion) and I finally found a weekend to head north to St. Paul and take in the splendor.
3: The Malcontent:(Name something you're unhappy with).
I said bye.
Lacy expects hybrids and electrics to make up about 4% of U.S. sales this year, although sales could drop if gas prices fall or if buyers get more accustomed to higher prices.
But all this heart can do is break
The meh
In case anyone was wondering, yes, I will be at New York Comic Con this weekend. Mostly hanging out at the Top Shelf table, signing copies of the not-really-a-'new-release-anymore-but-still-worth-your-time Liar's Kiss and just generally being personable. Stop by, say hi!
Please I must amend
I made lots of silly “hang in there” cards
2 tablespoons grated lemon zest
3/4 cup of Butter Scotch Chips
a teenager, a five year old child, a man or a woman, a boy or a girl
One of the best promotional tools any author can use is a personal blog. If you don't have a blog already, set one up. You can use the blog to promote your work, as well as any upcoming work. Link to your sales pages on Amazon from your blog. The higher your blog ranks, the more traffic you will get, and the more referrals are possible for your sales page. You can also write blog posts for Amazon's blog, then link to your book in the signature line. Amazon also has a section of how-to articles on its site. Write an article that is related to the content of your book, then link to it in your signature line.
“AAM on Starseeds, Service and Enlightenment,” April 26, 2012, at http://the2012scenario.com/2012/04/aam-on-starseeds-service-and-enlightenment/ . In this article, I post the audiotape of the portion of my April 25 reading in which AAM discusses the transition we can expect.
“The viability of a two-state solution must be maintained,” the three-page European Union statement added.
Hope to see you on the interwebs!!
2 cans diced green chiles
With so many of the old gang back to celebrate Piggy Week, we here at Infomaniac decided to publish photos of all the bitches who most often frequented Taz and Pig’s blog … in case your booze-sozzled minds have forgotten what each other look like.
that nothing you can say will ever
Own your truth and your state of grace, right here and right now! (But know that you will be tested by your universe.)
fans The Max Levine Ensemble
Another jacked-up part of this project is that the land to be used is owned by the same MTA that operates the subway and even now is crying poverty to raise the transit fares. Well the land itself was valued at $215 million and yet they allowed Ratner to buy it for only $50 which he hasn't paid after six years.
You look cute when Kairi acting like your girlfriend
Sex appeal: High. Look at that publicity shot and tell me different.
I think it is fairly well known that I do not like JMPD. After this December, I dislike them to the extent that I refuse to acknowledge their legal ability to enforce the traffic laws. No one seems to get why. Well, lets take a canter through some of the achievements of JMPD, their big boss Sbu Ndebele and the SA traffic system as a whole.
Just remember, the likes of Rhonda Rousy, Aaron Riley, John Fitch and a host of other fighters started in the amateur ranks. If talent like that got their start in amateur competition, shouldn’t we show some respect to the organizations that helped build them?
The statement then skips to when the detainee was discovered.
18"18" Rives BFK, molding paste, stencil, collograph, water based inks, acrylic, oil pastel and collage.
Time to remove the cake from the pan. I was worried about this step because the pan-preparation directions had nothing about spraying the parchment paper or the sides of the pan. I'd been fretting about that ever since I noticed. I considered just spraying the pan, but then I remembered my baking mantra: "Rose has her reasons."
I am honored and excited to be one of the inaugural speakers for a new event series: Brooklyn Dirt - Monthly Talks on Urban Garden and Farming. The topic of this first event is, appropriately, Dirt, aka Soil. If you have questions about soil, or dirt, let me know and Jay and I will try to cover the topic in our talk.
Good luck to us all! ;-)
Made in peace,
13. Pour the mixture over the filling. Put the flan into the oven for about 30 minutes or until the top has set and is golden.
Amanda:"No I'm not! I followed your guide. It accept to be wrong."
I'm considering giving up joy pockets for good, we don't have that many participants really. I will likely do something related, but over at my personal blog, or extend senses shared.....
As a company that was established long before the advent of the digital watch, Hamilton prefers mechanical or automatic movements. These timepieces are powered by the natural movement of the wearer's arm. They need not be wound to keep good time. Because they are powered by cogs and gears instead of batteries, they also last a lot longer. Most of the timepieces that are passed from generation to generation are mechanical.
This places the books target audience, somewhere between the complete novice and those already of a more technical mindset.
I was checking the french web to update JB's press kit, and I found that French Glamour wrote a short text about him and his music last November ! LAST NOVEMBER !
Position a rack in the center of the oven and heat the oven to 375°F.
And so she shall…
Please download the handout of the presentation in PDF format. If you would like the full-page PDF of the slide show presentation, you can also download it s from the event site.
Considering autumn is my favorite season, I really didn't dive into fall decorating this year.
That way, while you're doing that I'll try to figure out how to start taking donations and reservations for the 2012 Conference. Let's start making those travel plans! I can't wait to meet all of you!
In 1921 she started working with Fields, who sang harmony, played the piano, and did the comedy chores. The pair was married the following year. As a team Blossom Seeley and Benny Fields headlined in Big Time vaudeville throughout the twenties and into the early thirties. George Gershwin wrote a 25 minute jazz opera called “Blue Monday” for them to sing in the 1922 George White’s Scandals. The number was pulled for being too highbrow and debuted with the new title “125th Street” at Carnegie Hall in 1925.
I rewind to every moment I have been put in that awkward, uncomfortable situation in which my race is a punchline.
Enter: Jesus…
June 2006 so does Alabama
Produce C-G to H such that C-G =G-H Produce B-C to D such that C-D =2”
my cricut
Being new to Bombay, I was carrying a letter of introduction to Mr. K M Munshi, a man of erudition, who had embellished public life in so many ways. He had also earned a niche for himself as the founder of Bharati Vidya Bhawan, a trend-setter in the academic world. Too reticent to open up at one go, it took several meetings to find him as a warm, affectionate and effusive person.
Congratulations also go to the seventeen writers given Honorary Mentions.
And then something happened. Actually, a conversation happened. I ranted to my friends about how difficult it was, how I had daily discussions about our food, and about just how sick of it I was. I was given a simple piece of advice. Give them more control in the matter.
I would suggest, instead, that Interpretatio-style syncretisms are more like translational realities rather than equational realities. Some might wonder what the difference is, and if it is simply a matter of semantics. But, let me give you an example from the modern world instead to show the difference. If I were to say that “Luke Skywalker is the Wesley Crusher of the Star Wars universe,” first of all, you’d probably be terrified and horrified at such a comparison, depending on whether you liked Star Wars or Star Trek better! But, if one steps back for a moment, one can see that some analogizing is going on here, but not necessarily equating. Yes, use of “is” makes it a metaphor rather than an analogy, but recall that metaphor is simply the Greek exact equivalent of the Latin term translatio, which is to say, “carrying across.” It is a manner of creating common meaning between things, but not necessarily making something completely into something else. No matter how much I say “I’m a bulldozer” in a certain situation, that does not turn me into a bulldozer. Likewise, saying that “Luke Skywalker is the Wesley Crusher of the Star Wars universe” does not make Luke into Wesley, does not suddenly mean that Dr. Crusher is his mother (and therefore is Padme Amidala), or that therefore Darth Vader or Obi-Wan Kenobi is Captain Jean-Luc Picard. It simply states that there is an analogy, and one can understand the role of the other if one is not familiar with it by this other typologically similar image. This makes of such syncretisms through Interpretatio not “soft polytheism,” as many accuse syncretism in general of being, but instead a kind of typology, early structuralism, or even archetypalism–but with the important difference of stating that these things are different, but they have certain similarities. This more metaphorical, more nuanced understanding of Interpretatio syncretisms, and of syncretism in general, is one that can be potentially very productive for modern polytheists, and can also be useful in understanding how the various ancient European peoples analogized their deities and yet still could have seen them in ways that preserved the integrity and distinctiveness of each figure. (Some didn’t, of course–Julius Caesar’s example cited above, for example; but, the on-the-ground altar inscriptions often did do this in a more thorough and attentive manner.)
Veep isn’t a bad show. Not by any stretch. There is a lot to like about it. But I was kind of stunned when the end of the show came and I wasn’t bowled over. As I’ve written before, comedy pilots are especially difficult to do well and Veep may have suffered the burden of my too high expectations. I was so excited about the show that it was going to be difficult for it to live up the hype. I usually try to temper my anticipation, but this show seemed to be so in my wheelhouse that I failed to do that this time.
No Shortcuts is performed as an incantation, complete with heartbeat percussion. The journey it describes seems at first to be a physical one, but it soon becomes apparent that it is a metaphor, that the journey is also emotional and spiritual. The song could serve as an overture for this post, since many journeys are taken here. Heather Maloney is telling us, in her impassioned voice, that we can not simply break through boundaries, that there must be a newly created structure to replace them. Freedom is the ability to define that structure for yourself. Maloney is not limited in the way that some songwriters and artists are. Her voice can convey gravity in a mid-alto range, but she can also soar into a high soprano for bursts of exuberance or flights of fancy. Her album, Time & Pocket Change, does not fit neatly into any musical genre, but it is a coherent document, held together by the strength of her personality. Maloney looks at life from a slightly odd angle, and in doing so, helps us see.
The Artist's Way by Julia Cameron
our beers are not available out of state yet. I then
Hi again after a long time
Carol Ann Duffy
You should NOT begin the gluten-free diet before you are diagnosed. Starting the diet will affect testing for the disease.
Over $600 dollars of snack foods and apples were graciously donated.
want to run a nationally recognized micro indie press. like head honcho big mamma jamma.
his eyes were glued on my maroon toe nail polish, and not on the place where my cleavage used to live........
8:25am – A Mystery Woman materialized from a back room (where she was probably listening to my message and snickering) and the two immediately got busy addressing their first priority of the day: discussing the bracelet and flowers Harried Woman received for Valentine’s Day. At this point, my Amiable Amiable self morphed into Testy Testy, with whom one does not mess around with by wasting her time and of whom Amiable Amiable has no control.
Afire.
I've been working on my photography skills. I've had this fancy- smancy camera for a few years now, and have never used it up to it's full potential. This year, I've made it my mission to get learn all that it has to offer. This week I have been playing with my "focal" settings.
I know... I was only encouraging future Alarm Kitty onslaughts.
Flower cut from fabric with Tim Holtz...Tattered Florals Die
After I spent unstinting period of time on the upper level of the cliff side’s Meditation Chapel, I felt an indescribable calm as I came down with uplifted spirits from my quiet and peaceful commune with my Lord and Master.
P.S. In a fit of teenage rebellion, my creativity has taken my money and run like Abigail in The Crucible. Which means…I need ideas for blog posts! Feel free to comment with any book related (or nerd/geek related) topic you want to hear my thoughts on. My creativity did leave me with a few things, but I have a sneaking suspicion they’re all the old, boring topics no one wants to hear about.
4) Rim your glasses in sugar or salt. Add crushed ice or ice cubes.
“We found that 97 per cent of imams, or leaders, were from overseas and 92 per cent were educated abroad, mostly in Pakistan or Bangladesh. Almost all mosques are controlled by first-generation immigrant men, leaving most British Muslims - women and young people - out of the management structure.”
stamped some flower fines, pierced and layered them... made borders using Martha Steward paper punch...
and threaten from the corners where they hide.
After more than 50 posts here on the subject of the Ohio Smoking ban, I’ve run out of ways to continue saying the same thing over and over again, and make it any clearer. The petition language circulated among the electorate to get the Ohio Smoking Ban on the ballot was improperly certified as both "fair and truthful", when it was clearly neither of these things.
11. close baggie, use bone folder to squish all the colors together, do for several seconds until desired effect is achieved.
Yes the goodbye door as always is winning
From here on out, the chapters get a little long, so we’ll break them into smaller pieces.
Please check the customer reviews & ratings of Panasonic Lumix DMC-TS3 DMC-TS3D 12.1 MP Rugged/Waterproof Digital Camera (Orange) BigVALUEInc Accessory Saver 16GB HD Bundle from the merchant’s website by click on the link below.
Blogging is time consuming and there is not a lot of extra time here.
* * * Somebody said being a mother is boring .... somebody never rode in a
Bells Two Hearted Ale
2) Henry James' novel Washington Square is a perfect book. Possibly that perfection is only possible because it's so short, but still. Perfect.
little and often,
Today's Foodie's Night In program, co-hosted by The Savvy Host and Cooking with Caitlin, was dedicated to pasta. "Pasta Perfetto" covered Italian noodles from homemade recipes, to favorite sauces, to wine pairing,...ending with pasta DESSERTS!
We'll be back there soon.
But the company is also expanding its reach in the United States. It now flies from Dubai to six American airports, including Dallas/Fort Worth and Seattle, both added this year. It plans to add Washington flights in September.
Okay, fine, but those scenes in the fairytale world? They’ve already happened. They’re ancient history. And it’s very hard to get excited about what a character did years ago, however much it may inform and shape their present, when we’d rather be seeing what they’re doing here and now. Especially when the here and now is as fascinating as “a bunch of people live in ignorance of their true natures” or ”plane crash survivors struggle to survive on a mysterious island”.
The former couple married in 2003 on Rodman’s 42nd birthday, settling in Newport beach, California.
chemisette – basically a white lawn dickey with a high collar
Alright, alright - she's being played by a completely different woman (Lilyan Chauvin from the original, Jean Miller here), and in the three years time from movie to movie the orphanage has been closed, she has to get around in a wheelchair, she's had a stroke of some sort and lots of scarred, nasty Phantom Of the Opera-ish makeup on her face but yeah: the same character. Myself, I wouldn't think that one person could change so much in three years. I understand that the dynamic is that there had to be enough time for the pre-teen Ricky from before to age into the late-teen Ricky we have here, but Mom Superior...wow. This is like she has some sort of bad run-in with a Salvation Army truck.
Then I opened the second one and read, "You will inherit a large sum of money."
No country more supreme
Reed, famous for its insularity, perhaps wants to become more open and engaged in Oregon. Or perhaps the same qualities that made him a successful candidate for Attorney General were evident in the interview process - he knows how to talk a good game and get folks to open their wallets. I, personally, hope it is at least some of the former. I think Reed has lost some of its luster partly because of its stubborn unwillingness to evolve. Perhaps that is still a strength, but I think less and less so in the 21st century.
In many ways, it was like the time I first went to demonstrate, at two in the morning, against Cruise Missile convoys coming back into Greenham Common. There was the reality of the Cold War, visible and suddenly undeniable. And also the reality of the war itself, which was the precursor to my young life, and which had carved its traces into my mother and my grandparents (and into my father, but it took longer for that to come home to me). It was a growing-up, a removal of the security blanket.
While many members of the Occupation would be happy to remain, if disciplinary action was sought by the University, our group would be severely hampered in taking further action in the future.
I'm sure those of you who are regular bloggers will have come up against the new style Word Verification, which frankly is an absolute pain to read, often requiring several attempts to get the correct letters and you will know it means it takes much longer to get round your favourite blogs.
The road winding above among the mountains
Rachel is keeping up with all the fun vacations and training for her half marathon in between.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli is available again after serving a three-match ban for his sending off at Arsenal earlier this month but it remains to be seen whether he will be recalled given the form of Sergio Aguero and Carlos Tevez.
Anyway, there you have it. INCEPTION is a movie that I will own, that I will watch many times. I plan to see it in the theater again. I really, really loved it, and I hope everyone will go see it.
And probably should.
Flying Dog Doggie Style Frederick, Maryland, American Pale Ale, 5.5% abv
Green Salad
Price: $4.49
He was angry with the council.
options I fished out my
Oh and it's Valentine's Day. Have some Valentine's Day related art I shamelessly stolen online. :D
"I first noticed the constant whine of helicopters at about 4 pm today. Checking the news I learned that the Occupy Oakland camp in downtown Oakland had been cleared by police in the middle of the night, and a series of afternoon protests had been called in the nearby area. With plans in place to go downtown later that night, I searched the internet with a mix of curiosity and anxiety for news of what was happening. A flurry of twitter messages at the www.occupyoakland.org site detailed a few non-violent marches snaking throughout the downtown area, all headed for the disputed encampment that had become known in recent weeks as "Oscar Grant Park". An Oakland teacher's brigade led the march (see photo.) As phrases like "unlawful assembly" "tear gas" and "bring gas masks" began popping up in OWS feeds, I knew I had to head downtown - camera in hand - to see for myself. (more photos after the jump)
TO MAKE FLAVORED MILK SYRUP-
2 shoulder
Did you know Christians were at war with drugs? They viewed God as the idol, not drugs, while drug addicts eventually view drugs as the idol. Or is it alcohol? Or tobacco? Do your eyes light up when you see all the options? Does that mean it has become your “idol”?
Oh, dear me!!
If you weren't going to go because you're only a beginner and don't think you're good enough, a lot of people are feeling that way and that's why we're going to be teaching - we want beginners there so we can teach them stuff.
This man has been disgusted by me, burned by me, confused by me, fed-up with me, annoyed by me and so enraged by me.
We get our ads from Google's Adsense program.* Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons, which will send these advertisers information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. We are told that this is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
That doesn’t mean that our apartment is always clean. It’s clean a lot, but it’s also not clean a lot. And it doesn’t mean I have always been a clean person either. There is an embarrassing story about peanut butter on one of my textbooks my freshman year of college that makes me cringe now. But it makes me feel so much better to have everything clean and somewhat organized.
Rajma is usually enjoyed with plain rice or even with rotis (Indian Bread)
You can also see some of the fun I was having with Paint Shop Pro with the picture for this post, the closest I come to sweats by the way. Take that Juicy Couture! Click on the picture if you want more details on it. The background picure was actually taken by my daddy, so that's why it's so much nicer looking than any of mine.
Sometimes, that lesson is more important than any content contained within the covers of a textbook.
Buncheong ceramics emerged as a distinct Korean art form in the 15th and 16th centuries. Colors range from cream to titanium white, some with decorative elements in black. The work is elegantly simple but with a homey, spontaneous quality that adds to its appeal. There are numerous shapes on view - bottles and bowls in all shapes and sizes. Some of the decoration is whimsical and one - of a dog squatting to do his business - slyly funny. Other pieces have carved or incised images of flowers, fish, birds, trees and other natural motifs.
Abita Beer (Amber):
Mix together cake mix, pudding mix, eggs and oil and water in a large bowl.
Love, hugs, smiles and happiness to you Betty….all the things that you bring the world.
For our family the busyness of homeschooling is seasonal. There are periods throughout the year that we have a heavier load outside of the home.
Katie was the winner of our recent "Things with wings" challenge and was invited to join us this week. She used "Leah" to make her stunning card. We are very happy to have her playing along with us! Thanks Katie!
On Saturday whilst I should have been catching up with my beauty sleep I was hot footing it to Borough to tout my wares at Sainsbury's Great British Beer Hunt. I don't know many brewers entered the competition but only eight or nine companies turned up at the promotional event. I was a little apprehensive as I'd heard there were going to be 200 punters for the tasting and I was expecting something like when the wrong door gets opened in a zombie film and a shambling mob lurches in.
So you will see a new Blinkie added to my page and I want you all to mark this date because this is one event that you are not going to want to miss HE! HE! I know I can't wait for it :) So lets get on with my creation to share with you all today, I must say that with the passing of my friend this week it has given me a reality check with how much I really keep in touch with them all, so I have been making cards to send out to friends and family that I don't get to see or talk with much anymore.
My penultimate morning in England was a grey affair. It was a biting cold march day and I was to meet John to say goodbye. When I met him he was in the middle of some weird methadone sell whereby he'd earn £180, and so our last morning together was spent trawling around Shepherds Bush trying to track down a one legged addict called Jack The Peg. When we eventually found Jack – slopping down a free breakfast at The Great Commision Ministry Church – he told us through a mouthful of soupy porridge that he needed to cash his sick benefit before he could buy John's methadone. All together, walking at the pace of a man with one leg and two rusty crutches, we pigeon stepped it (Jack in the singular) down to the Post Office and queued up behind the dead, the pregnant and the insane.
The candy consists of products from Creative Memories which you know is primarily a SBing company.
Then Sunday arrived...
Still his two feet fascinated them more and more newly with each step.
This whole thing got me thinking, where are these virgins come from? I guess, girls go to heaven just like men. If that the case these girls must be so ugly. Who can stay a virgin until they go to heaven? So there is another reason for me to decline. And again who can deal with seventy to PMS Ladies. I know many highly educated Muslim friends, and I asked them the same question. They also confused, but, I never tried to push this any farther because I did not want to shake their faith. Sometimes it amaze me to see their untamed faith. Their faith is so strong and beautiful, may be that is the reason that religious extremists manipulate them so easy. On the other hand I do question everything. Neither Bible nor Koran can make me believe just because something was written in there. It has to make me understand. It doesn’t mean I don’t believe In God. I do believe in higher power, most people call him God and he had helped me many times. If I do anything in the name of God or religion then, it has to agree with my heart. I am not ready to harm, any living thing just because of someone offered me seventy-two virgins. I mean where is the fun? Having someone hand over seventy-two girls. I like to work for it. I like go to my favorite bar and sit in a corner and stare at the girl I like, not knowing what to do.
2 rear
Take heed, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief, in departing from the living God.
WARNING……Be prepared to have LOTS OF TIME on your side….cause you’re GONNA NEED IT….Your mouth will water with all the GORGEOUS files she’s designed!!!!!! Be sure to leave her some blog love too!!!! She CERTAINLY deserves it!!!!!
Blair stood virtually alone against them, and lost.
The Bartlett yarn is similar to Briggs and Little Regal, with lots of VM (vegetable matter, that is, vegetation that got caught in the sheep’s wool as it was out grazing and doing whatever it is that sheep do) that I picked out as I knit. I don’t mind VM in yarn because it is an indication that the wool has not be over-processed. The yarn from Bartlett is pretty scratchy before it is washed, but it softens a lot after washing. It also blooms a lot when washed. The beanie I knitted on 3.5mm needles looks almost felted since it was washed. I’m glad I used 4.0mm needles for the ribbed hat.
Is the truth making you happy?
who kept trying to help me by trying to help Jaikob.
Shi Tian Cai (Li Nan Xing) is one natural born gambler. Ever since his father passed away he decided to make a living by gambling to support his Family. He is married to Zhang Zhi Hui (Rebecca Lim), a devoted Christian who is pregnant and wants him to quit gambling before she conceives.
I decided to email Leila and ask for help. WHAT DO I DO WITH THIS?!?!?!?!?! I feel like an absolute IDIOT asking for prayers... particularly because I know just how embarrassed I'm going to feel in two weeks when I have to come on here and announce that I got my period. Again. How could I possibly, after 6 years, expect anything to be different? How could I so boldly ask all of you to pray for me, as if I'm so important, and my "getting pregnant" deserves an army of prayer warriors?!?!?! Who the heck do I think I am???
2 T oil
of having an accent, but just reinforcing obliviousness.
“You broke up with Heather?”
Since I began training I have had shin splints, extremely sore ankles, a broken toe (not anything to do with running, just the hazards of someone who loves to be barefoot!) and now my knee!! It seems every time I make some progress, like increasing my pace or adding a little distance… bam! Something starts to hurt!! I’m beginning to think that maybe jumping into minimalist shoes (again someone who prefers to be barefoot) at 52 might have been a mistake………..
“If you don’t go and get me some cheese, I’m gonna rip your head off and give you a spinedectomy…”
My sparkle
beetroot, red onions and chantenay carrots
Hello everyone! I’m sorry I have been MIA from posting. I missed writing on here and hearing from all of you. I want to than everyone who has entered the giveaway and remind you all that today is the last day to enter and next Thursday the winner will be announced!!!
I think the cuddle time helped both of us, because I know I needed that.
The project also sparked a weekend full of philosophical conversations (we do have those a lot, but this was several all in one weekend!)…and it helped us build up a bunch of inspirational and motivational energy for the week ahead.
“As far as I know, the way she is treated is unprecedented in the history of the Nobel Peace Prize,” Norwegian Nobel Committee secretary Geir Lundestad told Associated Press. “Her situation is extremely regrettable.”
His views are easy to understand. Eric was a Holocaust survivor and he watched as his parents were ripped away from him, and then his mother was murdered right before his eyes. It had been at that time that his power to control all magnetic forms of metal first developed. A Nazi even experimented on him and tried to use him as a weapon. Xavier describes him as a good man with good intentions who is consumed by rage.
The mainstream electronic and print media gives space or airtime to only the government. The opposition is not given equal space or airtime. And if the opposition is given space or airtime, the ‘offending’ news agencies will lose their licence.
COUNTY
39. Scotland has about the same land area as the Czech Republic, the United Arab Emirates, Panama, the US state of Maine, or the Japanese island of Hokkaido.
So be honest. And feel free to post anonymously if that's easier for you. This blog is being updated soon so please make sure to input your thoughts to have a positive impact on the ch-ch-ch-ch-changes!
Christmas is indeed the most wonderful time of the year. It's the only time when G takes over the kitchen and prepares Christmas lunch, leaving me in charge of desserts. It's relatively stress-free for me, although I'm crossing my fingers and hoping that my maiden attempt at baking a red velvet cake tomorrow will be successful. For now, I decided to make some marbled Coke eggs, which are actually hard-boiled eggs which have been simmered and steeped in a Coke and soy "broth" for a few hours. The marbled effect is created by cracking the shell of the hard-boiled eggs all over before simmering them in Coke. The eggs would have absorbed a mildly sweet flavour with a hint of soy, depending on how long the eggs are left in the Coke. These can be served warm or at room temperature, and are great for picnics, parties or just a snack for the kids at home. And they look quite pretty too!
Thank you to all at Woodlore that supported us, and see you in the not too distant future.
On our way out of town we stopped at the garden club's sale and I bought a flower pot for $1.00
The temper of the year;
Who are your favorite bromances, whether real or fictional?
That day when Jillian spotted them from the second floor balcony off their bedroom, she had watched for a little longer than she’d care to admit. Maybe that was because all her erotic romance writing had left her desensitized to sex, at least a little. At first it didn’t seem real; it was as if she was visualizing a scene for a book she was working
So just to clarify for anyone who fancies going along this evening and you really should. I am more than sure that it will be worth it. You need to see this chappy perform - You really do. You will not regret it.
Puerto Rican Officials ask FCC for Broadband Help: Say dealing with issue as part of USF reform will take too long
9. Before serving, let come to room temperature (about 30 minutes) so it is the ideal spreading consistency.
Sometimes, we may even feel it is necessary to take a dump on someone else. Just remember the Golden Rule: Do unto others as you would have them do onto you. So, let me ask you: do you like when others shit on you?
I’ll have my medicine bag with me. I take it places where I know I’ll need a little bit more super power than I normally have. I mentioned this recently on Facebook (if you’d like to friend me, please do) and some of my friends didn’t know what a medicine bag was.
Coach Jeff as always did a great job in helping me get the kids acclimated to their positions, as well as assisting me in coaching them on what to do. We are so blessed this year to have many parents that are willing to help the team during practices and games.
Not everything happening is God’s will. But God’s will for us in whatever situation is to give thanks and it becomes part of God’s tapestry for His marvelous plan for our lives.
13 Alessandro Alessandroni - Cop's Blood
I would LOVE to have marble counter tops in our future house. In the apartment we just moved into the bathroom has fake marble counters. I actually kinda like them :)
How can you injure your leg? There are many ways that you can hurt it. You could hurt it while playing sports like football, basketball, soccer, skiing, or hockey.
My ones are:
On this weeks show, we will ask the question, Where did the “Swag” go? Are these young people making mistakes or is it much adieu about nothing.
One of them, Bishop Fergus, attended Rome in 721 to sign decrees, presumably on his king’s behalf. This saint features both south and north of the Mounth: as patron of Glamis at the centre of cross slab carving in Forfarshire; but, as we know him, patron of Moy in Moray, St Fergus in Buchan and, most significantly, Dyce which has one of the few magnificent cross slabs in Aberdeenshire. CÈ was conservative, not pagan. The simple cross was already understood.
The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act has helped millions of children. It has also bogged down the courts and spawned a whole industry based on paranoia.
The best part about it was a sign that was filmed at the beginning which read "'Bloody' Good Firework. The placement of the quotations marks was truly delightful.
PREDATOR'S GOLD
Set a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Put the butter in the bowl, top with chopped chocolates and stir occasionally until the ingredients are just melted - you don't want then to get so hot that the butter separates. Remove the bowl from the pan of water.
Loek van der Knaap: Guitars
I’ve had the opportunity to visit or be a part of many different churches in many different states and several different countries by now. It’s been a real privilege to see the churches, meet their members, and many times join in myself, in places such as Rome, France, South Africa, Madagascar, and of course Arkansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, and Oregon and a few other states whose churches I’ve only visited.
Have you ever heard of Modnique? If you have or haven’t, let me give you a quick run down about Modnique. This is a shopping site where you can find designer brands for discount prices. You have to register on the website to be able to shop. They don’t have an app for your cell phone but they do have a mobile shopping site. Here are just a few examples of brands I have seen on Modnique: pre-owned Rolex, pre-owned Louis Vuitton, Ed Hardy, Michael Kors.
The rarest of all the athasian drakes. Water drakes are amphibious and prefer to live (and fight if need be) in water. They're fiercely protective of any body of water large enough for them to live in and will ferociously any intruders.
Here are the results (n.b. wordpress.com doesn’t allow javascript so I couldn’t embed the graphs and have had to make do with screen shots instead).
Purchase at:
Next began the taping of Superstars and my favorite man at Raw tapings came out: Scott Stanford. I was pretty convinced he wouldn’t see us… again. They filmed the first match, which was Dolph Ziggler against Mason Ryan. Not a bad match, though Mason Ryan doesn’t even look real. Ziggler gave Scott his coat, I love those little tidbits, and I find it funnier that it’s always heels that are doing nice things for Scott, especially since Scott would likely be referred to as a “face” announcer.
Springtime is definately here in Wellington. All sorts of trees introduced from the Northern Hemisphere are starting to show their glorious blossoms and blooms, and the fruit trees are so welcome. My local supermarket has a garden section, with plants raised to cope with Wellington's frequent strong wind. A joy to view every springtime in New Zealand is the flowering of the native Kowhai Tree -
I had to come up with a "second choice", but nothing could compare.
The last jelly neon from this collection! Both jellies are quite sheer, but they were able to even out slowly as they dried. Reminds us of a the Jeans collection from both Nubar and Chanel! We were never a fan of such blue, but this jelly neon changed our mind! We really love this blue jelly layered with glitters!
And as I write this, the West is 'dialoging' with Iran, whose leaders have repeatedly pledged to destroy the Jews in Israel and are busily working towards acquiring nuclear weapons for their own version of the Final Solution, just as the West negotiated with Hitler while the Nazis built up their war machine.
The fun part is, there is so much more to that idea. The moment you get that feeling of a new idea, there's so much more to it. It can go so many ways and get so much deeper. It's an irreplaceable feeling.
How many of you have ever seen someone and automatically judged who they were and what they thought. Whether or not they were a Christian, simply by their outward appearance?
(great scott!) two weeks later at $4,599,000. Amazingly, it did not sell, until 245 days later, having been lowered to $4,199,000. It now sells for a second time, at $3,675,000 on January 12, 2012, suffering a $288,591 loss in the process.
So why would the Malays want to relinquish political power and lose all that is already theirs from birth?
a wonderful husband who helps me not freak out so much, keeps me calm,
Bernie Allen (English Democrats) 120 (3%)
The male role model is also changing, but not to the same degree as the female, for every Ashley Cole or Pete Doherty, our celebrity culture still embraces a few remaining chiselled jawed men who would not took out of place in the company of Cary Grant and David Niven. But where are the Ann Todds, the Margaret Lockwoods the Joan Greenwoods or indeed the Deborah Kerrs? How often does one see a female celebrity under 50 who could be fairly called a lady?. There may be some but there are not many left and they do not appear in the magazines our children read or the TV shows they watch.
Work is busy-flu season is about to begin,I am jabbing everyone who walks near me, so be warned...
Hubs and I are goofy. His nickname for me is Goose. Because I'm a silly Goose. We like to IM each other 'I love you' through other words that would look like you were saying 'I love you' if you whispered them. Olive Juice. Elephant Hues. Elf Shoes.
Medical care.
marks the spot!
I’ll share the positive first. Dave and I were married this past Saturday, March 31. Our small ceremony at home turned into a bit larger celebration at a reception hall during the planning process, and we had about 70 people attend. It was a beautiful day that will be remembered by us both for the rest of our lives.
We also listened to a rich woman's lawyer talk about saving her property from one such intrusive road-project, by installing a "modern roundabout," and we then watched a little video about the roundabouts, which keep traffic moving and save energy and so on. GPATS board member Jim Burns immediately said it was a good idea... and by my calculations (noting the map where this rich woman's property is), I figured out that Burns is her County Council representative, so he knows which side his bread is buttered on, as my grandmother used to say.
Pierce the eggplant all over with a fork. Drizzle with some olive oil and wrap in aluminum foil. Place on a baking sheet and bake for about 30 minutes.
exact some mental
That's the beauty of music. You can sing about absolutely every aspect of the human condition. It can be factual, funny, sad, sexy....
By Steve Benen - Fri Apr 6, 2012 2:46 PM EDT.
all photos except Ritz Madrid, SwF
What I don't like is the way that he feels bound to align himself with any particular 'class'. If the proper pursuit of novels is our common humanity (which I think it is) then we need to be able to get away, in the discussion of fiction, from even thinking in these terms.
Near the end of my week-long stay in Ireland, I traveled to the south coast village of Cobh. Along the way I spent a couple hours at the Botanical Garden in Fota. The foliage displays at Fota are very extensive and offer a tremendous variety of plants between the garden-proper and the arboretum. Looking back, I wish I would have taken the time to jot down the names of several of the flowers, but I guess not having that information gives me one more reason to return!
“Oh Gary, you know. Jimmy quit, Jody got married. Shoulda known we’ve never get far.”
The following are the pictures of our little Sam and Samantha, the King and Queen of 'The Craft Emporium' of Maben, MS.
I cannot review the film in any capacity without admitting Heath Ledger’s portrayal of the Joker steals the film. The praise heaped upon Leder’s performance was not just posthumous sentimentality. He would own the role even if he had not tragically overdosed months before its release. Some speculate the role may have contributed to his damaged state of mind. The Dark Knight’s version of the Joker took the most demented, homicidal elements of the character and put them on screen.
The then-Prime Minister, Clement Attlee, walked in.
Most of what has been done to South African gun owners is already being pushed in the United States: gun rationing; targeting the poor and people of color; making gun ownership unaffordable; confiscating guns without compensation; and implementing a licensing system that can be deliberately abused in order to stop good people from owning guns.
He felt cold at first, but after a moment a warm sensation slipped from her heart down her arm. Her head grew heavy and she closed her eyes. A dim memory - or was it a dream - teased her. A large stone pyramid. A room of gold. The dead. The Olympics. Blood...
Hasn't been much going on lately in terms of births. One of the other midwives seems to be the baby magnet now. My last two nights on call were so quiet that I was checking my pager to be sure it was on!
where full of grace the wings do glide upon the wind that sweeps the sea.
Thetford police said they received a call from Bailey's mother on Friday telling authorities that she believed her son had gone and dug up her husband's cremated remains, taking the remains and the headstone home with him. The mother said she was going to check the grave site and later told police all she saw at the site was a hole in the ground.
it helps me draw a line and hold that space without fear of the upset it may cause because i'm okay with the upset.
Tomorrowland Terrace
‘I love you.’ It was a lie.
They won’t be enough.
Now to curl the petals.
Hourglass Visionaire Eye Shadow Duo Visionaire pairs two complementary shades of supersmooth color that create gorgeous looks singly or together. Each versatile hue may be applied dry for a natural look or wet for greater intensity.
The news wasn’t entirely bad for home resales, however. Although total home units sold decreased, so did the number of homes available for sale. There were just 2.37 million homes for sale nationwide in March, a 2 percent drop from the month prior.
3/$4.00 Nabisco Convenience Packs 3.8-8 oz. – with in-ad coupon – limit 3
Her trill echoed across all of Howth
The Joker
—David Tallerman, Giant Thief
So, I started my college-educated adulthood with a face full of frosting and a small lump the size of a plastic ballerina on the side of my head.I swear I didn't mean for there to be any sexual metaphor going on there. It was just supposed to be about how graduating from college and joining the "real world" sucked. (Though I was heavily into Tom Robbins at the time, which could explain a thing or two.)
I am not making anywhere near the progress I would like playing catch up. But just know that I'm also nowhere near ever giving up blogging! I will fit it in somehow, eventually.
pictures taken through shop windows in rome’s center in spring time.
The following are the names of the terminated deputies and the Sergeant, along with a summary of their charges:
Had you asked me a couple of years ago about the prospect of a college football super division, I would have said something like that would be a long way off. Now, I’m thinking it’s a whole lot closer than expected. Interesting times, indeed.
In 5D to come in as a state of being you have to master first loving yourselves. A Feeling that is not a construct of emotions or from a sexual nature. The connection in finding self-love will set you free. In you remembering the love for the self you open up the possibilities needed to build the link to the unconditional love for all of that is. You will not be that easy tripped in or pulled out the love for all outside of you anymore by learning self-love.
Her last words….her last breath.
Five scimitars, wi' murder crusted;
Steve Houghton (Lab) 1,684
Red Food Color- a pinch
And here are the answers; straight from the mouths (or fingertips) of real, fellow college students:
Soaps are often irritating and drying to the skin and can make an itch worse. They should be avoided or used only when necessary. People who tend to have itchy skin should:
AN EXTRACT FROM SOMETHING I AM WRITING..
All the new entrants have the 4×4 style, adequate – not MPV – versatility in the dimensions of a Ford Focus. This makes them strong contenders as cars to suit people’s lifestyles.
Lying on the bed
They offered me a second goat, tan and mischievous, for only $50. She was Mamasan’s daughter, but only half Nigerian dwarf and currently milking. I didn’t feel up to starting with two goats despite my guilt at separating them. The daughter followed us down the road for 100 yards, bleating.
1.what religion
Almost literally. Tropical Storm Daniel was dumping sheets of rain on Coney Island when the boys and I arrived for our annual pilgrimage there, making the circus the only thing doing. The trek from the subway station to the tent (which is pitched on the other side of Keyspan Park, an effortless jaunt on a normal day) was an epic trial. By the time we got to the box office, the three of us were soaked to the bones and shivering. We desperately needed things to start going right.
“Get going!” Henderson snapped without hesitation. “You want to die stupidly?”
Road block oh life penalty
But I did have a little play .. ..
Regional coupon inserts & value differences are to be expected!
Then it swiftly runs off and I get caught in the dust,
It is apparent that there is no death.
Eat your whole foods, especially fiber. Real whole foods like vegetables, fruits and nuts are packed with fiber, giving your gut something to digest and burn into fuel. Any food processed and packaged does nothing more than clog you with unnecessary additives and chemicals.
While reading the story we wanted to find out more about Harriet Tubman's life and found a quiz, and more info at Enchanted Learning.
Jesus let the biggest bully in town do its worst for four days. Then Jesus went to the bully’s turf and completely undid the best and worst the bully had to offer. Completely undid death. Completely.
I try not to listen to the voice in my head that tells me, "I CAN'T" do something. It's been replaced with a voice that tells me to,"TRY"!
The Unremembered is Peter Orullian's debut novel although he has published a few short stories in various anthologies the last few years. The series is named The Vault of Heaven, which brings a lot of things to mind. Definitely something on an Epic scale. The Unremembered will be released in April 2011. I know that is a long time, but it certainly could be a strong Epic Fantasy debut. Next year is ramping up to be one of the most competitive years for Fantasy with new books by Abercrombie, Rothfuss, Lynch, Morgan, Abraham, and Grossman. There are also sequels to a number of my 2010 debut favorites coming out, but I always like to make time for debut authors so I'll definitely be one of the first in line to check out The Unremembered. Here is the description to taunt you with:
I've known people who went beyond simple lies to extravagant lies. Like Groves and Brown those other liars got called out for lying. But both Groves and Brown must be pretty good at it to have gotten away with it for so long with family, friends and coworkers. If I knew them, and had believed their stories, then found out their records proved them liars I'd wonder what other lies they'd told. But it doesn't mean they need to go to jail, especially if they didn't do it for financial gain. Since humans are by nature liars, and we lie all the time for one reason or another, from little fibs to big whoppers, I'm reluctant to make lying for the purposes of self-aggrandizement a crime.
Well, I have delivered 2 of the baby quilts. Both of the showers were great and the Mommy's to be loved the quilts! Unfortunately, I don't have a good picture of the one with the drums. Mine are all blurry, so I am waiting for my niece's husband to send me one.... he is a fabulous photographer. The third baby quilt is all done, except for the binding. She isn't due for another couple of weeks, so I have time to get that done.
Target Reader: Young Adult
Sir Jeremy, the UK’s permanent representative to the UN between 1997 and 2003, was at the centre of UK-led efforts to negotiate a second UN resolution in early 2003, seen by many countries as necessary to authorise military action.
"Gee," you're probably saying, "that story wasn't very good at all. What was the point of all that?"
Generally speaking, the closer the family member the bigger the impact. This was our Auntie, not a parent/sibling or even a child – which I’m sure would have a much more profound impact on our marriage. So for now, I am going to try to just focus on the death of a loved one within your marriage’s now-shared family…
A man in Murrells Inlet was arrested for having $419,000 worth of marijuana plants and another $11,760 worth of processed marijuana.
Just to let you know, it's when Patton is going over the aspects of the operation that Sandahl Bergman utters he first line. Other than looking fabulous in her black-framed glasses and lab coat combo, Sandahl's character has been mute up until now. Well, that all changes when Sam makes an inquiry about expelling urine (making a pee pee while wearing a cast-iron codpiece could be fraught with foreseen complications). Looking at the confused musclebound mound of unejaculated sperm, she simply tells him, "there's a flap."
“We’re not going to give them the wrong information on purpose,” she said.
Should teenagers who believe they are transgender be helped to change sex? And if so, what about the four-year-olds who feel the same way?
I know you can’t imagine the love I have for you
I piccoli strass sulle stelline danno tanta luce.
Have a wonderful Monday! Hugs bettina
It was a privilege to have a short conversation with her after the event, and now I must get down to reading the novels, starting with the semi-autobiographical Brixton Beach.
"I'm ... okay," I slowly answered.
True Colors
Sometime in the 1500s the roof was raised and a second floor put in, together with a large brick chimney and much larger windows (the two vertical panels to the left would have been a window).
Um, yeah. Why would I want that?
It would be great if a portable device could be added into the equation. Imagine if there was an option that allowed you to do the same with your smartphone. Simply select the DLNA (or any form of wireless communication) option when walking into the living roon, and boom – the TV turns on and starts playing the movie.
Much love and creativity,
Whatever Gnosticism’s virtues as an effective path to gnosis and to unconditioned consciousness, it was simply too idiosyncratic and contrarian to make the grade as a stabilising component of Roman power. Its subversive counter-myths stood little chance of being integrated into a social order based on top-down power relations emanating from Rome and Constantinople. The prevailing Church absorbed those elements of the Gnostic worldview that best served its own ends and scuttled the rest, consigning the Gnostics to the oblivion of heresy and their scriptures to the bonfires of proscribed texts.
violet knee-hight socks
E – is for Evaluate. The key to becoming a superstar at Time Management is to constantly evaluate what is working and what isn’t. At the end of the day when you are making your Map for the next day you need to reflect upon the day that has passed and ask yourself what worked/what didn’t? How would you handle things differently next time?
Rumor: Apple iPad mini to launch in October – A new report claims Apple is preparing to launch an 8GB iPad “mini” this October for less than $250.
Indie Gay & Lesbian
That is not so say that you cannot have fun in Canvey Island. I’m sure you can. There is a fun fair (see photo below) and for pubbing and clubbing, The Monico.
My elementary school teachers. The smell of their classrooms. Playing with my dolls. Playing with my cousins and neighbors. Talking to my mom. Basically every interaction ever with my Mom. And my dad. Oh my gosh, how much I longed to just curl up into a ball of little girl and sit on my dad's lap.
Many blessings to you!
4. Never assume people see themselves in a supplicant position. Each person
Because we are, after all, a theatrical production, attendance by the entire cast at rehearsals is vital. Your ordinary, volunteer-based community theatre production, which plays maybe five performances usually rehearses for two or three months prior, often two or three times a week. Failure to attend is virtually unthinkable, as everyone needs to know their lines, blocking, cues, reactions, and be comfortable working with their fellow cast members.
I hate the Gap. There, I said it. I can never find anything there and their jeans make my butt look like a moose face (don't ask for clarification, just trust me on that, OK?). Every time I have actually bought something at the Gap it has disintegrated in a matter of days, in the most dramatic way possible, like while I'm doing a book reading and my Gap cardigan suddenly implodes into a little pile of ash, leaving me in my bra in front of a large crowd, mumbling about how important it is to invest in high quality pieces.
Unfortunately we can’t demand this political product when we as consumers of political information don’t inform ourselves on what we should be looking for, versus settling for the diatribes of MSNBC and FOX.
men over two years.
Your name.
The dancing with the spoon all over the place.
Brings up feelings deep in you, from within,
What could drive Nintendo to actually bring Mother to the west?
-Jim Tiroch
-- New Orleans quarterback Drew Brees was named the Associated Press NFL Offensive Player of the Year. He got 43 of 50 first place votes.
and it set my little hamster wheel turning in my head.
community.
So, when I talk about affairs, I am only speaking of a situation where there is a married couple and one person in that marriage is having a relationship outside of the marriage.
Last pang.
Ground Pistachio Nuts
Back home, everything was back to normal until Iheard the following piece of news in the evening radio. Those were the days former Prime Minister Rajiv’s assassins were at large.
To be frank, this Machiavellian marketing seems the stuff of urban legend. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not against being duped into believing myself thinner – and will quite happily pay for the privilege. I’ve just yet to squeeze myself into an apocryphal 10. If anything, I think the high street has adopted a certain NAMA-like quality – a belt-tightening, pinch-inducing inability to make ends meet. It’s the classic example of ‘why give an inch, if it’s going to cost in fabric?’
So other than Dragonmaw Port, pretty much anywhere else you wind up having to take a boat or a zeppelin, and I don’t exactly have a great track record with either one of those. Plus then I have to make arrangements to bring Mortimer out there with me, because let me tell you, the flight path options out there are some slim pickings. Not a whole lot of wyverns to choose from, and even the ones they have aren’t much of a match for the sturdy Kalimdor stock. And beyond junior varsity wyverns? You’ve got giant bats, which are a little short on the steady and a long on the bitey for my tastes. And I’m sorry, there’s just no fucking way in hell you’re ever going to see me riding around on a dragonhawk. Not least of all because most of them look like they would snap in two if I ever actually sat on them.
All well and good checking the "signal strength" in terms of S-Meter reading, or dBm (the Perseus has a good, linear & accurate S-meter) but what about noise level, and S/N ratio? What is the E-Field Strength? Can I calculate it from the received signal power/voltage?
Tonight be sure that you tell each and every person you love, just how much you love them, if you have children hold them tight and thank God for giving you such a beautiful gift.
Sunday: rest
Some details: I stamped the image several times, once on designer paper and the other two times on Choice Snow White cardstock (TE). I paper pieced the hat and apron from designer paper, the bowl and her hand from the second image stamped on white. I used Copic markers to color the white portions of the image and to add a touch of shading to her apron and hat. The mixing bowl needed a bit more red to match the rest of the card so I added little red dots using the atyou Spica glitter pens.
Winter loves her sister but feels a little stifled by her overprotectiveness. That said, she understands their parents death has made her sister this way. Grief affects people differently. It’s made Winter numb and left Lucy raw. Deep down she appreciates the sacrifice Lucy has made in postponing her studies and returning to Hagan’s Bluff to care for her.
We started the session off by discussing our new apartment. There are issues with the apartment that me and my SO have issue with, and she discussed with me how there is perfection in imperfection. Sometimes, we try so hard to create this pretty picture that is in our head, and in so doing, we end up making things even worse. Which I can understand. Luckily, my SO has gotten a bit more laid back about the state of the apt. Hopefully that will be resolved soon.
King did speak those words, in Memphis two months before he was shot dead there in 1968, but they were prefaced by a caveat: “”Yes, if you want to say that I was a drum major, say that I was a drum major for justice.
It soon becomes apparent that racial prejudices know no borders, and while Solomon works hard and begins to experience some newfound freedoms, he faces discrimination and segregation and lives with the ongoing fear of being caught by slavecatchers and dragged back to the South.
Go home. Take a nap. When you are feeling civilized again, then I will deal with you.
Please refer to last week’s post titled In the Thick of Things for point of reference. We experienced a similar day yesterday with one huge difference: everyone remained relatively upbeat and calm. Let’s explore some of the reasons why.
Man, this weekend went fast! I hope you enjoyed yours. And thank you so much for all the anniversary wishes! We had a really nice date night at Morton’s, home of our first date. It was great to have some alone time and get to talk and laugh, uninterrupted, for several hours!
First, the authors:
So, if you would like me to send you a cute Christmas card, simply send me your postal address and I'll send you one towards the end of November :) I'd email your address to me rather than comment with it below (Esshaych@hotmail.co.uk), as you don't want everyone seeing your address lol!
Please Subscribe and Comment.
Trying it on, it hit me. This product is absolutely ridiculous. I mean honestly, you just look silly with those pull strings dangling from your ears. Then again, I do now live in a town where twice-cutoff jean shorts are acceptable and a sweatshirt works perfectly fine in place of a bra.
the nice thing about going on these trips is the party's and the schmoozing...
I couldn’t look myself in the eyes. I avoided the mirror as much as I could when I went in to get a tissue. I couldn’t breathe and had to blow my nose. I was starting to hyperventilate. It was my own stupid fault. Why did I feel it necessary to read that? After all, I knew that once I’d written about it I was supposed to keep that memory locked away in “the safe place.” Put it so far back in my mind that I could forget about it enough to be able to function normally again.
I don't have rocks and the soil is not clay so it runs smoothly.
Been a few days - things are a bit up in the air at the house of Jelly at the moment so it's a card I made last week to show you today. It uses a combination of goodies from the new Stampin' Up! Summer Mini Catalogue combined with just as scrummy stash from the main Idea Book and Catalogue. I've created yet another pop up card:
I have been working as a freelance writer and artist for the last decade. In that time, I've done everything from ghostwriting to toy design and everything in between. I am currently working on a novel series called 'Myth' which has held my attention for the past sixteen years. I have spent my time developing the world, character and story and am now ready to funnel all the preliminary material into the manuscript of the first installment, 'of Men and Monsters'
Friends, for a few moments there, I let my pendulum of balance swing way over to the other side.
So K, here you go....
3. I believe the human brain is an incredibly powerful gift from God that we don’t fully utilize. You’ve heard before that the average person uses only 6-10% of the potential of their brain. So what happens when you tap into the other 90%? is this why some people can walk on water, control the weather etc.?
Praise Him for your salvation!
Meanwhile, acrobatic Two-Bit Jack Ginth rode a rope up to the balcony and sent a chandelier crashing down around a group of guards. His comrade in crime, W.B. McGarnagle roughed his way and disarmed a guard to get outside after Blone Barry. McGarnagle sacrificed his sword to bar the portal temporarily and give him time to dash toward a sounding bell tower marked with the symbol of St. Cuthbert. An avowed pyromaniac, Ginth ran along the balcony knocking over lamps and lanterns and setting tapestries afire as the guards turned and ran up the stairs to head him off again. He kicked out a window however and deftly dropped down by way of a torn tapestry to the courtyard below In the distance he saw the same bell tower that McGarnagle had entered.
It is important that you use glossy cardstock which you can find at your local scrapbook store. There are on-line stores that carry it too. Use your search engine and put in "glossy cardstock" to find a store for you.
Deep concern
“Spiritual reading is to the soul what food is to the body. Be careful, therefore, to select such books as will furnish your soul with the best nourishment. I would recommend you to become familiar especially with the works of Saint Francis de Sales. When the choice of reading matter is made by the advice of a spiritual director the teaching it contains should be looked upon as coming from the mouth of God.”
Though you would have to work with Fergie and the god awful Black eyed peas.
If the world really does end according to your prediction, then I will:
papers: don't know
O has mild eczema. He always tend to break out when the weather is crazy (like these few days) and I’ve caught him scratching his ankle til it becomes bright pink when I forgot to use some lotion.
I know, it's pathetic that I stalk furniture, but I do!
Shifting sands in the wind can both expose and cover up what we see ahead. I see the debate on whether the gatekeepers of publishing should sit at the same poker table as the ebook and self-publishing ‘riff-raff’ in the same way. When I say gatekeepers, I mean mainstream publishers and literary agencies.
This has been the most random camera dumping post. As I get back into the swing, I swear I’ll be more interesting.
While many slow-flow bottles have still proven to be too fast for our little guy, he didn't struggle at all with the Lansinoh mOmma Bottle with NaturalWaveT Peristaltic Nipple.
But it’s not. Most school chicken nuggets have at least a zillion ingredients. Okay, I exaggerate. Maybe they have thirty-five. Modified corn starch, soy, beef extract and maltodextrin – among other things – are not something I’d want any human to have in moderation. The same goes for cupcakes. I’m not against cake, and I’m not against most traditions. Just the last two weekends I let my son sing happy birthday and consume cake. But it was my choice. I was there to be his “judgment,” and he ate confections. But I also know he’s not likely to eat cake for another whole year. The birthdays for the February 2010 babies from my mommy groups are all done, and so is the cake. I don’t have to worry about every neighborhood parent running down to the local grocery and bringing a sugar, corn syrup and white flour treat right to his preschool desk.
is the Editor of Romantic Homes;
Social work allows me to be everything I really want to be, with the hope that I can help to do the same for others.
As for how I feel – Right now I’m feeling great. Other than the heat which is starting to affect me. The last few days has hit 37oC.
May 15, 2012 / Montreal, Canada / Petit Campus
I touched the man’s arm but he shook my touch off as if a cruel thing had pierced him.
*And when I say ‘masculinity,’ I pretty much mean ‘post-war American stereotypical masculinity’
If, at this point in the season, it wasn’t already clear to everyone, this Dawgs team is led by Aaron Murray. It’s true that he’s just a redshirt freshman. But it’s also true that his teammates hold him in high regard. His spectacular play and, more importantly, his toughness, have endeared him to the fans. But don’t think these attributes have gone unnoticed by his teammates. This is Aaron’s team. This is:
We are truly blessed because we
She added the French court has yet to issue a subpoena for Abdul Razak as it has yet to finalise the list of witnesses, and that the former could choose to defy the court order and not fall foul of action by the French authorities.
Messages from Your Angels;
‘Twill but drive me to Thy breast;
I was using an Eagle Industries external medical pouch from my medic ruck for my IFAK/BOK, but it was too big and got in the way whenever I dove to the ground. I switched it out for a single-stack rifle magazine pouch instead. It holds a large Israeli Battle Dressing, a Nasopharyngeal Airway device, a chest punch needle and chest seal (needle thoracostomy, for reduction of pneumothorax issues), and a pair of nitrile gloves. It wouldn't hurt my feelings to add a package of compressed gauze, but I'm not overly concerned about lacking it either. This set-up provides me with enough gear to provide basic self-aid for most battlefield injuries that I'm likely to sustain and still be able to treat (to reiterate, since the question came up in a class/clinic recently, your IFAK/BOK is there to treat YOU. It's NOT for your buddy. If he doesn't have one, make him build one, build one for him, or improvise when the time comes to patch holes in him. DO NOT USE YOUR PERSONAL IFAK/BOK to treat ANYONE else. In addition to her personal IFAK/BOK, HH6 even had me mount on on the morale officer's diaper bag!)
Ford: yes Churchill was also an anti-Kenyan pro-colonialist
Saviour Jesus Christ.
mermaid kisses!
Do I want Juliet Sims or Tony Lucca to win “The Voice”? Juliet. Tony. No. WAIT. Can Adam Levine or Blake Shelton win?
Happy Valentine's Day! Yay! Love and all that!
For those of you wondering THIS is WAWA and WAWA iced coffee:
To hem the bottom, I stuck a long strip of 1/4" Steam-a-Seam to the raw edge, folded the hem under, ironed it to make the permanent bond, then secured it with a zig zag stitch. Can't recommend S-a-S enough, especially if you're looking to make a Renfrew without that bottom band. It helps stabilize the knit fabric so it doesn't stretch out and wonkify under the sewing machine's presser foot. I was afraid the fused part would take away the stretch of the fabric, but I found that's not the case. Seems like it could work well for unbound armholes and necklines, too.
24. I broke my arm once. Well, my friend Angela broke my arm playing soccer. It wasn't any fun!! I am thinking if I would have went to that skating party tonight, I could have broken it again. Man it's been a long time!
Emme - "Does he look like an angel?"
To a question, he said stern action should be taken against anyone involved in incidents of abduction for ransom, because no one was above the law.
“She ran The Downhill Trading Company, which had jewelry and clothes and crafts of all kinds. It really made the town quite famous at the time and it got written up in one of the newspapers. Then she helped run Emilianos, the clothing shop that was owned Ava Guitterez.
Talking about names and what we could have been named, the below conversation has me still cracking up:
PAPER DOLLS
Because the Earth is a spheroid, a constructive plate margin cannot extend at the same speed at all latitudes, therefore constructive margins also have a whole load of transform strike-slip faults which allow the ridge to offset, and accommodate variable spreading rates. There’s an example of these from the Mid Atlantic Ridge shown below. These things, once formed, remain as weaknesses in the oceanic crust throughout its lifecycle.
Technically this isn’t a fix, it’s a rebuild but nevertheless it may save you a trip to the Genius Bar.
I, too, am a sugar freak, a food addict. 150 at 17, I was 172 by the end of freshman year at college. At age 25 I became pregnant and discovered my partner was sick with AIDS. I gained 80 pounds. He died one year and two days after I gave birth.
It's amazing seeing creative young minds at work. Liam (2) thought it was fun just to take the beads out of their packages and count them as he put them back in there containers. Ashlynn put alot of thought into her colors and shapes as she created this bracelet. When she was finished, she beamed at me with pride as I wrapped the finishing loop so she could wear it. She said, "Auntie Dawn, my Daddy is going to be so proud of me. I need to put this in my backpack to show him."
So why take them? Because “even though these stimulants inhibit our epiphanies (and sicken us with addiction), they seem to dramatically increase other kinds of creativity.” It all boils down to pleasure. Amphetamines act primarily on a network of neurons that uses dopamine. Dopamine plays a major role in the brain system that is responsible for reward-driven learning. A sense of pleasure is the brain’s way of telling you, “Hey, Stupid! Look over here.”
These are the obvious ones though. The ones that stick out the most. The ones everyone looks at and laughs. And then wishes they had them.
Lethal Bedrock Acreage warp
All people were actually willing to support the movement, even including the young male graduates here in Australia. Ajak, one of the organizers of the fundraising, encourages all young men to get along. “You men, you have to contribute, these are the girls whom you go yearly and pinch off your wives among them from overseas. Support us so that we educated them,” she said. This is an encouraging reality.
And that is what he found, along with observing that a significant fraction of moths found in their natural daytime resting position (35%, to be exact) were sitting on tree trunks, as the predation hypothesis requires (birds have to see the moths to eat them).
I took off pretty hard at the start. Although this was a flat course, the first mile was ever so slightly downhill. My Garmin was showing paces around 7:30, which I knew was too fast and not sustainable. But I thought I'd go with it and see how long I could hang on. Mile 1 was 7:47...probably the fastest full mile I've run this year (sad, I know). In mile 2 I settled down somewhat and I think that one was around 8:15. Probably where it should be.
One of the things that puzzled me when I first came across the design of the cell was how both cathode and anode are lead. In most electrochemical cells, there are dissimilar materials: I'm sure you've seen NiCad, or Nickle/Cadmium, for example. Zinc/carbon (the most common batteries in your local store), zinc/manganese dioxide ("alkaline" batteries) and silver/zinc are other common chemistries. One side is positive the other negative; in lead acid batteries, both sides are lead.
Never shown picture of Collin Finnerty: why? Didn't resemble any of the descriptions.
I remember the night he was conceived. If he ever asks (what kid wants I know this but hey he might one day) I can tell him that it was passionate and I have fond memories. I’m glad it wasn’t seedy.
Deschutes Brewery, Bend, Ore.; Fire Mountain Brew House, Carlton, Ore.; Firestone Walker Brewing, Paso Robles, Calif.; Full Sail Brewing, Hood River, Ore.; Lompoc Brewing, Portland, Ore.; MacTarnahan's Brewing, Portland, Ore.; Moa Brewing, Marlborough, New Zealand; New Holland Brewing, Holland, Mich.; Ninkasi Brewing, Eugene, Ore.; NoDa Brewing, Charlotte, N.C.; Odell Brewing, Fort Collins, Colo.; Oregon Brew Crew, homebrewers from Portland, Ore.; Rogue Ales, Newport, Ore.; Sierra Nevada Brewing, Chico, Calif.; Silver City Brewery, Bremerton, Wash.; Snake River Brewery, Jackson Hole, Wyo.; Calif.; Tree Brewing, Kelowna, British Columbia; 21st Amendment Brewery,
No one has the art of socialization down, and I don’t think anyone ever will. Each person you interact with is just so different, each shaped by his or her past relationship experiences. A book I recently read described socializing with someone new as taking a risk. I think this comparison has some truth to it. A person can either:
Stage 2 – Contact and inform consumers.
2. You must link it to Mr. Linky (if you have a problem feel free to email me I will help you link it)
However, my latest reading has made me very happy. You can’t complain about the book where the title of the first chapter is “Why it is hard to meet an average French person”. After reading several books on interviewing techniques (not that they were not interesting because three out of the four were!), a book that appears to teach one how to be French as a means of explaining the culture is amazing! And by amazing, I mean amusing… And I also have no idea why I’m reading this book.
For the trifle:
Watching Michelle Obama hula hooping plunged me back to my childhood. We had a hula hoop craze in the Congo too and I was pretty good at it: I was called a sissy for that, for hula hooping was considered a girl's "thing." But I’m sure that the new Congolese generation of both genders would certainly pick it up—if it weren’t for the prohibitive costs, though it’d be easy to make hula hoops with rattan or palm tree branches. I don't know why, but Michelle Obama's hula hoop swivels made me think she'd be good at Congolese dance, based roughly on the same principle...
Thinking Points
A: I had two very good reasons. First, I am replaceable and you are not.
Nearly out of money, and fast running out of steam, she had just enough of both to carry her through Carly’s wedding in Atlanta. If she didn’t score the job designing Kim Renfroe’s wedding dress by the time she returned, Audrey would have to start thinking about throwing in the towel. Perhaps she could rustle up a job working for one of the other design houses. Her stab at venturing out on her own hadn’t been the starship success she’d been convinced that it would be.
Its a good thing that we talked about this cause we could not of been further apart from one another. I was thinking that hers was going to involve a specific place, time of year, maybe some romance and feelings, probably some candles or potpourri. Ok shut it, I read Cosmo!
a visit to Target
face:
After years of doing that, I became pregnant. So a new chapter of my life and my writing was to begin. I went back to work at the end of my maternity leave and decided I couldn’t be away from our son all day and miss out on his young life. So, my husband and I decided that I would be a stay-at-home mom and I turned in my resignation.
of the flock
Isn't he just the cutest little guy? I stole him. He was a freebee and if I use him I should give credit to the artist. However, I can't find where I got him. I can't even find him anywhere on my hard drive. So I can't give the artist the credit he/she so deserves. So, I stole him.
If you want to add a little extra topper, stick a few flowers or ribbon at top of the tree. I used artificial poinsettias because I had them on hand. I could have used hydrangeas, but I didn't have any leftover. Sometimes you gotta use what you have!
two brothers: Philip and Bartholomew
My third thesis brings me around to one of John’s titles: “the Apostle of Love.” There is nothing so guaranteed to produce lengthy outbursts of praise, complete with lots of repetition, as love. John, possessed of childlike vitality and sagacious patience, was possessed by love. “See what kind of love the Father has given to us,” he says in one place, in astonishment; and “we love because he first loved us.”[5] He is love’s contemplative, and he cannot help but turn over and over in his mind the glory, the steadfast love, and the faithfulness of God, as it was perfected in his dear friend Jesus of Nazareth.
I want to like this school but it is hard to like something that tells you that you’re okay because you’re great but you’re not great often enough.
The cupcakes are okay. I found them to be bland in taste. That’s great if you’re baking them for the kids, especially for our little picky eaters. For adults, they need an extra zip of spice.
This was a fun recipe to try and a nice treat, but not the kind of thing I'm likely to make/eat all the time (one can only eat so much salad to balance out such things). But this NEXT recipe is something I'm adding to my repertoire forever. Another ATK recipe (god, I'm such a fangirl), this time for their Rustic Dinner Rolls. I guess I've got a little confidence in my bread-making skills since my successful boule experiment, and dinner rolls seemed like a good fit since, unlike a large loaf, these can be frozen and individually defrosted as needed. (I hate throwing food away, and I think I would CRY if I had to throw away lovingly homemade bread because it went stale!) Unfortunately, no pictures of the process (I got a migraine halfway through making these-- my wonderful boyfriend took over and "turned" the dough according to the recipe while I took my medication and laid in a dark room for a while), but the outcome.... WOW!
The programme acts as a safety net for children and an incentive for households to send their children to school instead of getting them to work to help feed the family. It further establishes schools as interventions benefiting the entire community.
Speaking of surprises, this lily just bloomed today in front of the garden shed. Gorgeous!
Till she was lost in them…
None of that is the contentious point, however. That arises from a matter seemingly not in issue: the relevant date for assessing prior art, discussed in para 26 of the decision: "Pursuant to Article 7(2)(b) of the Regulation, the relevant date for assessing the novelty and individual character is the date 12 months before the date of filing of the application ...". They repeated the erroneous date at para 36.
5:30pm. Free! Fairly informal, and at the St Lucia Uniting Church (where my Grandfather is the Minister). We attended their last event, and it was lovely. Prior to attending, you learn/know an appropriate song, either on your own or collaboratively, and perform in the church. I was expecting epic music failure, but a woman sang a heartwrenching a capella, there was a classical musician who performed a Mozart piece note-perfect, and The Academic (after much prodding from me) exploded my heart by getting up and singing an old gospel spiritual song completely a capella. It was one of those moments in life where you're just watching something incredible unfold, and you're just sitting there awestruck. Come along! You don't have to be Christian (but if you're not respectful, I'll smack the heck out of you).
In addition, according to an EMarketer report, U.S. local online ad spending is also expected to grow, anywhere from 8% to 18% annually. So if the publication has a local website, that may also be a viable spot for advertising.
Start breaking my heart for what breaks Yours
purposes. Users of internet services provided by iiNet infringed copyright in the appellants' films by making the appellants' films available online using the BitTorrent peer-to-peer file sharing system. The Australian Federation Against Copyright Theft, on behalf of the appellants, served notices on iiNet ("the AFACT notices") alleging that iiNet's customers had infringed copyright in the appellants' films, and requiring iiNet to take action to prevent the infringements from continuing. iiNet took no action in response to the AFACT notices.
I was wrong...at least for now.
While we are with Leeks... how about a
So, what motivates your doubt and how to do you get rid of it?
I don't know this toilet at all though. It certainly doesn't look familiar, and I have on so many occasions looked at the bright Armitage Shanks porcelain when spilling out after another empty night! I've gotta get outta here, this can't be right. Where the fuck is the canal....and where the hell is me typewriter?!
This is serious business! (And pay no attention to those voices behind the camera!)
I don’t really know that much about Shuppet otherwise; I’ve never owned one nor encountered one in the wild…
His plots tend to be simple, either mysteries or routine adventures, but you do not read Vance fiction for the plots, but rather to explore his wondrous worlds and spend time with the fascinating people. Occasionally though, a Vance story does have a plot worthy of its setting, or even a thought-provoking theme. The Domains of Koryphon (aka The Grey Prince) was such a novel. And so is one of his finest novels Emphyrio.
When I get an email from my first father, I read and enjoy. Rather than write back right away, I wait a day. I reread the next day. Sometimes I read it much differently the second day because I really understand what he’s saying as opposed to just being happy that I managed to get an email. Sometimes it reads the exact same way. If I did write a response on the same day (I don’t send them) I usually get rid of it. I write my response the day after I get the email so that it won’t hang over my head. I answer any questions that he’s asked (I love it when he asks questions because it shows that he wants to know about my life) and think of a few of my own. I share small bits of my life. And then I walk away. When I come back later, I nearly always cut half the email. I tend to write a lot, sometimes too much. So I cut the parts that don’t quite fit or the ones that no longer make sense to me. And I schedule it for a few days later (thank you Gmail for that handy feature!). Sometimes I’ll go back and reread and fix things. Sometimes I don’t because I’ve already given it a once over. It all depends on my mood and how busy I am.
"We consider it the definitive Bella Morte album," Andy says. "It’s less schizophrenic than our other releases. We’ve created something completely new here by combining elements of what we’ve done in the past."
Is this why she weighs less than her younger brother, this Karen Carpenter act? You’d think we had put her on Toddlers and Tiaras and told her she was looking too chunky to be competitive….
Wait… nevermind. Blah, blah, additional episode about a character I don’t care about made even less interesting by fleshing out a plot point I’m tired of. They’re so heavily suggesting that Artemis is the mole that there’s no way it would end up being her. And in the case that it was, we’re already told that she is, which just makes for bad story-telling.
2010.08.19 Yemen Abyan 2 1 al-Qaeda militants machine-gun two cops to death at point-blank range.
Clearly, the app isn’t working properly. Everyone knows that cake and snacks and other people’s left-over mashed potato don’t count. Nor do cold sausages that you find in the fridge. And wine definitely doesn’t have any calories.
14 Fishing Song
I can see the dark flecks and super slight shimmer, and I do think that the subtle details make it neat. Neutrals and I rarely get along, though, especially neutrals that aren't at all complimentary to my skin tone.
What would a ninja wizard do?
David: There is a very funny phenomenon here in Ghana. Construction costs are high mainly because almost all the building materials are imported and, for a hospital, just add the cost of shipping all the equipment and paying the foreign 'experts' to install them plus their five star hotel bills - must I go on? It's even worse if the hospital is being built by the same people who are providing the loan for it.
Relative to my ongoing family history research another public list I’ve created is stories and documents kept at the Internet archive site. One of them is a short biography on the amazing life of Benjamin Henry Latrobe. He’s a distant cousin and while a documentary has been done about him, a full-feature movie would be appropriate.
We’re diametrically opposed to using backing tracks live, so yes, the live show has different energy, and a different chemistry. Some of the overdubs will be missing but that’s nothing different to what the Stones did in the ‘60s.
Meet Jack. Jack's a zombie. Jack loves his wife (who is not a zombie). He would never do anything to hurt her. But oh, do her brains smell good.
It’s my weakness to expect truthful relationship. But once I was reminded that it’s also my strength.
she's golden rule, teaches school,
In that conversation he started out with "I don't think I love you". After awhile it was "I love you but I'm not happy". Then it was "I love you but I'm scared, no one has ever depended on me, I need to be alone". I know he's not in a good place... I know he loves me. This was COMPLETELY out of the blue. We had just gotten back the day before from an AMAZING camping trip where we both had a fantastic time, laughing much of the time in the middle of nowhere, just us. Had what I consider the best sex of our relationship. The night before this all happened HE was the one saying "I love you" FIRST on the phone (we had had a small disagreement about something and I was being quiet...he kept repeating "I love you" till I said it back). Now he won't even say I love you.
Recipe:
He expands on how to apply this rule on the continuum of soft magic to hard magic, just like in SF there is the continuum of soft science to hard science. He uses Spiderman, Gandalf, and Harry Potter as specific examples but also mentions several authors who have approached magic in ways differently from himself, yet he still enjoys reading their stories.
So, sweet and juicy going down, followed by a drying, slightly peppery bitterness and a toasted finish. Another one that won't blow you away, but it's certainly a nice one to have a few of on a night. I think I still like it.
That's the basic gist of the story, but De Palma tries to dress it up with his use of multiple styles. Unfortunately, the result is an interminable mess. De Palma's asides with a group of French documentarians parody stuffy, emptily moralistic war docs, the camera slowly zooming in and out on soldiers' faces as the orchestral arrangement of "Sarabande" from Barry Lyndon plays. At least, I assume it's a parody; these segments are so tedious that De Palma must be making fun of such films, but his target is unclear. Likewise, we see various YouTube clips of terrorists sneaking bombs under the clueless eyes of the Americans, or of newscasts showing angry Iraqis swearing vengeance for what has happened to them. Everyone knows what the Americans are doing, but no one will listen.
Part III is an AP Quiz worth 20 points. It’s not online.
The 'charge is based on the loss incurred by us.’ This claim is absolutely baffling. What loss?? The author pays Elm Publishing to publish their book, then charges them for returned books it claims ‘can not (sic) be delivered, because they are destroyed in the wholesale network to keep the costs low.” To keep whose costs low? – It certainly is not the authors. They are paying for books pulped at the distributors!
Step 9. Remove your clear soap from the double boiler and let cool. You are now ready to pour your clear melted soap into the molds. Pour slowly, to cover and surround the pieces. Let sit and harden for 12 hours.
In my head, my job has never been my number one priority. God, husband, kids, self, intentional family, and so on are the items floating back and forth, up and down in that top 5 bracket. But I was living my life as if my job was a top priority as well as keeping my heartfelt priorities at the top, too. No wonder I was so stressed and worn out and frustrated and cranky!
Lydia Estelle Bravo, 50, Dunellen, N.J.
327Present the cross before my lifted eye,
The farmer asked, "What ya goin' to do with him?"
Cook until the pears are soft but not mushy and remove from the heat.
I move closer and Moon runs up to be patted on the head by one of the men standing outside within the ring of fog.
In one 12-pack, we got 11 cans of orangeade plus one can of….
This is, no doubt, due to my own upbringing in a WASP, Canadian family.
In addition to creating this card this weekend, I also completed next week's BBTB2 challenge project (which I cannot wait to share with you) and I used my YuDu and printed fall napkins. I will share more on the YuDu project tomorrow - and yes, I actually used the cricut to create the YuDu project!!
Matthew, thank you for your contribution to a free and independent nonduality. I like how you go outside the box to find artists and others to feature on your site. I feel that’s important because it can be easy to interview only the current crop of accepted nondual personalities. So keep up the good work and thank you for inviting me to appear on your website.
What kind of poetry do you write? I write eclectically. I’m drawn to short form, but I can spin a yarn now and then. I love to play with words and syllabic forms; I break the rules more often than not. Tillie Olsen’s “triple life” is something that I struggle with and try to explore ways of describing. Poetry is a way of existing.
And Hemingway’s book, A Moveable Feast! I thought it was endlessly fascinating to read about the way he and his fellow writers and artists lived during that time. I couldn’t turn the pages fast enough!
Waiting in line at the Castro theater
At “Sofia’s” usual Chinese restaurant, Mi Roo is about to dig into the food when Joon stops her. Before she takes a bite, he needs to know what she thinks about his book. She finds it moving, especially the part when Miss Jo’s identity was revealed to the public.
Very respectfully yours,
Theologians and Christians who wish to deepen their faith “cannot count on just their intelligence, but must cultivate a profound experience of faith at the same time,” he said.
Another way of seeing the two is the number of theatres screening the movies. Avatar has over 3,000 theatres domestically, while The Hurt Locker, well, you’re lucky to catch it before it disappears from its limited release. The DVD is out, so that really helps if you want to see it before the Awards night.
78. Made a parent cry? - Yes. Usually over some sort of card I wrote for them, or a poem, or something like that.
SIMPLE....EASY...SWEET ...!
Faribault’s connection to the fur trade and Native Americans stretches back to its founding by fur trader Alexander Faribault, the son of a French-Canadian fur trader and a Dakota woman. Faribault traded with Native Americans in the area. Later he would be involved in negotiating land treaties between the government and the Dakota.
He was persecuted and recanted but it still stands as an example of how we can become homogenous again safe from imported gang murders, muggings and Muslim bomb attacks.Civilisation is created by effort and genius and must be renewed daily but is being undermined by our rulers for a new world order. Through studying history we learn that civilisations decline and fall when they become decadent and the people indulgent, as in Egypt and Rome which is why history is being phased out of state education. People expect the state to solve their problems and spoiling them makes them dependent for not only material needs but their beliefs which are provided by the media and opinion formers so they become decadent and indulgent. Discrimination against us is presented as moral superiority - affirmative action. We who have emotionally bonded with our people and territory and belong here are being dispossessed by our rulers for unrealistic hopes of one world and those they brought here as cheap labour. It takes totalitarianism to make disparate groups unite and our lives are being increasingly regulated. A hospital visit needs a password and our confidential relations with our G.P.s have been destroyed now that our personal medical histories are put on a national database. We are becoming state property.The “Enlightened” ruling and cultural elites try to dismiss our views as prejudice but when examined their views are rationalisations of their prejudice in favour of other ethnic groups.
hooray it was all over 3-0 to beer.
Prepare yourself to see the unseen as you’ve never seen it before.
In the last couple of weeks, I have seen two conflicting reactions to the book. The first was a review on amazon.com, which Ros emailed to me (I make it an iron rule never to look at Amazon reviews or rankings so had missed it).
Isis cleared her throat. “I don’t know what Nigel has told you about us, but let me assure you, friends don’t do what he and I do.” Isis smiled coyly, waiting for a response from Rayna, but she offered nothing, not even a change in her facial expression.
Other - Nesties and Cuttlebug used to cut image/number mats. Slice used to cut out numbers/letters. Letters and numbers covered with Glossy Accents, numbers then covered with glitter. Gems from stash and positioned with Bazzill Basics Jewel templates. Flowers cut with MS punch.
The streets of Buenos Aires were totally empty today after 11 PM. I met up with a local porteno to visit Puerto Madero, the beautifully renovated old trading port of Buenos Aires, where giant cranes lifting goods from ships to warehouses and back still stand dockside as historical relics. Old ships with their canons (to fend off those pesky pirates of the high seas) have permanently docked to double as museums. The magnificent Puenta de la Mujer, an elegant pedestrian bridge in the shape of a harp, connects the two sides of the water. The entire Puerto was *totally* deserted, we had all of it to ourselves.
Almighty God, you have revealed to your Church your eternal Being of glorious majesty and perfect love as one God in Trinity of Persons: Give us grace, that like your bishop Gregory of Nazianzus, we may continue steadfast in the confession of this faith, and constant in our worship of you, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit; for you live and reign for ever and ever. Amen.
When the first world war broke out, R. HaKohen Kook was caught outside Israel, where he had to spend the war in London and Switzerland until 1918. In 1916 he became rabbi for the Mahzike HaDat in Brick Lane, London, and upon returning to Palestine, he became the rabbi for Jerusalem until 1921, where he became the chief rabbi for the Ashkenazi Jews in Palestine.
Italy has faced a fresh wave of attacks in the last six months since Monti took office as prime minister and introduced a harsh austerity package to save the country from bankruptcy. The three-year austerity and growth package includes budget cuts, pension reforms as well as tax hikes worth 30 billion euros.
Highlights of visit: Very clean and spacious enough even for those of us with sharp pointy elbows. Excellent Niagara-esque flush ability.
On Election Day in Norway, all sales of liquor are closed. Beer, wine, etc. All closed.
1415 D-III/1/2002. “ ‘Is This So’? Stephen Protomartyrus and the Bibles We Have Known.” First Friday Lecture Series, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois.
Thank you for reading and commenting, you make me so happy :)
Rock 'n' Roll Grrrl by Ditch Bank Okies
well as domestic and
Looking to get a bus going for next season running through Airdrie & Coatbridge.
My mom, for example, thinks she has the ability to make me call her because sometimes when she thinks of me, I do call her. But I call her all the time, and she probably thinks about me often. She just remembers when the two overlap and forgets all the times she thinks of me and I don’t call, or all the times I do call and she wasn’t thinking of me. Selective memory and confirmation bias.
Now we've been introduced to someone called The Brothers. I must confess to having no memory at all of this, a sort of pop-reggae thing. Still, the drummer has a cuddly toy on his drum kit, so they at least have something going for them.
A year after his debut artist album, Guillaume Duchastel de Montrouge, aka DJ W!LDreintroduces the world to his raw and groovy sound for his second album, ‘Dirty’. A more straight up honest affair, this concoction of late night jacking cuts hypnotise with clever use of sampling – a nod to his penchant for hip hop – vintage feel and well carved beats.
Azon Bird = 9-Nijon Bird + Jucan Bird (Change Maker of Time-Zime Realisation)
Of course, the downside is that I am falling way behind in new releases. Lourdes, The Art of the Steal, the 1980 and '83 installments of the Red Riding trilogy (the '74 episode is gripping and devastating stuff, I must say), Green Zone, the aforementioned Bong, Bellocchio and Baumbach films—all of these as yet unwatched by me. In previous years, this might have vexed me; these days, though, I shrug my shoulders and take them in stride. Hey, I see what I can. (Not everyone can go to free press screenings, you know.)
I know that some of you are ready because you've told me. Others of you may be thinking about it and I'm hoping that today's post will get you to thinking a bit harder about it. And then some of you may be thinking, "What's a Blogging From A to Z Challenge anyway?"
These images are being sold as pieces of art. BevShots, based in Tallahassee Florida, is a good place to start shopping for these colorful pictures.
May 10 - Mia Amber Davis, model/actress (Road Trip), 36
The biggest lie is the one told when the political scum oozes out of that repository of treachery and deceit beside Parliament Square and claim that the multi-racial experiment being imposed upon the descendants of those who died in the world wars, or in the case of the second war, upon those who survived it in their old age, somehow represents the spirit and principle for which they fought, it does not.
All kinds of posts are welcome--whether it's about your family, a craft project,
They say that, unlike dogs, cats can’t show emotions via facial expressions. After viewing the contempt in his face that’s shown in this picture, I challenge anyone to agree with that contention.
friends.
So now, with Episode Thirteen of my favorite handmade web comic, we will see what happens when we add in a little bit of a threat to our square hero and his world where everything is too small and fragile for him to even look at the wrong way.
I thought I’d share a little photo montage of what I’ve been up to the past few days in terms of working out.
This will hopefully help you to get along and I hope that our groups might offer each other support, trade, and friendship… by the way, I know that kid is only worth a warm beer so don’t try to hussle me.
Haunting mid-tempos chasing up a heavy beat with bass driven insanity on the first intro of ‘Ready to Fall’ is quite exciting to say the least. With the high speed picking and wah effects this song musically is extraordinary, add to that then the vocal passages between the growling and chorus based gentler ranges and you have so many great elements and modulations going on here. With the body moving tempos and beats you get through the tracks you are always going for a good ride with this.
So, my dear Overwhelmingly Abundant Yet Remarkable Idiots, I warn thee. I will go all Shawshank on ‘dat ass. I mean it. Don’t make me teach you a lesson.
From the Flower of Nature
I like odd things. When you get to know me you find out the little bits and pieces that make me tick!
“He has instructed the authorities to bring 20 excavators so that the dead bodies of those who have been buried by the floods can be recovered,” Bishwadeep Pandey, personal secretary to the premier, told AFP.
Bear your resemblance
Basically, the earlier you start the better your chance of getting the internship because a) you’ll do a better job on the application process and b) some companies fill up places as they go, meaning if you start an application the night before the chances of there being places left is slim. Also, it’s generally a bad idea to try and apply to 15 different programs by copying and pasting the same answer of each. The companies will know you’ve done it and you’re better off targeting your energies to a handful of places and making a good job of applying.
and said goodbye,
Catelynn: "Okay, mom."
By this standard, philanthropy and nonprofits have solidly achieved the industrial state. Three recent pieces on the consulting businesses that serve philanthropy and nonprofits caught my attention. The Chronicle of Philanthropy ran this piece, noting some of the bigger name firms. It also noted that the services these organizations provide used to be offered up pro bono. Now they are lines of business or entire firms unto themselves.
It is the offensive side of intelligence agencies that are the most developed, the most organised, the most sophisticated, - and for obvious reasons, also the most cunning and the most secret. The true nature of their offensive techniques, and the high level of sophistication involved, are NEVER, and I repeat - NEVER, made known to the general populace. This is why I never report on matters related to the so-called leaks of WikiLeaks, as the info they share with the general populace is useless and outdated - (Click here to view a previous article on this blog related to WikiLeaks).
2 random
And it's getting nearer
In a novel of this length, if there are six different characters who can’t help but proclaim the ugliness of Jane, we can only imagine how very ugly she must be. In real life, no one goes around telling ugly people they are not the prettiest people around. Since the novel is in Jane’s voice, these critical people are speaking to her face or within earshot that she needs a new face and a new body. How many times have you told someone you are not related to they were ugly? We uglies know we are ugly because no one’s ever told us we look good.
The movie, itself, is a wild ride that can quite possibly leave you feeling like you just came out of a “K-hole.” Written and directed by Fenton Baily and Randy Barbato who also brought you the documentary of the same name, it is a colorful depiction of an otherwise, foggy experience for those involved.
The Mint Julep Jars shown above, are actually just party favors with Junior Mints inside. A real Mint Julep is a very strong, very traditional Southern drink held up in cheers while, “My Old Kentucky Home” plays before the race starts. They are served in chilled silver julep cups filled to the rim with bourbon, simple syrup, fresh mint and crushed ice, an absolute must for a Derby party!
Apparently I've been a bit absorbed for the last week or so, with the Toys for Troops event. We just don't have a clear idea of how much money we have to work with, and how far we have to spread it, until we get closer to the big day. A lot of the work comes on a tight deadline, leaving me under a bit of pressure for the last week, trying to focus on all of the last minute tidbits. I was up until midnight or later for the last 10 days before the event.
Similarly, the recommendations of AOOIFI and the IFSB are not binding in the case of a dispute between two bodies over shariah compliance. Malaysia has broken new ground in appointing a national shariah board with the power to make binding recommendations — but at present there has been little indication that other countries will follow suit. A national shariah board may be more practical in Islamic countries, but it’s hard to imagine the UK government, for instance, endorsing a national shariah committee.
The show is at its best when we as viewers are implicated in the space. Mora’s work is close to what Bonsai accomplishes. His sculptures are pruned and kept as tight as possible, not being small just to be small, but expand the real space of the gallery and more importantly the gallery’s narrative space. When you are in front of a Mora sculpture, your eyes focus and you become bound up in a constructed moment with generous rewards.
A Dog Named Christmas ... Hallmark Channel ... 4 AM
When we broke that magic connection I sighed. After sitting and savoring the sensation that was wrapping around me for a few minutes, we got up and walked home, hand in hand. The streets were quiet. The only sound was coming from the patio of theInnon the corner near the park, where a guitar player sang plaintively of places traveled, loves lost and time gone by. We walked silently by, trying to avoid thinking of our own loss and time past.
Oh MSFs how I've come to love thee. I wasn't one to bother with highlighting, but ever since I got Laura Mercier's Illuminator I've become a bit obsessed. The natural progression led me to MAC's Mineralize Skinfinishes. While there are many many MSFs, most are limited edition. There are two in the core collection, one of which being Soft and Gentle.
While my little guy up there is already dressed to settle in with his winter reading list, I thought I would share my autumn reads.
This area has turned into a sort-of wishing pond for tourists.
But I didn't because on one of our daily outings - last Thursday - he led me into the woods at Overton Park on his own. And then Sunday he surprised me again.
The verse is followed by another guitar/bass riff, starting with the same descending third heard in the opening riff but transposed up a major third (C# down to A). The riff then involves a higher F in a descending line moving down to the low F, showing us now that these notes are actually spelling out an augmented chord (F, A, C#, F). The last two bars of this three-bar riff are actually the same two bars that were heard at the beginning of the song, thus setting up the second verse in the same manner as the first.
I love how they have paired the opalescent blue with the gold motif. It looks quite striking and classy. It is sure to get someones attention with the beautiful colors.
What a true word! What we worship, we become–even when we worship God! And what danger, because when we worship a false, a broken, an imperfect image of God, those imperfections themselves get imprinted on our faith. Do you believe God is cruel and harsh? You are likely to be cruel and harsh. Do you believe God is unforgiving? You are likely to be unforgiving yourself. Do you believe God is an abstraction of power? You are likely to find yourself worshipping power in all its forms. Do you think God is love (in such a way that you could also say “love is God”)? Then your faith will be all sentiment, and no cross.
- We post our challenges every Friday at 12:00pm AEST (AEDT during Daylight Savings).
Psionic: Psionicists must maintain constant focus to keep the winds working as they wish so a Psionicist must spend an action every turn to maintain it or the power will cease.
By His grace, I have made spending time with Him a habitual practice over my years of being a Christian. My life is a living testimony that He fulfills His purposes through our lives when we make Him our highest Treasure. As we spend time with Him, He reveals to us the desires of His heart...and they become our own desires. He reveals to us His plans and purposes and then allows us to walk in them. The great and mighty One accomplishes His will through our weak and broken lives simply because we lay ourselves before Him day after day.
The kitchen had a big open fire, that heated the boiler. It was nice to sit on the warm lid of the boiler and stir the porridge, cooking in a pot suspended from a big chain. They had cows, so they made their own butter - Wilma learned to make it in a glass churn, but sometimes her father yoked the horse up to a horse-churn, which wasn't such hard work, though it must have needed the watchful eye of the housewife to make sure the butter came right.
My daughter is almost twelve and like all “tween” girls she is lacking direction in certain areas. Becoming increasingly frustrated with the fact that she doesn’t listen to me at all, I decided that I would capitalize on her love of reading to get my point across on certain key issues. So, a couple of nights ago she and I headed out to C & W Used Books to get a couple of publications that deal with tween issues. As we were exiting the “Drama & Angst” section, the fruit of my loins asked if I was getting any literature for my own personal growth, seeing as the Adult “Self-Help Section” was housed next to the tween “Drama & Angst” section (go figure).
It's been fun so far!
Mother Earth says here that without All-Attractive Krishna everything else that was once good becomes lamentable and pathetic. Morality is fruitless without the All-Attractive center. The higher and lower gods and ancestors are not worthy of worship nor have they any real power to bestow benedictions without the All-Attractive center. The sciences of sages become tangential, blurred and misled; the pursuit of saintliness is meaningless; the responsibilities of the stages of material and spiritual development (varnasrama) are hollow without the All-Attractive center, Sri K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a.
Should I? or should I not?
Herzog asks one of the archeologists why the cave artist made these drawings, was he perhaps like us moderns, and the archeologist answered with the cliché about the desire to communicate with the future. The answer to Herzog’s question, I think, is yes, the cave artist was like us in his confrontation with his own consciousness. His worldview, like everybody else’s at the time, blurred the line between reality and dream, between thought and action, between wish and deed, between the subjective and the objective, and between the image and the concrete thing. We still do this. The guy with the crooked little finger was probably terrified by his ability to conjure such images of reality with his charcoal stick. We are not so terrified any more. We have developed techniques that allow us to squarely look at the workings of our imagination, our ability to create symbols and images that manipulate the behavior of our fellow humans, who still can’t tell the difference between thought and reality, between the subjective and the objective, etc. We are now looking at how our minds invent “reality.” The guy with the little finger got us started on that path.
When Pete Marley looks at submissions, he views them from the eyes of a child. Is it easy to understand? Is it accessible enough? There should be a story arc, and a strong ending. He loves to see a type symmetry in the story, e.g. when the beginning and the end happen in the same place (it would be like the story has come round full circle). The text does not have to rhyme - in fact, it is more difficult to sell it internationally if it rhymes.
Thanks for playing along with the 4 Crafty Chicks!
The general idea of the Freakin’ Green Elf Shorts Caption Competition is to post a photo of yourself on your blog, wearing The Shorts. Whoever comes up with the best caption wins The Shorts.
Same-ole, same-ole. Bland.
* Spirituality and Cultural Identity
As you may know, it's Beadblogger Sunday. These talented folks create joy through their creativity every day!
I am considering making a series of these ready-to-go centers with directions, a worksheet for practice and/or a grade, and a game to match for partners or independent practice, and the whole nine yards. Do you think people would want this? I am off to get a good night’s sleep! Have a great week!
The paper dragon is trying to sharpen its claws, putting on some muscle and learning how to fight. China now has hundreds of modern warplanes, a growing fleet of nearly-modern warships and modern equipment for many of its ground troops. But there are still a lot of corrupt officers, at all levels. It’s not just the stealing; it’s also the many officers who don’t make the extra effort. There’s also a lack of recent combat experience, which eliminates the possibility of getting the best officers promoted and worst ones killed off or pushed to the side.
Both shirts as you can see say “Running Wild”, I thought this a fair tribute to the kick butt group of MN Running Wild who has been an awesome support system for the past year or so. I mean talk about an inspiring group of people! Crazy positive all the time and always encouraging each other. Again…this is love.
Waiting on Le Boulevard de Clichy for this little train
It's play-off weekend for Noah's soccer league. He had two games today (they won both) and at least one tomorrow. If they win the game tomorrow it looks like they will be in the finals.
El Fin
I’ve written about my androgynous doctor before. I’ll lead with ‘she’ in the she/he because I’m 87% sure she/he is a ‘she.’ I don’t want to put her name here, but it is indeed one like ‘Pat,’ immortalized on Saturday Night Live ages ago – a name that works for both women and men. There is that sizable element of doubt that no matter how much I stare and look for signs of say, boobies or balls, it just isn’t possible to tell with the naked eye. She/he is a large person. Bigger than me which puts her/him at about 6’-3” and a little chunky making it impossible to tell if she/he has small woman boobs or big man-boobs. She/he has spiked short hair and wears male dress shirts with cheap jeans. She/he wears earrings and wire-framed glasses. She/he has a deep female voice or a feminine sounding male voice.
And apparently, most of my posts have a disclaimer of some kind, lol.
Funds maintains a crucial spot in your lifetime. From time to time insufficient required income making you cannot pay out even your interim requires. In the meantime, your problematic credit rating creates your complaint additional deteriorate. But here without the need of credit check payday cash advances have presented you a chance to fulfill your short-term requires with financial angle. Together with the payday cash advances, you get recognition because of the energy and rewards. This can help to people acquiring adverse credit report.
Today is May Day. I think you are suppose to leave flowers on someone's doorstep. And try to get away before they catch you. If they do catch you leaving them flowers, you get a kiss.
I felt the pains of growing up through the sad and cowardice lyrics that filled the ‘ALIVE’ album.
You asked … is she a rebel?
Another preorder began, this time for album-inspired fragrances from Black Phoenix Alchemy Lab. You can take a guess at how backed up and screwed that became. Fool me once… Needless to say, I didn’t bother, and am glad for it.
The example of the implementation of Singleton in Java you can see on the slide.
- I love Paris
ARDC Individual Attorney Record of Public Registration and Public Disciplinary and Disability Information as of December 31, 2009 at 1:23:34 PM:
If for no other reason than to ask, “where did all the population come from?” They were all gay immigrants, presumably, begat by parents left behind in other places that were heteroesexual? I think not.
"Oh, then you just cross the border," he says, like it's nothing.
This Blueberry Coverall has a small Imagine Smart Fit Prefold under it. These generously sized covers fit suprisingly well on a small baby. The extra leg gussets also contain messes well! And just a sidenote, this particular cover was originally purchased for my now 4 year old when he was 1 1/2! This is the third child to wear it! :)
To Bake Blind
With help you have more time to spend in God’s presence. With help you have more time to do what you are graced to do (write, teach, study, prepare sermons, sit and listen to God speak to you, sing, meditate, paint, organize, etc.), to glorify God.
Right now I’m rocking my recently acquired Grateful Dead purse. Before that I had a red pleather purse, because I love the color red. I also have a messenger bag which I LOVE and it even says “love” on it in a hippie-ish fabric with a dove for the “o.” I use it to carry my laptop and my writer’s portfolio because, you know, I’ve got to look as if I know what I’m doing with this whole freelance thing. They are the biggest purses I’ve ever owned, and sadly, I carry them mostly empty.
As members of The Book Guild, I hope you will comment on this post to get the conversation going. Feel free to talk about Journal Spilling if you have a copy. And if you have created any journal pages or artwork based on Diana's book projects, please leave a link in the comments so we can all see.
Hope you enjoy the lesson and send comments that were every bit as good as the ones Northwood students sent us.
We decided to make it in pink only and not with black lining showing through.
Blessed. We are so very blessed.
Upon reaching the destination, the PRC passenger refused to pay the taxi driver and started to attack him. He then got into the taxi and drove off hitting the cleaner at the driveway in front of the Budget Terminal moments later. The 34 year old cleaning supervisor Chandra Mogan from Malaysia was on duty that morning. His family is in Johor and he’s said to have four children, with the youngest about four months old.
Hurrah for Mrs M and her list of infinite invention. I am a fussy bugger to buy for when it comes to Christmas and birthdays - yet on every occasion she comes up with some kind of wonderful.
Sometimes, when transferring birthday dates into a new diary, I can barely remember who some of the people are but, if I were ever to meet them again, I would be able to impressively know when their birthdays are.
I love the alliterative enjoyment of language that makes this book a joy to read out loud. I suspect that only Malachy Doyle could make a list of instructions read as poetry without adding a single fuss or literary frill!
That’s when I threw in my shovel and scrambled after her. I hurriedly mixed a fresh drink of Mango Lassi, hoping to distract her before she took it upon herself to shed light on any more cupboards and closets.
And Paul Wagenseil quotes Mikko Hypponen and Jonathan Zdziarski in response to Eugene Kaspersky’s observation that Apple is ten years behind Microsoft in security terms. Oddly, I’ve been asked three times for media comment on that, but none of it has appeared. If you’re interested in my opinion, you may have to wait until I put it up here. Which I rather think I will, some time this week.
Everything that I used for the recipe can be seen above. I made sure to get pure pressed juice that didn't have any preservatives as this doesn't agree with the yeast too well apparently. It wasn't that much expensive than the concentrate so all was fine there.
After a scrumptious dinner, some of the "elder" friends went home (and I do say that lovingly... it was their choice!) while the rest of us went to my (as you already know) FAVORITE entertainment venue, Shadowbox Cabaret. My loving Hubs had a wonderful surprise for me... CHER! Yes, CHER came out and sang a version of the song "Do You Believe in Love"... with a few birthday twists, of course. (S)he was HOT, man! HOT! Here's a photo as proof. Cher!!
For projects on client sites, I am using TFS 2010 setup with continuous integration.
"Set a guard, O LORD, over my mouth;
CHICKEN KIEV – 34.00
“You now have privilege! That means you are a worthless, expendable piece of shit, to be used and disposed of by more powerful women and all men. Your feelings, thoughts, actions and indeed your life have absolutely no value outside what others can use them for. That is the cost of your privilege. Shut the fuck up and pay it.”
Using events that happened before you were born as sources of bragging rights or disappointment
2 tsps of lemon juice
I think not, my reputation’s soiled;
If you are interested in purchasing this watercolour painting (420 x 297 mm/16.5 x 11.7 in, framed and mounted, £75), or want to see a larger photo, contact me on poeticoxana@gmail.com
Sometimes you drive the road.
Blurb: A lively book illustrated with archival photos, Secrets of Lake Simcoe is a valuable addition to local history collections and provides a refreshing way for anyone to view what some consider to be Canada’s sixth Great Lake. At the heart of central Ontario, Lake Simcoe has played an important role in the province’s history for hundreds of years. Today a popular destination for pleasure-seekers and cottagers, it helped open up the region to explorers and fur traders, settlers and entrepreneurs. The lake has secrets aplenty and this book offers a selection of stories of dramatic episodes from the lake’s past. There are shipwrecks, stately resorts, vanished industries, forgotten forts and even murder most foul.
The Mentor/Shadow program should be obvious – in a country this large we need to develop as many top level coaches in every discipline that we can across the nation. I would even look to develop Regional Coaches Directories, along with Regional Coaching Development Programs that put coaches like John Smith, Alberto Salazar, Bobby Kersee, and Dick Booth together with their peers to exchange information/techniques. This should be mandatory for all coaches who want to work on international programs – because we want to replicate their success, we want as many athletes as possible benefiting from their knowledge. Similarly the Athlete Referral program would take elite athletes and put them in touch with coaches that can help shore up their weaknesses. For example, while a Walter Dix has his own coach, he (and his coach) could be referred to Jon Drummond for analysis and tweaking of his start mechanics. Again, without disrespect to their personal coaches, acceptance of referrals should almost be a mandatory component of competing on international teams. As we want those athletes competing in the Red, White and Blue competing at their absolute maximum potential.
The vitriol and hatred flying from the "non-parents" at the "parents" was insane. I might say from the dog-owning to the child-owning, but that's really not what the tenor of the comments were. The tenor seemed to be that children should, as Mark Twain said, be put in a barrel and fed through a bung-hole until 18. I am more used to seeing this type of open and semantically veiled hatred from misogynists and racists but clearly I haven't been reading enough.
The power of this narrative thread is even more significant when it comes to presenting history to children. We talk to kids about basic facts and important people in order to give them a foundational understanding of a historical event. Not only do these necessary simplifications demand a strong narrative to make them understandable (and interesting), they also blur facts that may complicate or confuse that narrative. As a result of this blurring, historical figures in children’s books are usually not real people. Instead they represent clearly defined values or ideas that support the direction of the narrative. In many respects, this makes stories told about, for example, the Founding Fathers very close in form to ones told about the gods and goddesses of Mt. Olympus.
But then he goes from harsh truth to complete delusion:
and daughter, along with their various off-spring in attendance. Some of us too are starting to feel the slow advancement of the years, with the odd age-related aliment beginning to crop up
“Yeah, well, you know since High School
This last bit, of course, is not good news. So I lied: I ended up with more bad news. But there is hope as long as there is any good news to report amidst the reams of bad news — at least as it is perceived by those who worry about the planet we are supposed to care for.
Then I stopped by to see a friend who lives in Long Beach. We walked his dog, grabbed a bite to eat (it ended up all over my hands and clothes--but was so good) and looked at vacation pictures. And it just keeps on going--next week a girlfriend from college (who I haven't seen in years) is coming up with her girls and we're going to the Observatory. And I have plans to see Eat Pray Love and probably Winter's Bone with another couple friends. Lots of fun going on here. But not a lot of picture taking. Sorry about that!
Ms Learoyd added: “Fostering is a great way for people to have the enjoyment of being around youngsters whilst helping us out in the short-term. Just like teenagers, these young horses need experience of life, a day to day routine and a guiding hand. Being a fosterer is a really rewarding experience. You can see these youngsters’ personalities change and develop as they grow.”
You are required to do study on things like what amount of competition will come up, whether the market is saturated or not, what do consumers of this market look into, etc. Knowing the environment in which you think your business and you will be functioning, will be helpful in equipping your business with necessary tools that are required to make online business success.
Just to see that smile light up your face
Well let me say this Londoners...suck it up. I feel no sympathy for you at all. When I was a 19 year old squaddie in a platoon of 30 facing 10,000 rampaging, looting, violently murderous black people or, to be culturally correct, the underprivileged, who would quite happily chop me into little pieces with their panga's (machete's), YOU were campaigning for their equal rights. YOU were imposing sanctions on us. YOU were screaming how they were equal on the social ladder and YOU were telling us how ALL men are equal.
Callie caught between
Wrap each piece loosely in a piece of aluminum foil. Place the foil packets in a steamer and steam for 30 minutes. If you are making more than 4 packets, you might want to do this in batches so the steamer isn’t too crowded and each packet has room to expand. When the steaks cool, transfer them to the refrigerator for at least an hour but preferably, overnight in a container.
2. How do you take your coffee/tea?
see you on November 14 and 15 at the Global Pinoy Bazaar. Suportahan natin ang likhang Pilipino. :)
Escape from the Planet of the Apes is second only to the original in critical praise. For this, I am baffled. It is not the worst of the bunch. That would be tomorrow’s installment. But the continuity errors and silly attempt to place Cornelius and Zira into modern society was just too much for me. It is just too much of a radical departure from the previous films for me to get behind.
In addition, it is not uncommon for a male’s sexual identity to go through some changes with age. Once a driving force in their lives, sex might become less of a priority or simply less frequent because it is not as enjoyable or an erection isn’t easily attainable.
2. Place the styrofoam in the container, then insert the lollipop sticks into the foam, leaving a few inches in between the sticks to make room for the cones. (You can insert the sticks in neat rows or in a random configuration – whichever you prefer!)
“Good-looking, smart, well-loved kid?”
Yesterday I made a field trip to hell. Not sure what I’m on about? I’ll tell you.
Not far from this purple are the two lilac trees whose purple blooms are still quite tightly budded. In fact, I'm becoming hopeful that unless we get a few really warm weeks here while we're gone, these lilacs might even save some of their scented beauty for my return.
Ok Tribe, Mom here again. As you guys blog about outfits, what music to listen to and how to stay pretty when you run… I’m just frustrated!!!
The Lamb of God foreseen from the beginning and spoken of in the Garden of Eden ” was not actually slain much before 33 CE. But his glory was praised by all the holy prophets who, through the Holy Spirit, preached of the coming of Messiah “in the flesh”. Jesus his coming “in the flesh” was the actual beginning of the work for which “the Lamb” indeed was slain.
Carefully break open a few Oreos and remove the icing with a knife. Replace it with a thin layer of white toothpaste and put the cookies back together. Leave them right at the opening of the package for the cookie monster who will be unable to resist their favorite sandwich cookie.
The enjoyment factor of this show… it may not have been obvious throughout the review, but I fucking loved watching this show. It is easily the best ‘so bad it’s good’ thing I’ve watched in a long, long while. The trainwreck attraction of this was absolutely glorious, you just don’t get one on this scale like ever. The awful characters, the nonsensical plot, the contrived twists, all of it combined to make Guilty Crown outstandingly hilarious. Adding to the big joke that is this series is just how high profile it was – the staff lineup, the budget, the studio, the fact that it’s a noitaminA series airing over two seasons, which so rarely happens with noitaminA, it looked so set to be a massive, massive thing and seeing it fail this fucking hard was absolutely hilarious. I’m glad I got to watch it as it aired, and I’m sad to see it go because I’ll never get to see something as bad as Guilty Crown in this way for a long, long time.
The last two days I have had post scheduled for first thing in the morning. The last two days I have come home from work and there they sit still saying scheduled. I'm going to try this again and hope that it's posted when it's supposed to.
And now, nearly 17 years later, I can still hear grandpa’s laughter, still smell grandma’s coffee, still shiver at the memory of how cold those rivers were. Their little hut is forever etched in my memory.
This month i have a 2- year scrapping celebreation.
We know that the English people, the great majority do not want to pay ”useless” (i would say helpless) people.
Card Number 1 is for the Outlawz Sunday CAS challenge with a floral theme.
It's a lot of Chinese, a lot of Japanese and a lot of Korean. We looked at costumes from the V&A collection. We photographed them completely flat as garments. We printed these images on fabrics and then heat cut the fabric into contemporary clothes, by placing the shape of the kimonos and the dragon curls from China all in a different way so that sometimes the seam of the coat becomes the shape of the dress. We just completely replaced all the elements. That's what we wanted to obtain - the beauty of the fabrics but on contemporary clothes.
I am pretty sure I know what caused mine. Well kind of.... I have it narrowed down and probably all of them together did it.
I had a very short, yet special season as an interim care mom for my adoption agency and got to love on 3 sweet angels until their forever families were found ... Here is a phrase I heard over and over again from people as they would OOOOHHHHH AND AAAAAAAAHHHHHH over these little babies I was holding and it was, "Oh, I could never do that because I wouldn't be able to give them up." ... I can only imagine how often full time foster moms here this and it struck me as odd that people would infer that they LOVE so much greater than a foster mom, so therefore they couldn't do that job ... When in reality it takes the act of SELFLESSNESS to give your life away to a child. To put their need for safety, love, food, and home over the pain that will come when they leave ... And foster parents do this over and over and over again ...
729 CARROLL STREET
The cruise was something that had to wait.
I honestly believe that my body was mourning the loss of my babies, even though my eyes and brain were telling me Gus and Jack were alive and maturing in the hospital. The impersonal whoosh-whoosh-whooshing of the double electric hospital grade breast pump was enough to extract the life-sustaining milk, but it was not enough to convince my empty chest and grieving heart that all was well.
We would all start laughing at this point because Sam always had a smile on his face when he cursed at us.
EARLY CHRISTOPHER 69, JENNIFER, 62, OF UK, 2010-07-16 murdered, Hibberdene Woodgrange smallholdings, KZN bludgeoned and dumped in crashed car.
5. Remove the pattern and iron the appliqué in place on the front of the house. Do this for the window, door, and house number, using the pattern as a guide for placement. DO NOT decorate your house below the line marked on the pattern, and remember to keep the iron away from any heat-sensitive trims!
To be shallow is not a sign of being wicked, nor is shallowness a sign that there are no deeps: the ocean has a shore. The shallow amenities of life, eating and drinking, walking and talking, are all ordained by God. These are the things in which Our Lord lived. He lived in them as the Son of God, and He said that “the disciple is not above his Master.”
Jennifer and Marsh are a couple that are FUN personified. Bright, cheery, crazy in love fun. No surprise, then, that their wedding was a fun-filled day that even a sudden rainstorm couldn’t dampen (the tent for the ceremony was great wedding insurance!! Having a wedding in May in a rainforest, you have to have weather back up).
Everything we tried was perfectly cooked and delicious, and we really loved the new seasonings and wood-fire grilled taste. Dan’s favorite dishes were the succulent Prime Rib, which was perfectly cooked, and the Wood-Fire Grilled Ribeye, which was juicy and extremely flavorful. I loved the Outback Special Signature Steaks, both classic and wood-fire grilled flavors. For dessert, we tried Classic Cheesecake and Carrot Cake, and got a very special treat, a sample of the new and amazingly delicious Chocolate Waffle, which is also made from scratch. Outback’s décor has also been changed with an updated and very classy look. We had a wonderful time, and now we like Outback even more after trying the new options.
(e) The Abusive Father, Mothers or Authority Figures : (Causing Harm) Ps 27:6-10.
To start them off on the right foot, I thought I’d ask my journalist friends on Facebook whether they could think of any common howlers a PR newbie might want to avoid.
History repeats itself; the Guardian reports: “The Greek president has summoned the leaders of the country’s three largest parties to a meeting on Sunday in a final attempt to forge a unity government and avoid another election.” However, that might not be the full story even if the report then goes on to point out that he will also be meeting with the leaders of the “fringe parties” and in the Greek press we can read that after meeting New Democracy’s Antonis Samaras, SYRIZA’s Alexis Tsipras and PASOK’s Evangelos Venizelos, he will then have separate meetings with the leaders of the other four parties in the new Parliament, Panos Kammenos of Independent Greeks, Aleka Papariga of the Communist Party, Nikos Michaloliakos of Golden Dawn and, Fotis Kouvelis of the Democratic Left.
The negative elite have hit bottom. What happens from here is anyone’s guess, but let us all hope for a quick surrender so that more lives are not lost.
Local initiative is stifled, most management effort is now directed into moving paperwork up and down the chain until a link across to the relevant national functional silo can be found. Intersilo buckpassing becomes an artform.
It’s a little like a training session I once attended. I was told this very effective thing that I still smile about today. It’s simply, when somebody is pointing at you, one finger points towards you and 3 point directly back at them… so whatever they’re shouting about, more of it is about them, not you…. try it sometime….
A few weeks ago we did have some snow, although January was far too disappointing in that aspect. :o)
barriers get invisible
A friend and I are planning on meeting weekly and have themed short story-writing nights. Could be fun, could be a total flop. Sounds fun. Worth a try. We’ll see. But I honestly just don’t write enough short stories. I should – they’re good practice – but I don’t. And I intend to change that. I have a lot of ideas already, which is a good sign.
Add the remaining egg mixture in 3 additions, scraping down the bowl after each addition, and beating for 2 minutes afterwards.
He delivered a blow to the green knight that sent him stumbling to the side, without any weapons to defend himself.
A snowman seemed to be the most popular play-doh creation (especially amongst the boys).
I met her in 1998 the day after my first horse had died. That is why I remember so clearly when she walked into my life.
Commenters to the site took issue because Gothamist makes frequent postings about "street artists" who in the opinion of the commenters are vandals themselves.
A few miles east of Taylor’s house, Tim Loop’s green two-story home, where he lives with his wife and two daughters, is also stuck behind the border wall. He agrees that the fence is not solving anything. Driving in his truck along the fence this week, he pointed out several places where scuffmarks suggested that people had recently climbed over. On one part of the fence not too far from his house, a torn shirt hung from the top of a pole.
Race Record: Starts: 11; 1st: 6; 2nd: 1; 3rd: 1 Win & Place Prize Money: £133,600
Specifically…
We are counseled to not be a sign seeking people, as this story is of seeking a sign...but I think there is wisdom in remembering that our Father is a God of miracles.
"You're not writing down what we have really eaten for dinner this week, are you?"
I am glad this BM got me try those recipes.
“And what of our livelihoods? Please help us,” Fuazan said. “How are we supposed to support ourselves now that we’ve been brought here?”
Winding across wide water, without sound.
It should have been a disaster. But luckily our friend Candy Gourlay, author of the fabulous Tall Story, came along and took command of the filming and directing. So it's thanks to Candy that we produced something reasonably coherent and - we hope - entertaining.
P.S. Compare with this story on Bet El's Ulpana neighborhood and I think you can see how straightforward this was. No schmaltz but the story with almost all-around balance with quotes from all angles.
OAA Testing: The next week’s OAA testing schedule is listed below. Remember that it is very important that students are in school on scheduled testing dates. I appreciate how hard that students and parents have worked to have students to school and on time during last week’s testing. Our attendance was wonderful!
His male perspective and wit drew me in!
In a large bowl combine greens, gouda, apple, and turkey. Serve plain or dressed with your favorite dressing!
Going Forward
Take no usury or interest from him, but fear your God, that your brother may live with you.
I must say for a change, I have found a blog whose navigation I actually like. As I mentioned earlier, the slide show widget is a nice one providing glimpses of the wonderful photos. The popular posts and archives provide another option. What I like best is the use of labels. The labels have been used creatively to create a species list. It provides a very useful reference for anyone looking to identify fauna. Related post and search widgets can give additional navigation options. But navigation is good as it is also. Beyond a certain point anymore of it might not add too much value.
How has the Holy Spirit developed your passion for Christ?
seek shelter on your land,
Interestingly enough, Void Rays are most potent in this skirmish, for two reasons. One, most Protoss units are huge anyway, so the Void Ray does not waste much firepower. And secondly, Protoss do not have great anti-air defense with just early ground units. In fact, one cheesy but potentially deadly strategy is to rush a Void Ray at the enemy Nexus. If your opponent is caught off-guard, you win. Sure, a couple of Stalkers will easily overpower a Void Ray, but if the enemy is massing Zealots and/or Photon Cannons, then the Void Ray works. Photon Cannons will beat Void Rays, but a Void Ray can simply go around the Cannons or, if the enemy is not careful with Pylon placement, it can destroy the Pylon powering the Cannons.
Apologies for the bad quality of the photograph, but my iPod camera is awful. As the title suggests, over the last few weeks I’ve been quilting against the clock. My nephew is due to be born in just over two weeks and this partly made quilt will be for him (or her if the scan was wrong).
The notice caused quite a stir in the media and online and The Irish Examiner was keen to find out how the people of Dublin felt about the ‘controversy’. So suitably…eh… inappropriately attired in a navy blue pyjama top and red tartan bottoms I donned my grey bathrobe, put on a newly acquired pair of pink slippers and took to the streets of the capital to ask around.
One thing is for sure: we have some mighty heroic people (who did not build the reactors...); firefighters.
We’re both excited, motivated and diligently writing. Yay.
- Adi Granth, ki Var Mahala I
“We are now running out of time, and the question now is not what is happening to the climate, but how bad will it be before the world starts doing enough?” ~ Jonathon Porritt
63. Got flowers for no reason
Today we will think about something else in this encounter between Elijah and God and that is; sometimes we must take care of physical needs before a spiritual encounter with God. Elijah had wandered into the desert; he needed rest, food, and water. God sent a messenger, or an angel, to bake a cake and to provide water and then instructed Elijah to, “Rise and eat.” Then the angel told him to eat again because the journey was going to be difficult.
And the calves, while not exactly upset with me, did give me the eye. They know that their “other” place provided them with shelter from the rain, and I don’t.
Unfortunately, according to her, she has no talent or is yet to find out her talent. Well, I believe she has and she sure has not discovered it yet. But where is it?
The commissioner, who
However, they were also playing like a bunch of goons. The hacks, the slashes, the taunts, the shots to the head, the tripping — it was unbelievable. Or, well, I guess not, considering the fact that the officials in these games have chosen to continually look the other way — until a crucial moment in the game, and then they would blatantly favour the Bruins.
Did anyone tell me?
Sure, clown fish can’t talk or widen their eyes for comic effect, but they can do cooler things, like switch genders.
Ultimately, the internet, television and social networking were tools to be used by the Tunisians who took to the streets. Internet revolutions are a work in progress that began in Belgrade. In 1998 Slobodan Milosevic, the president of Yugoslavia, banned the opposition radio station B-92. Its journalists used the internet and servers in Amsterdam to get their stories out. Two years later the Milosevic regime was brought down by a popular uprising.
Congressman Dana Rohrabacher (CA-46)
LC
Fairfield, NJ 07004
Tomás is a Visual Arts student aiming for Concept Art. He draws, writes, plays games and turns junk into other stuff among other things. You can see some of his works at tomsp.tumblr.com.
The information given in this book is quite useful to those who feel at a loss when watching a loved one go through cancer. The fact that it is written by a former cancer patient makes it that much more meaningful. This is someone who has been there and knows what is really helpful and what isn't. She was fortunate enough to have friends and family who seemed to have instinctively known what to do to help her through her own ordeal. She also had extreme faith in God.
Sense and analytical judgement, however, had been submerged in tales of derring-do, marking the self-declared "successful mission". Typical of the period, we got Lieutenant Colonel Rufus McNeil, Comanding Officer 13 Air Assault Regiment, Royal Logistic Corps, declaring of those that had run the hazardous convoy, "Every one of the soldiers did fantastically well."
tomatoes (a 28 oz can of either whole plum tomatoes or diced tomatoes, with their juice)
To know truth from mistakes
All seven students are currently on home detention awaiting their next court hearing on Jan. 18.
Top Star & Master Flexxer - Ladies (white)
his tail is of inde
Simply, Mine by Jane Carrington
Know there is no honor in clingling to a goal that no longer inspires you.
Recently, my kids have discovered the, uh, joy of bathroom humor. It is beyond hilarious to say things like fart or poop or pee or underwear. One word and they both fall apart in giggle fits.
I pray that all my readers, no matter what your individual beliefs, will be blessed in this “lusty” month with the magic of a happy and fulfilling sex life. Blessed Be!
The same collapse swept the eastern seaboard of North America, where settled farming villages were established by 2000 BCE, and complex agricultural societies with rich political, cultural and religious traditions thrived for many centuries before 1492. (A thousand years before the founding of Jamestown, the level of cultural sophistication in the Chesapeake Bay tribes was arguably higher than that found among the inhabitants of Dark Age England.) After a century of dieoff, the survivors were scattered in small communities across a mostly vacant landscape. That was what the first waves of European colonists encountered. They told themselves they were settling in a wilderness, but they were quite wrong: they were arriving in a land that had been settled and farmed for countless generations before their time, and benefited immensely from the legacies of the peoples whose surviving descendants they elbowed out of the way.
"We meet again, Watcher," said the Doctor.
Being a natural-born sun-avoider who is happy to look pale, I am very popular with my tan-loving girlfriends since I often give them self-tanners to try out. My pal Siobhan has been using these products throughout our 22-year friendship so she was the ideal person to try a face tanner I was given a few months ago. Here’s her report on Sisley Self Tanning Hydrating Facial Care (£78):
Original Post 9-28-11:
I will continue to try my best to inspire, paint crazy shit, paint my kids, and maybe even do something extra special like this for you...
Satan will never learn I’m thankful for the attack now because I have pleaded with God, to help me spiritually wake up… The devil will regret his attack he started yesterday from this point on because I know the power within me from the Holy Spirit, and I will remind satan of his future every time he’s dumb enough to attack…
3. Solution.
The three of us exploded with laughter.
Do not allow the common perception of meetings to impede your desire to improve the professionalism. Until such times as you run meetings you will not be able to affect the overall effectiveness but you can practice all of the attributes that you will need in the future. If you arrive at meetings with this mindset not only will you be able to practice in a very safe environment these attributes but such enthusiasm and professionalism will certainly be noticed by more senior members of your company. Be positive in meetings and use them for your own growth and I promise you even the worst run meeting that you attend will be a success for you.
I was so sad about it.
Why did it work? Why did it catch on? One reason is, clearly, because most Americans are far more willing to embrace radical ideas than anyone in the established media is willing to admit. The basic message - that the American political order is absolutely and irredeemably corrupt, that both parties have been bought and sold by the wealthiest 1 per cent of the population, and that if we are to live in any sort of genuinely democratic society, we’re going to have to start from scratch - clearly struck a profound chord in the American psyche.
Of course, the back of the box has a description of all the characters, as well as a Nutrition Facts section. I kind of like the idea that Gandalf can only be 35 calories, don’t you? I guess the hobbits would only have about 15-20 calories.
These kinds of movies will not be made in America, because of corporate pushback, and "cartoons are for kids!" mindset.
The Overture was another case in point, its opening gravely Beethovenian. Despite the difference in tempo and almost everything else, I was somehow put in mind of Coriolan. An unfortunate split horn note was heard upon the horns entry, but thereafter, throughout the work, the LSO’s horns were on excellent form, just as required in this of all operas. There was a sense of fairy-tale: I thought of Davis’s Hänsel und Gretel for the Royal Opera. But there was also, and increasingly so, Wagnerian gravity to be heard, reminding us that, so many times in this work, Siegfried is but a stone’s throw away. Fafner’s lair takes form in the Wolf’s Glen Scene. And there was no shortage of dramatic drive to the conclusion of the Overture, but Davis and his wonderful orchestra saw no reason to resort to anything hinting at superficial display. Orchestral malevolence was to be heard in spades at the opening of Kaspar’s aria, ‘Schweig! damit dich niemand warnt,’ and a proper storm was cooked up in that celebrated finale to the second act. (Electronic sound effects proved slightly alienating, but what does one do in a concert performance?) If not exactly folksy – and does one really want that? – there was certainly a nice orchestral jauntiness to Ännchen’s ‘Kommt ein schlanker Bursch gegangen’. Whilst a list of notable orchestral solos would doubtless extend to almost every section principal, I feel I cannot fail to mention the superlative contributions of leader, Carmine Lauri, Rebecca Gilliver (cello), Gareth Davies (flute), and of course, the viola obbligato in ‘Einst träumte meiner sel’gen Base’ (it looked like Paul Silverthorne to me, although the programme said otherwise, so I should probably credit Edward Vanderspare too, just in case).
He winks and says "I knew it"
And, she sends me newspaper articles about family life, teenagers, drinking too much caffeine, how to clean my house better, adoption issues, money stuff, music stuff . . . .
P.S. Within my own, slightly oval sphere of logic, I can justify buying two pairs of shoes at once, because I also bought a book of sheet music this week for Chopin's nocturnes, and once I learn to play them all, my soul will be repaired and I will be a worthy individual again.
I remember pregnant women in the past talk about “nesting” and getting ready for the baby. I always wondered what the “nesting” entailed. Sounded interesting enough but all I could imagine was Big Bird, sitting in his nest….just sitting there. Although I do sometimes find myself just sitting there, I have thoroughly enjoyed the “nesting” stage. It has been such a holy time, as well as a trusting time, and has challenged me to wait with the Lord. In resting with and in Him, I have found peace about the unknowns that are coming in the next week or two. Although I do struggle with fear daily, for the most part, it has been awesome.
I imagined that there would be scrapes along the bonnet of the car and a cracked windscreen.
The price apparently is a cool £250,000 if you have it. In return you get to meet the prime minister, put your point of view forward, and ask any question.
The smaller pin at the bottom was a treasure we found on our trip to Bath England thirteen years ago. It was so discoloured with years dirt and grime I was so happy with the way it looked once I cleaned her up.
I would recommend this book to anyone with interest in gardening in general or roses in particular.
You see with that call I knew she was gone. I knew that that part of my heart was going to have to break and that I would have to be an adult and accept the fact that she had gone to the big swimming hole in the sky.
The Alliance population on Drak is sparse. Throw in the lack of people in Dalaran and Shattrath (which hopefully will change some now that the portals are back), and you have either an exercise in futility, or a trip to the BGs. OR … you have awesome guildies like Telanarra, who tossed on a full set of heirlooms and power leveled this dwarfette for those of us who couldn’t find one.
The border in the centre of the card - spellbinders edgeabilities classic triple scallop
You do not need to be an energy healer or reiki master or priest in order to bless others. All that it takes is a pure intention, made from the heart. (Betty is not a priest either, yet he blesses people every day!) Energy goes, where the attention flows – that is the law of attraction. Never belittle the power you have in you… In a world that is nothing but energy, a thought made out of pure intention is like a powerful prayer. It moves mountains.
It’s Easy–Weezer
… Games”) announced today that it has entered into an agreement with Trion Worlds, Inc. (“Trion Worlds”), a leading US-based game publisher and developer, for the exclusive license to operate its highly-anticipated 3D MMORPG “RIFT” in mainland China.
A further sample of my husband's craft, this tea caddy was made for his mother's sixtieth birthday, more than twenty years ago. He was very pleased to be able to shade the marquetry using hot sand heated in a metal tray to singe the individual pieces.
I place it against my shoulder and smile to myself. I look in the mirror and see the silver touch my pale skin. This time, there's no hesitation. This time, I push it in and draw it down, ever so slowly, wincing as I form a thin red line to go with the three pink scars already there. I smile to myself as the pain which is becoming increasingly familiar takes over my thoughts. For a few moments, I know that I'll forget about being Bingirl, Princess Pizza Face, or any of the other names people call me. The pain will be all I can focus on, and I will be happier than I've been all day.
Another real good day. I went back to an old standby philoshophy and it served well. Ended up beginning the week, but closing out the month on a high note. Very satisfying indeed.
A wedding ring that won’t be worn now
The entire album doesn't feature the heavier 70s groove like L'unica Chance. The remaining tracks better reflect the cheesecake cover image in that the vibe is more laid back, smoky and romantic. I hope you agree that the vocal treatment on Mistero is pretty awesome.
A few recovered shows and fragments have come from Guys 'n' Dolls members, but apparently not on this occasion. Maybe they preferred the scaffolding staging of Supersonic.
Kelsey Borg, a sophomore from Maple Park, is in the beginning American Sign Language class and described her first silent dinner as a bit nerve-racking. Signing felt different in public and she became lost when more advanced students had intricate conversations, she said.
If you haven't seen it, then go watch it. You won't regret it.
Rules straight from Alex's post:
All in all it was nice for a Sunday afternoon. Enjoyed 2lbs of delicious crawfish, some sausage that wasn’t so hot, potatoes, and corn. They put a big ol’ hunk of garlic and some mushrooms that i had to move out of the way on the plate too. I don’t know about you all who have enjoyed this Louisiana delicacy, but I’ve never had it with mushrooms before. It wasn’t like “back home” but it should hold me over til my next visit.
Ok I am back on again. These last two weeks have been really rough for me. I needed a little time away from this. I suspect it comes with my age. I have been dealing with death for the last few weeks. A distant reltive who was also a close friend of mine died three weeks ago. Two weeks ago, my aunt died. Her death was followed the following week (last week) by the death of an extremely dear childhood friend; her passing truly devastated me. All of them were hard to deal with but the last one, my childhood friend was the hardest. She was very – very close to me for my formative years and a time in my young life that was very difficult.
The physics are floaty, reminiscent of LittleBigPlanet. You and objects tend to stay in the air for a few moments. Objects and platforms have weight and will tip over an edge. The physics are the basis of some puzzles.
“Down with a world in which the guarantee that will not die of starvation has been purchased with the guarantee that we will die of boredom.”
A change is due however. We need to move onwards and upwards for we are becoming infatuated with the sensations the physical gives us and are loosing our own base frequency as a result. The effort to increase our frequencies back to our “norm” is gaining pace. Earth, the centre of physical excellence, the only physical planet to have inhabitants of free will to work with it, is the focal point for this change. It may be hard to believe, but this one small physical entity, along with us, is pivotal in the effort to lift the universe from the physical frequencies. That is why there is more and more of us becoming aware of our true role in the universe, to experience and evolve.
‘Cut a check and shut up, they said’.
Less time but still too much with the boring politician. Is he still in the race, a week after being shot and paralysed? I guess he is. Also Rosie’s boyfriend led to some weird connections for his dad. He seems connected in some way but not sure how. He had his son return to the police to say he had faked the text, but it wasn’t clear enough whether he actually had or not, or his father forced him to say he had. He also seems to have had a relationship with Rosie’s aunt. Hmm…
3. What materials and tools do you use?
So hand me that remote
And according to him, that first step was even before he physically took the first step. It was something we might overlook. It doesn’t seem like much. It was just a small thing. He said, “The most important step was setting a date and telling people.”
If our message is that the gospel is a post death reality, then it's no wonder people are not interested in following Jesus. It's for dead people. Dallas Willard eloquently said once that, "the gospel is not about getting people to heaven after they die. It's about getting them there before they do." I think he's right.
It was all about how this game, "monsters and mazes" (think Dungeons and Dragons) corrupted these kids, and one went insane and almost killed himself. We play Dungeons and Dragons, and we've never gone crazy. ROFL! I told the boys that the moral of the story is to just not go Crazy. Not that D&D is bad. Or computer games. Or video games. Or guns. Same concept. It's not the tool that is bad, it's how it's used. Things can be used for good or for "evil". It's all a personal choice. So, if nothing else, it was a good "conversation starter" with the kids.
is it awesome, is it terrible
“Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble.” – Matthew 6:34
My skin has never looked better and i cant believe how fast i have gone from spotty to glowy with just two products. If you missed my skincare post its here .
Then my daughter with the new baby found these less expensive reusable napkins on Kara's Love for Earth Etsy Shop and I almost bought them too. It was tempting - they are well priced and they have free shipping today in honor of Earth Day.
I left in a plume of ridicule.
In many ways, I see writing voice to be very similar to artistic style. If you hang around art sites like deviantART long enough, no doubt you will run into half a dozen artists in a day claiming the critique is wrong because oversized hands or noses or whatever are part of their “style”, when in reality, they just don’t want to admit they need to practice more. Hell, I’ve used the same excuse to explain why I didn’t need to take a human anatomy class to fix my anime-inspired art back in high school! It’s often a sign of insecurity and inexperience, or it’s a sign of stagnation and comfort, first of which ought to probably get fixed fast, the second of which is okay, but in moderation.
Personally, I dress sporty and casual and I think it complements my comedy style nicely!
Bitter Child has little to do with experiences from my life and more to do with the tragedy in the lives of many people, especially women, who are in a relationship that leads to the birth of a child. Specifically, this poem is about the birth of an unwanted child and the helplessness and bitterness that define the flavor of the woman’s heart and, symbolically, her milk.
Peter loves to cook (and eat too), so they named each table after the famous chefs. We happened to be sitting at the Giada De Laurentiis' table, where Giada is one of my favorites! And for each place setting, they gave each of us a little grater. It was really cute!
Do I have criticisms of myself? um, no doy. I always will.
I’ve written since I was 4 years old – it was clearly a way for me to express the supressed trauma. When my kids started to leave home I decided to see if I could get published. I’ve always known I could do it but had never really found my voice. I joined a local writing class and it became apparent from week number one that I really could write. Each week I got great feedback, which inspired me to write ‘Love Hearts’ – and suddenly I’d found my voice and had an agent and a publisher. It all happened quite quickly. The only other study I’ve done is to read lots of kids books and to read a book on plotting.
Probably why I am a little stressed!
Psalm 18:48 “He frees me from my enemies. You exalt me above my adversaries; You rescue me from violent men.”
Secretly I always wish for a prince or hot piece of ass to sit next to me on flights. Mostly I just get overweight old ladies or people who don’t speak English and smell funny. So when you plopped your hot ass on the treadmill next to me you can imagine what went through my mind. No, you have no clue what went through the pea-sized brain of mine do you? B-I-N-G-O, read my internal banter between me and secretly, you.
What have you bought online recently??? I will be back soon and a big hello to new followers xx
So, first I scrubbed everything down with TSP, let them bake in yesterday's hot sun, then got to work last night.
Keep up the good work… or lack thereof.
As we have seen the Foods Sovereignty movement of La Via Campesina has recently spread across the States. The emergence of this “peasant movement” in the “First World” is do to the Global economic depression and the crack down on small local farmers in the name of Food Security.
4. It's a Sunshine Day - The Brady Bunch
One of the items that I included in the kits, was a piece of corrugated cardstock. I gave all the design team a challenge to make an embellishment out of it. I was really looking forward to seeing what everyone came up with and they did not disappoint! After playing around with my corrugated piece, this is what I ended up with:
because it ruined your day sort of?
Laid not your hand on me.
conversation you don't yet understand,
Sudan, which was Africa’s largest country before the South gained independence in July, sits atop some of the continent’s most significant oil resources.
Once she figured out where she was and that i was there, she seemed to settle down....we waited a bit for her room...she ate and took her meds as needed. She stayed FLAT on her back and was content watching TV non-stop.
Or go visit her store in Fort Greene, Brooklyn! It's down the street from Spike Lee's Forty Acres and A Mule Production Company front. Cool.
If I recall correctly, he explained that I was insulin resistant, had high testosterone and was considered pre-diabetic now. I had to go on a lean meat and vegetable diet or I would get diabetes.
5. Visit the caves in Lascaux, France. The caves are famous for their paleolithic cave paintings. My ceramics professor visited those caves in the early 90's. After he returned, he was a changed man. He even had his license plate personalized with the word “LASCAUX”. I admired my ceramics professor so much. I think if I visited the Lascaux caves, I would have a life altering experience, as well. Doesn’t everyone desire something monumental in their life?
Well, the full load of stories will stay up until my birthday (May 31st, buy your cards now) and then I shall take most of them down. I shall be leaving up those which have been published elsewhere with links to those publications which have had the wonderful taste to feature my work. ;-)
He came to see me after my shift... like 10:00 that night... and he holds my hand. (Only happened once before, and that was cuz he kept tickling me and I asked if I had to hold his hand to get him to stop. He said, yes. Smooth hubs, real smooth.) After a few minutes of talking about who the crap knows because all I can think about is him holding my hand, he asks, "So, does this mean yes?"
Sixth, a trainee is basically a glorified assistant. Your responsibilities seem only to be helping out with the setting up and breaking of camp, helping preparation of breakfast, lunch and dinner and cleaning, and mingling with guests on the drives. Not hugely laborious, admittedly, but I thought the idea of a trainee was that they were “trained” on how to do the job. Rather than teach us any of the accounts, or how to get groups through immigration, or organise local safaris, we were just used to make the boring jobs easier.
- When you are in the forest, you become a seamless part of it. When you are in the rain, you are a part of the rain. When you are in the morning, you are a seamless part of the morning. When you are with me, you become a part of me.
into the animal barn here at the Farm House.
It's been a while - since December, in fact - since I pulled out the brew equipment. Well, with the return of summer, and my recently purchased, though not yet assembled MLT, the time has come to make some beer. Now, the little Brew Devil inside of me is pulling me in a few different ways, and I have a couple of obligations to previously conjured brews, so the brew schedule is filling up fast. Here's a quick run down.
tender mercies and your compassion that never fails.
I prayed for many as I thought about this day and its impact on the heart...
But Jewry has now met its match. Its nemesis, Vladimir Putin, is warning the Jewish led-by-the-nose US and NATO that they will not be allowed to repeat their feat in Libya of overthrowing Muammar Gadhafi by ousting Syria’s president Bashar al-Assad.
Republican and RedState.com editor Erik Erikson, meanwhile argued that an overruling would represent more mainstream sentiments than not.
Customers’ needs tend to be relatively stable over time, while the offerings improve at a much faster rate.
Anyway, we had awesome seats and an awesome time. And what was even more awesome was when, at the end of his show and before his encore performance, David announced for the first time that he will be serving a full-time mission for our church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It was such a special moment and everyone stood up and cheered, bringing him to tears. It was good time!
He's underneath the window, she's singing, "Hey la, my boyfriend's back.
juice and zest of half a lemon
Decadent Chocolate cupcakes topped with dark chocolate ganache and brined bacon crumbles* paired with Mesquite Smoked Porter
Dec 1996 Hawaiian judge rules in favor of marriage being applied to same-sex couples
To test for VP62 plasmid contamination in prostate specimens,a set of 4 primers were designed for nested PCR. The 2 forward primers (5 TCTGGCTAACTAGAGAACCCACTG-3 and 5 AATACGACTCACTATAGGGAGACC-3) were specific to the multiple cloning site of pCDA3.1(-) (Invitrogen). The 2 reverse primers
October 30 – Austin, Fiesta Gardens
- Eating at the Union Oyster House
2 whether
* Examples:
But this story is bookended by scenes of a grandmother telling her granddaughter why it always snows at Christmas…and amazingly enough these rather short moments are enough to wash away all the cynicism and darkness from the movie.
My dad said to me when I was first considering organising my trip to Africa when I was eighteen that he felt it was important for me to feel rooted and that I would have something strong to come back to. At the time, I didn’t get what he meant. Whereas now I think I do – I have a safe space, a community that I truly feel a part of, where I have relationships and I’m able to offer a meaningful contribution.
Like Sorescu, Chase can be wry and yet wrangle humour from the situation as an imagined market survey in ‘Ticks and Kisses’ shows:
When I put my knowledge of music theory now into my own guitar playing I can see a huge improvement all from the music theory.
Having all of that space just to simply over winter at the garden share would be a real waste. We've been up there a few days this week to clear all of the raised beds, and cover the two side beds for over the winter. The middle bed has been dug over and is ready for the cabbage and leek plants as well as some late salad.
Your a disgrace
Aluminum is a very popular metal right now because it is a fantastic alternative to sterling silver. Not only is it more economical but it won't tarnish. It is also safe to wear for anyone who can safely wear sterling.
I should make it clear that I have no beef with their actual phone service; it's not like I get a lot of dropped calls or fading signals. It's the customer non-service I'm talking about. Well, that and a few other things...but mainly the non-service.
2. Eat with a small fork/ spoon:
Since some of you requested pictures of “the belly”, I thought I would humor you and share these that my mom took while they were visiting this past weekend.
He is also accused under Section 132(2)(a) of the Companies Act 1965 of committing the offence without approval from an annual general meeting of NFCorp to gain profit directly.
Stephen Bunin, 45, New York, N.Y.
Seven.
His instant dance took on a new personality – even though he had rehearsed sections of the dance, it seemed to all come together once the music played. Thats what is supposed to happen… the music puts the soul into the movement.
I have already shared the airline market structure in my previous posts. I will dig deeper into the airline management issues in the near future.
The Barclays Premier League has reached its pinnacle, as the top two sides of English Football battle each other this evening for effectively the championship crown.
We have a TON of new weather maps on the Weather Observatory web-site - these include temperatures, wind speed, dew points, heat index, barometric pressure, predicted rainfall, climate forecast, medium and long range maps, forecasts and more! Click here
Die cut tag, Marianne design.nl
CFA’s challenging and thoroughly engaging curriculum will include:
But this week, I have felt more energetic, more hopeful and more eager to get on with things than I remember having felt in a decade. Probably fulfilling the dream of (almost) full time classes has a lot to do with it. It was a big part of what kept me going through All That last year.
Actually, the history of worship on the site goes back even further. In March, 1736, Charles Wesley held worship services for the new settlers at Frederica. In 1737 John Wesley established a church for the people of Frederica and the other settlement on the island, Fort St. Simon. When John Wesley left St. Simons he was replaced by George Whitefield. All three men held services on the site of the present church.
For me, it's simple. What is an agent's track record of sales? If solid, then it's probably just going to be a matter of whether you also connect with the agent as a person. By the way, whether an agent with a good track record is a good fit for you as an author is actually a whole different question than whether an agent is a good agent. One agent might be fantastic for one kind of client and disaster for another client who has different needs.
Total Praise- from Jacksonville, FL
So the clown stalked her discreetly for the next few days, and eventually caught her off guard when she was bending over to pick up her lucky alligator’s tooth. He promptly buried his nose between her arse cheeks, causing her to squawk like a parrot and belly-dive onto the ground. Honour was satisfied and they became the best of friends.
Even though I can’t say words of gratitude to everyone
Second one: if I wasn’t conditioned I couldn’t be controlled. I would ask a lot of uncomfortable questions – questioning authority, the very way I live and the world I live in. I wouldn’t buy things that are in the ads, I wouldn’t occupy my mind chasing money or fame or women, I wouldn’t be a slave to meaningless impulses. I wouldn’t be a sheep that everyone wants to. People don’t want rebels – they’re uncomfortable to live with.
surrounded by traditional music when she was a kid. When I
When observing human behavior gets too much for my nerves during unpreoccupied moments I sometimes fantasize I could just escape in between the pages of a piece of literature. This usually happens when I’m stuck in traffic inside a public transport, waiting in long lines in the grocery or restaurants or for certain people, or any situation for that matter that requires me to wait for forever and a half. Although I always have in my bag the book that I’m currently reading most of the time I wish I’m reading instead that certain novel which I’ve been wanting to get my teeth into but don’t have the book yet. That’s why I came up with the idea of “bluetoothing” the e-books I’ve downloaded from the internet, which I seem to have lost interest in reading because reading literature on a laptop is just so unappealingly sad and cumbersome, to the android phone so that when the need for me to read them comes up again I could just barely touch the android screen and voila, I have escaped.
As a country that is trying to modernize its economy and society, this fundamentalist mindset poses a unique challenge. Since the late 1970s, this faction of society has had immense decision-making power particularly in education and the courts — the two areas where interaction between the government and the average citizen is greatest. Three decades later, they have managed to make their ideology the foundation on which education and justice are based. Even appointing progressive ministers has failed to make any substantial change because from the bottom up, the system is sustained by people who have a religious conviction to resist change. Nothing is harder to shake than that type of conviction.
I remember my first days in Bible College. Wow was I on fire. I had just recently given my life to Jesus Christ. I had known the effects of sin. My life was spiraling out of control and then when all hope was lost Jesus was right their. So with a fire in my heart and a passion to save the World I entered Bible College. I soaked up as much as I could. I looked forward to the day that I could teach and preach at my first church. And finally that day came. I was hired. Or as I would like to think, I was called in to ministry. With a Bible in my hand and a desire to do damage for the kingdom I strolled into my first church. And since that day I have learned something about many churches. They are filled with dead people.
CALABAMA has an "official" pub date of June 15, and it may be a few days before it's available on Nook and some of the other e-book platforms. But it's already up on Kindle and Smashwords. Only $2.99.
09. Low Sun - Chicane / 6:57
Also, I may need to segregate materials comprising trade secrets or commercial or financial information. I may withhold these materials under exemptions (c) and (g) to Section 7(26) of the Massachusetts General Laws. In view of the need for the above screening, the Massachusetts Public Records law, M.G.L. Ch. 66, §10 permits the University to estimate and assess the estimated costs of searching for the requested records or segregating exempt
Mix the jammy mix into the remaining filling, then pour this onto the rest of the filling. Swirl together.
Maybe days when you want to throw up into the lap of indecision,
And I will be back soon to share more with you!
“There is still a critical need for skilled workers across a range of Australian industries. The Skills Australia Needs Expo in London will target the industries most in need of skilled workers, such as the mining, health and construction industries.”
Apparently Emerie was worn out from all that singing & excitement,
One who focused mainly on Judaism, and who – as far as is known – wrote the first polemic work directed against the Jews alone, is the Jewish convert, Samaw’el al-Maghrabi (also spelled Samau’al). He was born in Baghdad in 1126 (though some traditions puts his year of birth in 1130 – I have chosen to follow Moshe Perlmann here), the son of a Jewish rabbi who moved there from Northern Africa. He was taught in mathematics and is mostly known for his works on that subject, especially his al-Bahir fi’l-Jabr, but after his conversion in 1163 he began to write his polemic work against the Jews, Ifham al-Yahûd (Silencing the Jew). That book was rewritten in a new version four years after with some additions.
1296 *D-IV/9/1998. “The Natural Right Component of American Law: Swift v. Tyson Revisited.” Law Panels, Annual Convention, American Culture Association, Orlando, Florida. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(7), above.)
If we walk in the Light, and the Glory of God is lived in our lives, then why do we box ourselves into a conformity that
I cite all this history because the history of America, along with a careful analysis of its demographics, its population, native-born and naturalized, portends that, once we get past the megolomania and Marxist ideology of the current pretender to the throne…oops, I mean to the Oval Office, America is ideally poised to dig itself out of its current financial difficulties.
Row 2: Cast on 2 stitches, knit to the end of the row. (10 stitches)
Compliment the author.
White told the story of his work and imprisonment in the book God’s Missiles over Cuba. He also wrote other books, numerous articles and a monthly column in VOM’s newsletter, which is distributed to more than 500,000 homes in the United States. In addition, he contributed to the million-selling book Jesus Freaks, written by the Christian music group D.C. Talk and VOM.
The quirky love-hate duet "Could You Use Me?" was something that Eddie Quillan and Arline Judge actually might have handled pretty well if RKO had deigned to include it in 1932. But they didn't, and it was left to Mickey and Judy to bring it to the screen. Filmed in punishing 112-degree heat on location on a desert road outside Palm Springs (with pickup shots in the relative comfort of a soundstage back in Culver City), it's a cheerful charmer in which Judy manages to suggest that Ginger's resistance to Danny's brash advances is already beginning to melt.
If judgment looms under every steeple
seven of them.
Two more old cottages to add to my accordion book. I seem to have made the 2nd one rather crooked, blame my odd eyes and the arthritis.
He forced himself not to look up. His gut grumbled just thinking about the Realmlessness above. Instead, he kept his eyes on the still patch - not still, of course, to Clearsight. The air danced above the canal and the path, a jumble of tiny motes of a colour that was almost like green. No two ever seemed to move the same way at once.
09-The Acid Queen
Yeah, yeah, I could link you all the detailed steps to knit. But then you would search for a video on youtube. Way simpler if I just link you this awesome youtube link
Tony Wilson – Tony is a high performance expert, and to me that’s what learning is all about. His Tony Wilson blog inspires me.
I got the pendant from Micheal's and the fiber/ribbon is from India. I have used white gel pen, black sharpie and gold metallic acrylic ink and a brush to embellish the pattern paper and the feather. The oval scallop (image) and the blue oval scallop is a nestability.
Ex. 2: I should be exempt from the English requirement because my experience as an office assistant and apprentice has already provided me with equivalent writing knowledge.
"If I had an accident and my cock got cut off you'd dump me" (Honestly ? Yeah, he was probably right).
Gotta love Springtime fun.
And the next.
Baseball
I’m scared Voluntary work will suffer greatly when the introduction of all the activities mentioned above takes place. Vital local and mostly charitable services, such as support for the disabled, local youth football teams or even just a friendly ear and a hot cup of coffee may have to face the stigma of having “perverse” single parents volunteering with them, or “feckless” benefit bums working with them, all because of the stigma attached to the WP. Services may have to be reduced and costs cut back even more as people may start thinking “Well, they’ll get the people on the dole to do it, i don’t need to”.
There are many ways to use umbrellas for singing time!!! Here are a few ways that we've thought of!
If I could do that, that's what I'd do for my sweet friend Korin, whose birthday is tomorrow.
When I call to You in prayer
Proclaim the daylight’s resurrection.
We’re the internet dispute organization authorized by the government,which mainly deal with international company's in Asia. We have something important need to confirm with your company.
Do you ever think off what to do with the extra tomato and chillies sauce (in packet) after having your KFC ? Yes here goes into the sweet and sour sauce! Great idea from my in-law. Well it is alright to use the tomato sauce from bottle :) I omit the chili sauce as my kids can't take heat.
-But we made it home alright...said Horatio....and what a welcome it was when we entered this kitchen......remember...? You, my dear D, together with Mr C,waiting for us... it was in a bleak midwinter night that we arrived home on your doorstep..very hungry..!!
“There is a time, when the community as a whole, their needs are better than the individual and, I think, more important,” says Snyderman.
And they didn’t even tell us we needed all of this stupid stuff for our uniforms until the day before we started!!! They knew we were going to be hired for at least a week before we started. Having a fever and hopping from bus to bus trying to find all of these stupid uniform pieces is kind of infuriating (yay being sick).
This is not subtle, but explaining it is difficult because it is almost impossible to see if one is not attuned to this kind of propaganda. But, to an Englishman who has been made to feel guilty from birth for our history, it was plain. A Jewish friend in America emailed me in some distress and, to be sure she had got it right, I asked what situations the Jewish character is shown in. As soon as she said exploiting Blacks I knew she had spotted something important because that is how we English are made to feel guilty, by negative stereotypes, which destroy the humanity of a select group and dehumanises them. Once that takes hold, anything can be done to them because they cease to be seen as human. Once this is explained, it's plain.
Digital scrapbook designers – I also have a commercial use set of gingham overlays that is new and 50% off. This is a great, fast, low-priced tool to make classic papers. The preview shows how there is a little bit of distressing done where the stripes don’t cross over for a great, realistic look.
I'd love to be able to move somewhere warm.
Their jobs were morally complex,
7.) This isn't weird but, I would give anything I have for those I love even if I never see them again.
Fear.–noun
One way or another, though, what you contemplate, you imitate. Choose your contemplations well.
People live or die and thousands of lives are indelibly altered based on decisions about where to drive today, when to have sex, who to discuss these things with and whether to buy that pair of BCBG shoes. It's always those tiniest of choices that hindsight allows you to see as pivotal moments.
Altered histories are all around us, embedded in our lives to such an extent that it becomes difficult to imagine, for we indeed have to “imagine,” what reality is, what the truth or the real “news” of human action actually looks like. This is most apparent in the world of words, where the writer takes life in and presents it the best they can but always through the filter of their own humanity. But as so many theorists have been quick to point out over and over again, it is the domain of the modified image that contains the most power to alter history and compel a certain beliefs about its factual evidence.
The victim contacted one of the residents there, who told the victim that a woman who lives with him there, Bernadette D. Tokoly, 55, told him she got the items by “garbage picking” and a garage sale. She was arrested and charged Monday with burglary of an unoccupied dwelling and grand theft and was being held at the Alachua County jail Tuesday.
Second-drink the Coke from the three (not all at once, unless you are in desperate need of a caffeine fix!)
Ambassadors of Death is one of few Doctor Who stories still only available on VHS, and due to the great BBC wiping, the story no longer exists fully in colour, meaning that through the VHS presentation we are constantly flicking back and forth from colour to black and white. A DVD was scheduled for release in 2011, but was postponed due to ongoing restoration issues. All issues were finally resolved in November 2011 and the DVD should see release late 2012/early 2013. The story clearly draws very heavily on the 1953 tv serial The Quatermass Experiment, where an astronaut returning to earth is replaced by an alien life form.
Feelings, and Behaviors
Interviewer: We don’t want to limit the show to the Palestinian cause and the Arab-Israeli struggle, we are talking about terrorism in general.
I had one of these containers from the dollar store. I think it may be a remote control holder.
All around it was an amazing meal and everybody really loved their dishes. I can't wait till I can go to Momo again!
I have funds leftover at the end of the week to put in savings.
…and we were left the scratches, dings, dents, and scuffed paint that you see in the pictures above.
At Franks Lane, I turn left to cross the river, then a short distance along the puddled lane turn onto a narrow footpath between post-and-wire fences. On the left, the manicured outfield of Horton Kirby cricket club, while on the right, open parkland dotted with mature horse chestnut and collapsing ash trees, and limes, the crowns of which are festooned with mistletoe and noisy parakeets flitting between the tree tops. Somewhere beyond, over the river and obscured by the tree line, lies Franks Hall, built in 1591 by Lancelot Bathurst who frequently played host to Queen Elizabeth I here. Now Grade I listed, the Hall was used as a barn in the 1850s, before Vavasour Earle, who bought the Hall in 1883, enlarged it with the addition of a picture gallery. During the Second World war, when the home was used as a maternity home, Earle’s gallery was destroyed by incendiaries and now only the walls remain.
You will probably have to do 2 coats of black to completely cover the paint underneath.
Avocado green, brown, buttery yellow, and the "50s" pink are the colors I used for this geometric print. I made a big stencil, and a few individual stencils to complete the look. It was fun, and a break from the norm!
(For each of these spiritual blessings -- and you could certainly add more, like salvation, sanctification, etc. -- write out 3 verses that describe that particular blessing. Then write a brief statement or prayer describing why you thank and praise God for that blessing.)
According to a new global study by MIT Sloan Management Review and The Boston Consulting group, two-thirds of companies see sustainability as necessary to being competitive in today’s marketplace, 31% say it is contributing to their profits and 70% have placed it permanently on their management agenda. Once bamboo is planted it will continue to grow for 80 years without replanting, without pesticides, without fertilizer, and very little water requirements. Bamboo’s technology transfer includes over 2,000 applications including but not limited to the following: water filtration, biomass, health, beauty, cosmetics, beverages, sustainable packaging, prevention of soil erosion, water desalinization, and more. “Bamboo’s sustainability and technology transfer is unmatched by any other plant on the planet”, says CEO, Ed Johnson.
One of the criticisms that people have given The Voice is that nearly every contestant had a sob story. Personally, I don’t think that this was a bad thing, they were not used as bargaining tools (I.e. please put me through because I was bullied at school) but as a reason why they could not audition for any other show. This makes them stand out and really makes you feel for them, and you feel even better when they get through, or even worse when they don’t.
I certainly do not wish to see TDA become any larger than what it is right now.
They twitched and moved, and I turned around. Looking right at my wings, they were full of feathers, in the mirror, they were all bony and fleshy and gross. I could see at my shoulder blades where the base of my wings sort of melted into my back, fused with skin that started creeping spidery up my wings.
Fortunately, I had trip cancellation insurance, so I can take the money and buy another tour sometime in the yet-to-be determined future. In the meantime, I'll put the China novel on the back burner and get to work on the other novel I'm writing. The first chapter will be a bear. But after that, it'll be a hoot.
Makes you think all the world's a sunny day, oh yeah!
Vanilla ice cream coated in caramelised white chocolate and macadamia nuts
I looked around and searching for new inspiration,
3. The new Bill is to be modelled on a system currently in place in the US state of Oregon where the annual number of assisted suicides has increased dramatically by over 450% since being legalised in 1997, where one in six of those dying are depressed, less than one in 20 receive psychiatric assessments and some patients have actually been denied medical care and offered assisted suicide as a cheaper alternative.
But then we do a complete 180 and look at the other perspective. I look at all the amazing things that have happened or will happen. I’ve been given a chance to start my life over again; I’ve been given a chance to escape. This wouldn’t have happened if certain key events had taken place. I look at some of my friends’ lives, and you can’t just help but notice that some amazing things have happened. And they acknowledge it. They don’t take credit for it. Not. One. Bit.
“This is a fabulous achievement for both the Conservatorium and BlueScope,’’ he said. “This length of sponsorship simply doesn’t exist in the arts, not only in Australia, but internationally. To put it in context, Visa has sponsored the Olympics for 25 years!”
It didnt HAVE to be emotional – the theme was ‘Most Memorable Year’ – but of course it WAS emotional because obviously, the best sotry wins the night … am I right? You know I am.
I decided to go without my iPod this morning and just enjoy the peace and quiet of a nice sunny morning, no traffic, no noises, just peaceful. I let my mind wander to what the rest of the day was going to bring. I baked a dessert last night to take to my dad's house for dinner with the family, I was going to come home to a nice breakfast my dear hubs cooked for me, and hopefully the kiddos would behave themselves some what today!
The point of the query is to win an agent’s attention and get a request for sample pages. Now, your sample pages have to hold up. The greatest query letter in the world is not going to compensate for unready sample pages.
Let’s pause for a moment and do some quick math.
It sure does go fast! Even to reminsce through pictures just takes my breath away at how quickly this precious gift has grown. We are so blessed. SO grateful that seven years ago we were given you....
I look forward to many days of blogging with you.
Kleinfeld’s new Men’s Department has a great guide to the different formal wear and suiting style for men. You can see it, along with their product selection, at kleinfeldmen.com.
What I really liked about Hyundai’s iPhone game is that the users leave with the Hyundai app on their phone which can be used to push content at a later stage and connect with the players after the game.
After that comply with the task in order to evaluate improvement. Send memory joggers if you want to. Review work along the way if that’s appropriate.
Other things:
But the plot unfolds to show that Kowalski's neighbours are as racist as he is, and in fact he not only redeems his own character, but becomes a heroic figure in his neighbourhood by taking on the gangs and, at the same time, taking Thao, his neighbour's son, under his wing. How 'racist' is he really? Kowalski's most vicious scorn is reserved for the white boy who wears his cap backwards and tries to talk 'black' to the black kids. Kowalski rightly calls him a p*ssy for failing to stick up for his girlfriend.
Remember me. Remember I told you that it would be all this, and more.
6-7: "The exception, which is not codified in the existing legal order, can at best be characterized as a case of extreme peril, a danger to the existence of the state, or the like. But it cannot be circumscribed factually and made to conform to a preformed law.
Blogger have finally got an App for iPhones! Meaning you lovelies will be getting lots of updates as I can use my phone from now on!
The fifth; his waistband split;
out of you will come for me
Dickens – that rag and bone man – didn’t invent the prunish woman. The old maid was a figure of fun long before he steamed into print. And if we unflinchingly follow the history of the prune, it turns out that it was once associated with the oldest of “maids.” Behind the prune-wielding disciplined ranks of the governess, the nurse and the headmistress, lounges the most venerable professional woman of them all: the whore. We still sometimes call a brothel a “stew” and it is because of the innocuous stewed prune. A 1612 collection of satirical poems called The Knave of Hearts features a whoring knave who takes “Burnt wine, stew’d prunes, a punk to solace him.” And in a similar collection published a year earlier, The Knave of Spades, a wanton entices a young man into her house of vice:
By a Global Good News staff writer
The meeting is not productive for them, but one doctor stays behind. He knows who Frankenstein really is and blackmails to become his assistant. Frankenstein shows him the experients he is working on. Most involve severed limbs, of course. The masterpiece plan is to place the brai of a brilliant, but crippled colleague into a new body.
I am writing this letter as a person that has known Cathy for nearly nine years. Please give her a second chance as a friend. I know that when you met her you thought she was a “Hard Right” republican and that she doesn’t know how to have a good time. You probably figured she has a blog about cleaning tips. She is none of those things.
Now on to my card for today! I wasn't sure of how this card was coming along at first, and then once I just kept adding things here and there....the finished product kind-of makes me swoon a little. It isn't a typical card from me, but I like that....definitely gotta keep some spice in life when it comes to card making! Here is what I created:
The mad human virus.
I think that's why I like Darby Karchut's Griffin Series so much. (her newest one comes out this month, plus get a chance to win a copy of Griffin Rising, check at the end to find out how!!) Her angels are angels, they have powers and can fly, but they definitely have a very human side to them. And they have a tendency to just walk into peoples lives when they need it the most and then walk away. Not asking for any sort of compensation or even acknowledgement.
Some were forced into exile while others were detained, and a handful having sacrificed their lives for the sake of what we can call today “a rainbow nation”.
Cut a jam sponge roll into slices about one inch thick. Remember to get the one with only jam in it, not jam and buttercream. If you cut carefully there will be exactly one slice left over for yourself.
10. Yarn barf is actually a thing.
Paul Le Blanc (La Roche College, Pittsburgh) stressed the necessary interface of a revolutionary party with a ‘labour radical subculture’, which has been absent in the U.S. in recent decades.
Third Quarter: NHL
Valentine's Resort and Marina is a luxury hotel perched on the pink sands of Harbour Island in The Bahamas. One look and you will understand why Harbour Island has recently been bestowed the honor of "Best Beaches in the Caribbean" by Travel and Leisure Magazine.
hehe jk.
14C Sierra Nevada Hoptimum 10.4%
I don’t, the article uses humour to demonstrate issues, it was used to provoke emotion and then debate, in that regard it served its purpose.
(Jack) Are there any current projects you wish to share?
Now all I need to do is work on the plot. Any ideas and further inspiration would be welcome.
The hot air fingers it’s way down my sweaty shirt as I step inside the massive bomb suit.
Today’s flight involved 1,162 birds of 82 species. Even on a meager day, new birds can arrive, since it’s May. True to form, today welcomed Philadelphia Vireo to the tower list this season. Season total: 204 species.
New watermark, new err… style of photography and so on.
Tank: Enza Costa; Blouse: Topshop; Jeans: Acne; Shoes: Lanvin; Bag: Rebecca Minkoff; Bracelet: Marc by Marc Jacobs; Nail polish: Essie's "Forever Young"
Silvia, school teacher, tells us what they found.
I do think this shade would make a great little extra Mother's Day gift for your Mom or Grandma!
Hugs xx
They reached the end of the Shatterbury platform and ran up it and along to the ticket area. At this time of night there was no one else on the platform and the blinds were drawn down over the two teller windows in the cold, echoing ticket hall. The station was deserted, and all Ben could hear was the rhythmic ticking of the digital clock that hung above platform one. Counting down the minutes to the next train.
Well, it was a natural progression for a Dr Who fan, such as myself, to move to the next best thing from the program I loved - the book.
Happy Friday the 13th, y'all! If there was anytime to talk about the Friday the 13th series it's now. It's an interesting movie because even if you haven't seen the original, you're probably not far off in guessing what goes on in in. Earlier on in my horror movie watching career I watched the entire series when I was 11 or 12. And holy hell are they boring. They just get more and more nonsensical. And frankly, I like a little bat shit crazy with my nonsensical. (see: Nightmare on Elm Street series) But there was one moment of the whole Friday series that scared the bejesus out of me.
These police officers have no clue. Because nobody told them that if the person they swear an Oath to is in error, so are they. If the monarch is rendered powerless, so are they, and every single government agent. If I were a copper, and I discovered that my (ultimate) boss had no authority, I would have no option but to resign. And I would do so the moment I knew it to be so.
Enjoy and have a fantastic weekend!
First I was trying to prove that I can slowly find readers who aren’t my friends.
Ted came to see us late last year and we brewed a beer.
This is where I’m the opposite of Obama. I believe we need to have somebody who fights for hardworking taxpayers.
The Commercial Appeal posts many strange stories, like the article about Bush Senior parachuting out of an airplane on his eightieth birthday. Next to the article was a photo similar to the one above with the headline: The Aftermath! Apparently that wasn't stranger than other photos because Jay Leno never used it for headline news. So, in order to find something stranger, I searched the internet for bizarre news stories. Are they any "stranger" than what I found in the Commercial Appeal?
She managed to hold it together pretty well on camera telling the judges
Eventually most of those people who are led captive by the sins of comfort, will die in captivity. A few will survive and be liberated during the battle of Armageddon. The ones who will be liberated will be the next generation that grew up in captivity. The ones who put their faith and trust in God and nothing else. The ones who did not enjoy the wicked media, the ones who did not go into debt because they were filled with greed to live above their means. The ones who found their joy in the Lord instead of the materialism of this world. Their job after Armageddon will be to bear witness to what happened. So the world can remember it and move on with life to make sure sins and crimes such as these will not be committed ever again. They will bear witness to what God did for them and their testimony will live on and God will be given the glory for everything.
This year looks not much at all about PRESENTS ...
It has a really long drying finish as well. While I thought about sweet pancakes, I didn't think this Imperial Stout would work too well with them.
SH: It doesn't really go with the new shirts you got me.
EC deputy chairperson Wan Ahmad Wan Omar said the errors could be due to the negligence of military officers who have been appointed AROs.
For my last card I used the wonderful Let It Snow set, which I have had my eye on for a long time. Anyone who knows me knows that I LOVE snowmen. This is an amazing set with tremendous versatility and, did I mention fun?
8. The Pointed Man (Narration)
Jack Daniel’s Buttercream
Simply make your card, following the sketch and including stamping, and submit it using the InLinkz widget below before midnight on Saturday 31st March 2012. Good luck!
- The calendar at the side bar appear as a blank sheet;
Waterloo High School, the Class of 2007, and the Waterloo Bulldogs football team honored Chris throughout the 2006-2007 school year. The Bulldogs wore Chris’ #50 on our helmets and Chris was buried wearing his black home jersey. His mother, Cheryl, wore his white #50 throughout the entire season.
I am SO excited about this room. And I am so glad we decided to take a chance and make it a space we will use!! Hang in there…hopefully it will start looking like something soon. :)
The first time I received The Sunshine Award I nominated the required/suggested 5 people and somehow it doesn't seem right to nominate another 5, but a couple of the people I gave the award to the last time didn't play (no criticism implied), and KC has asked for a trade, she already has The Liebster Award, but not the Sunshine Award.
miss daisy is in hospice care now.
He returned home happy, with a light tan and, thankfully, keen to tell us all about the trip. His case had been neatly packed, there were no hideous surprises and, as it was Mother's Day, he handed me a bar of soap he'd bought at a local soap factory. 'Yeah,' he said, 'our teacher gave us the nudge that we should all probably buy our mums something from the factory shop so here you are.' Lavender. Not my favourite scent, if I'm honest, but hey it's the thought that counts, or, at least, the thought of his French teacher. Merci beaucoup, Monsieur.
Who are those hooded hordes swarming
Vanity. You want the prestige (whatever it may be) of signing with a legacy house.
Readers Annotation: In medieval times, life was dirty, smelly, hard and short, especially if you weren’t upper class; for Beetle, life is about starting with nothing, and with some luck and smarts, making a path for herself.
Although a lot has happened during the past 20 years, one fact stands head and shoulders above the rest, and that is: THIS WORLD HAS CHANGED… it is no longer the same place it was 20 years ago, and 20 years is really not that long if you come to think of it! It is most definitely not the same place as it was more than 2000 years ago when Jesus and his disciples were still around!
Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream = 230 calories, 23 carbs, 0 fiber, 4 g protein
It's all about playing live. Of course we try to make our albums as great as we can but this kind of music is so much about live performance. We love to play live.
6. Changes in the sun influence climate – TRUE. They cited the Maunder Minimum in the 17th century when no sunspots were observed, as a probable example. Solar influences are the main driver of global average temperature in the 20th century – NOT TRUE.
This is part of the new social contract. The sheer percentage of consumers with third party collections in pursuit is striking. Additionally, the uptrend through both Bush boom and Obama bust years of the percentage of people being tracked down by third party collection agencies suggests we live in a different country than we did just ten years ago.
Here's the basic recipe:
I momentarily held the undivided attention of my teenage daughter. Her thumbs,
Memo To The Secret Team: If You Do Not Release Tesla Technology, You Will Die With Us..
We were mostly college-age folks, clean-cut and with cheerful dispositions.
Tip your face downwards while looking in the mirror to see where the shadows fall under the cheekbones. If your cheekbones are not prominent, feel along your face and apply bronzer in a medium shade in a line just under it to form the hallows of the cheek. Rimmel Sun Shimmer bronzing powder gives a good colour that suits most skin tones. Mac Bronzer in refined golden is quite highly pigmented so apply with a lighter touch.
After my slip that morning, I spent the next hour or so making a point of talking to Dr. Pip and Dr. Polly as I brought each of the dolls out for their turn in the examining room. Much to my relief, Pip eventually began parroting this manner of address as well. In some respects it seems like such a little thing, but at the moment these little things are what we can do. One day Ava and I will be able to have those conversations with Polly and Pip where we will talk about history and statistics and the reproduction of inequalities. For now, though, we have to try and show them what could be possible and hope that through this showing they learn to imagine and work for what the world should be instead of accepting as good enough what the world has already been.
The Skunks were four guys pulled together by guitarist Larry Lynne, aka Larry Ostricki of the western Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha. He brought in Rick Allen, aka Rick Sutherland, to play keyboards, Duane Lundy on drums, and Tony Kolp on sax. Playing on the band's name, Larry had everyone dye their hair black with a white stripe down the side. The band first appeared in 1964 at a place called Monreal's on 16th Street at National Avenue. The group went to Chicago to record some demos with the legendary Sonny Boy Williamson sitting in on harmonica, but those recordings were never released. A couple of changes were made, with Rick Allen replaced by Jack Tappy on bass, and Duane Lundy replaced by Teddy Peplinski on drums. The band moved about 100 blocks west to a place called Papa Joe's in Brookfield. Tony Kolp was then replaced by Randy Klein, playing rhythm guitar, and the band moved out to California. They played at a club called Gold Street in Garden Grove. They cut their first record on the Era label for release in November 1965. But the label's owner, Herb Newman, didn't like their name and changed it to The Unbelievables for that release. For their second single, the guys went to the Gold Star Studio and recorded their version of Elvira, along with the flip side, The Journey. The record wasn't released until the band moved back to Milwaukee.
makes about 4 cups or 1 litre
I also wanted to get away from the idea of high-tech heists executed by brilliant thieves, the kind you often see depicted in movies and books. Let’s face it, if someone was *that* brilliant, they’d be doing something else with their lives.
The Commander of The Alamo, William Travis quickly assembled his men. He told them that no reinforcements were coming. “Our doom is certain,” Travis told the tired, beaten men. Then, Travis pulled his sword from its sheath and drew a line in the dirt. He asked every man who was committed to remain in the Alamo, fight and die to cross the line.
The difference is that last spring he was a little peanut squirming around, attached at the nose by a line of oxygen. Today, he's still pretty squirmy, but with clearly defined motor control and he's able to breath his own air. He's about to hit 18 months, and he's turned into a pretty healthy, extra cute kid. Look, see?
That's another thing I've been thinking about lately. God has reminded me that He does and will provide. With a few Christian friends leaving the area for various reasons, I've been wondering how I'm going to manage. God, ever-faithful, has reminded me of a time a few short years ago when I felt the same way. Just the fact that here I am again shows that He did provide for me, which is comforting to know that He can do it again.
And then I fall
Instead, I was in the hospital. I had caved under stress and had the same friend who took me for my MRI – let’s call her B. – take me back for this nervous breakdown. I was checked into the hospital as such and pushed around all over the hallways. Unlike most hospitals, however, this one was filled to the brim with cats. They were very therapeutic to me, as one could imagine. I love cats.
Many people reply that we are part of nature and part of the planet and have the same right to live on the Earth as other animals. In an ideal world, with much fewer people, living in balance with nature, perhaps that would be the case. But we do not help preserve any natural balance; we do not provide anything that other plants or animals in a natural setting need for survival. Ultimately, the animals and the natural environment would be far better off with fewer or no human inhabitants.
We heard a big VOOM
I ordered Hubby a Bind Rune that he can wear round his neck which arrived today. It is beautifully made and he loves it. The picture doesn't do it justice.
The excitement Luis had felt now infused Pete, and he recognized an opportunity. With Prof. Sinclair gone for at least another two weeks, Pete would have time to examine the interior on his own. If he moved quickly, he might be able to submit the initial findings under his own name, rather than as "second author" status under Sinclair. This find, Pete realized, could mean the difference between getting his first job at Podunk College for the Semi-Literate, or getting his first job at Ivy-Covered Research University. He would have to cut corners, he would have to move fast, and he would have to document his findings in some public way.
I design kitchen gardens with beds which are 1.2m wide so that whatever is grown within them can be reached by leaning over from the side, thereby avoiding the need for standing on the soil. Especially where soil is heavy, I recommend building raised beds from mini-sleepers or softwood planks held in place with corner posts. Raising the soil and adding organic matter (manure or compost) will improve the condition of the soil, help it drain better, and also help it to warm up quicker in spring. So if you are gardening on clay soil, this is the ideal way to grow veg.
10 minute AMRAP:
After another stop at Katsura Grill for Sandra to sample an Okonomi Yaki for herself, I had to make a stop at the Garden House to try another of their sake cocktails.
Is it time for me to quit teaching? I never thought I'd ask myself that question. I don't want to ask myself that question, because I'm afraid of what the answer might be. But I have to ask myself that question. And I have to find an answer, and a reason to keep doing what I love, in the place where I used to love doing it.
Just to clarify, these are people who routinely work with free energy, anti-gravity, teleportation, stargate travel and time-viewing technology.
I put it all back in the box, and sealed the box with solder and set it in concrete at the foot of a sixfoot hole. With this manuscript. (p. 29)
For me, punk rock is the heart and soul inside of me, metaphorically, artistically,
You can then choose 3 - 5 favourite blogs which you also link in your post, then each blogger will inform you that they have been tagged.
“We’ll get friendly, you worthless piece of shit.”
www.ohmycrafts.com
Here are a few pics from our Luncheon
I try to fit in and I want to be liked,
Mark 11: 24-25 (NIV)
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1. In a large bowl put all ingredients together. Season with pepper, salt and broth powder.
Joan Francis
This may require a class or two.
There's a story to that.
I have been using the healthy night light in my bedroom, as I thought it would be good as we put the baby's bassinet in our room for the first few months. My bedroom has always felt stuffy to me, especially at times when my husband seems to sweat a lot in bed. I have definitely felt the room seems fresher since putting the healthy night light in it. The night light is a perfect level of light, as it is not too bright, but has enough to give the room some light. I originally had it in my sons room, but decided to try it in my room because I felt my room needed more freshening seeing it is warmer, dustier, and the pets go in our room more. I am thinking I need to get one for each of the bedrooms now.
Tuesday: Networking assignment 2
I’m wearing a pale, peachy-pink colored lipstick on my lips with some pink gloss over it.
I have been mulling over this post for a long time now and one thing I was wondering about was how to present the information I’ve gathered over the last few months. I eventually decided to split this into a series of posts, with this being the first part. It has certainly helped that Obari joined twitter last summer, as many of his tweets have shown a great insight into his career and many of the shows he has worked on.
I am the 99% ;)
It is a welcoming, warming and rather nice place, full of hidden nooks, bay windowed corners and walls strewn with various beer ephemera, memorabilia and bric a brac from ale times gone by. It's avery homely and pleasant environment to waste away a drizzly Cumbrian late afternoon and evening.
There is a downside to the cask, too. Once tapped, the cask will not fit into either of my temperature controlled fridges, so it has to be drunk at the ambient temperature in the garage. With temperatures a bit below the norm for this time of year, it's being served at around 8C which is definitely a tad chilly. By the time I reach the end of the pint it's noticeable that the flavour has improved, but with temperatures likely to rise over the next couple of months, hopefully this will not be a problem for future brews.
SB 10.88.20: Lord Siva said to him: My friend, please stop, stop! Ask from me whatever you want, and I will bestow that boon upon you. Alas, you have subjected your body to great torment for no reason, since I am pleased with a simple offering of water from those who approach me for shelter.
The protected area continues over the cliffs to South Foreland Lighthouse and St Margaret's Bay, a route I'm saving for another day.
Now as you breathe-in envision Brandon, Jason, Juan and Peter
With that said, the following is our e-Christmas card, for which I refused to pose, by always walking toward the camera. Maybe I’ll change my mind when I am amidst all the wrapping paper that once covered the gifts.
The point is to have listeners/viewers use hashtag (#onevoice) to submit/search (via instagram) pictures that depict translations of ‘one voice’ (does not have to be ‘Haiti related’ – a true depiction of expression by the photographer). This will build awareness around ‘one voice,’ create a buzz and lead to more donations. The pictures will be voted on and used for print ad/poster/t-shirt promotional goods to keep the word of #onevoice alive.
“Women of the tamas guna are selfish. Whatever is wrong from the side of a partner — and he becomes the object of scorn, mockery and hatred which are manifested in different forms.
The boys head out to a yacht reserved by Tae Yong for some sketching. Talk about the benefits of being filthy rich! Grandmother calls but Tae Yong doesn’t want to answer it. Tae Moo informs him that per Grandmother’s orders he need to drag Tae Yong back to Korea no matter what. It’s time for Tae Yong to run the company but Tae Yong doesn’t want to inherit the company and tells him that if it’s about the company then there’s Uncle (Tae Moo’s father) and Tae Moo that they can rely on.
Let this be the year. Your year.
Well, I guess my answers will be the same as yours. I read and read – original sources most certainly (albeit in translation), serious interpretations of the period in question, and provocative books (often by French scholars) that cast a wider net – Duby on Love and Marriage in the Middle Ages, Le Goff on The Medieval Imagination, Eco on Art and Beauty in the Middle Ages. And all the while my wonderful PA Twiggy turns up lots of rapid-fire information from the internet.
But also ask yourself – is your client charging on to their client? Has your client done this before? Has the client given the shoot enough attention to guarantee its smooth running? Did they send the best qualified people down to the shoot?
While I could cheerfully have sacked out on the couch for the rest of the afternoon with my snuggly little daughters, it’s unwise to let them vegetate in front of the television for extended periods, so I hauled myself aloft and asked if either of them would like to do a craft. I believe they may have actually teleported into their chairs at the kitchen table, which I took as an affirmative answer, and quickly assembled a few oddments I had handy. We decided to make angels, since I had a few yards of white tulle, some fluff that looked cloudlike, and oodles of construction paper.
This is not me. Not at all.
I'm really excited for them! Just imagining them finally getting to take their baby home makes me smile. I remember the drive home and the first day as parents on our own and there was a sense of everything being right in the world. I don't think I ever felt more at peace. I hope Ben and Ali get to experience that to the fullest and that they can look back on this whole experience fondly.
We called a "Code Blue," and a "crash team" descended on the acute room. They worked on the patient for about half an hour, but were never able to revive him.
Easy to break down and store flat to save space
To complete my card I stamped my sentiment in a Spellbinder pennant die and punched a butterfly.
And the midwest setting--flat and beautiful and huge and kind of scary in the way that hope depends on the weather, is brought vividly to life.
The augment houses at the alpha of anniversary apple (the point with an arrow at the start) alter chargeless on the time you get on a stage.If you get x11, x22, x33 on the timer, a Red Augment abode appears, which generates items.
Assemble the earrings. Attach the charms to the jump rings to make a chain. Attach the ear wires to the top charm.
1 largest
Right see you later in the week - I've my Monthly Makes for Feb to share with you, hopefully some hint of spring photos and I might even get the Photo Scavenger Hunt pictures finished too (struggling here this month).
Later another friend C. picked me up and we drove to a place where a woman channels spirit guides and angels. I sat on the floor, and my friend K. rested her feet on my thigh. The room was filled with women, a few men I had never met, most of whom I consider my friends, my confidantes, the people I laugh with, have called crying, who know a little bit about every little nasty bit of me. I know them the same way. We share something in common.
Update: So the Doc ended up having to cut me open. I had a dermis cyst (if you get squeamish DON’T Google that!!) growing on my right ovary which was too large to remove via the scope. Surgery took about 2h and I’ll be in hospital till Sunday. I’ve had 2 shots of pethadine; which rocks; but otherwise the pain is manageable!
The stripe that's on the seat of the chair above, will then be going on these back cushions on the sofa below. Did you hear me when I told you I got the couch, two chairs, and the ottoman for $50? Bargain! I think I paid a total of $110 or so on fabric, and $50 on those back cushions, so all told, I got comfy new outdoor furniture for $210. Not bad!
FIRST REPORTS IN ON PHILLIPS V. AWG CORP.: The Federal Circuit Bar Association just completed a meeting with counsel for Phillips, AWG, and the USPTO immediately after their arguments at the Federal Circuit. The arguments were heavily attended at the Federal Circuit(250+ people), and it was standing-room-only. While nobody was ready to make any hard-and-fast predictions, there were a few interesting observations that were made about the oral proceedings:
--A friend of Mission of Hope told me she prays for us often and added she thinks I have the "coolest job."
What I will say is that We Bought a Zoo has to be the worst case of botched directing I’ve seen in a long time. The actors were good enough to rise above a wretched script, but apparently the director wasn’t.
We the People of America ARE the militia. Those that call us terrorists do so out of their own fear and at their own peril. Why? Because THEY are the illegitimate ones. The consent of the governed is slipping away from them. The onrushing police state is the final attempt to keep the power and the stolen goods for themselves. Will you allow your children and grandchildren to bear the shame of the German nation of the past 60 years? That they got what they deserved because the German people allowed a mad man and his satanic cult to steal their nation and plunge them into a genocidal war?
I used to like the way she would run out into the morning, often on the warmer days without bothering to dress in the clothes I’d laid out for her, just too feel the day pouring down on her skin.
Music Marketing – The right and wrong amounts of promoting and social media promotion for a gig – LW Music Consulting YouTube Video –
Bhumika Patel explains “Sita in the Ramayana: Female Empowerment Through Trial by Fire” with a mature flourish that presided throughout her entire presentation. I was almost inspired to change my major. Though she starts off with a few…technical glitches, Bhumika manages to bravely carry on her presentation, speaking from a womanist, feminist perspective about the story of the “Ramayana”, a Sanskrit epic poem which has “stuck with her over the years”. This particular story represents the ideal man and woman for many people in South Asia. Bhumika explains that she wanted us, as her audience, to understand how woman can become inspired through this entirely patriarchal story.
Punch: Marvy Uchida
You will understand yourself, question yourself. Compare where you came from to where you are. I have days when I miss America. I have days when I loathe it. Why do people care about Charlie Sheen and Amy Winehouse? How many marines died last week? How many kids in the horn of Africa died of hunger? I can’t even imagine dying of hunger. When I’m hungry, I eat.
Step Five:
And he then does a stupid, little macho dance. Arms down by his side and waddle of his caveman-like head.
The flavor and texture of tomatoes that ripen indoors after being repeatedly subjected to outdoor temps in the 30s are less than ideal, but they're much better than no tomatoes, and still miles above than anything you can buy in the supermarket, especially this time of year. Quickly roasting them coaxes out lots of flavor without taking hours of oven time.
Last week Nolan Fans reported that the third trailer for The Dark Knight Rises will be attached to The Avengers. Although both movies are made by different studios this won’t be the first time a DC trailer has preceeded a Marvel movie. In 2008 the third trailer for The Dark Knight previewed before Iron Man. However, it isn’t gauranteed that every print of The Avengers will feature The Dark Knight Rises trailer.
You want to know what I think is missing from Irish beer? Bravery. With just a few exceptions, mostly from the established companies, we're still stuck in the Stout-Lager-Red Ale Beermuda Triangle of traditional Irish styles, only now we have a hoppy-but-sessionable pale ale thrown in too. Metalman, while sticking to a solidly reliable pale ale to make a name for themselves, haven't been afraid to play around with other ideas for the limited editions. So we had the antipodean-hopped not-quite-amber ale mentioned above for one, and second up was a peppered witbier made with saison yeast: Alternator. Beer is all about diversity and Metalman get this gong for giving us that from the very start.
evolved into just a little of this and a little of that...
Our first webinar offered a quick refresher around the Types of Work Model; where it came from, what it is and, crucially, how it can be applied in a variety of situations.
Ghost 2: Well, this fool has a couple of dude’s with him, and they are standing around all serious with some sort of devices pointing around the room that are beeping for no reason, and then this guy starts yelling at me.
High levels of Vitamins and Native Oils combine for soft, smooth, touchable skin
Two points:
Almost totally abandoning my theory of mothering, I cosseted that plant - but only when no-one was looking. Cosseting doesn't count if you are the only one who knows about it and it is done secretly behind closed doors when everyone is asleep or out. It had the best windowsill, the correct amount of watering, the perfect compost, it was spoken to lovingly in the tenderest of whispers .... in spite of all this, last week DH compelled me to admit that it wasn't just dormant, but that it had literally curled up and died:
Not all employees are only motivated by pay, bonuses, and other benefits. There are also other people who like and need for their social needs to be met at work. They are also looking for a workplace in which regardless how much pressure they feel or how difficult the job is, they don’t get burned out or they feel like they’re not even working at all.
A Google search took me to the Wyoming Newspaper Project and I found a gold mine in those oil fields! It was purely on a lark that I typed in "Pecht" in the search engine and got more than 200 hits! And what hits they were! Every one one of these newspaper pages referenced the families of my great-grandfather, LeRoy (Roy) Pecht and his brother Albert Blair (A.B.) Pecht. I had downloaded more than 80 newspaper pages with articles about various family members before I finally called it quits for the day. I'll be back to finish up later!
Or how about this tractor?
At the Macy’s Department Store Thanksgiving Day parade, the actor playing Santa is discovered to be drunk by a whiskered old man. Doris Walker, the no nonsense special events director, persuades the old man to take his place. The old man proves to be a sensation and is quickly recruited to be the store Santa at the main Macy’s outlet. While he is successful, Ms. Walker learns that he calls himself Kris Kringle and he claims to be the actual Santa Claus. Despite reassurances by Kringle’s doctor that he is harmless, Doris still has misgivings, especially when she has cynically trained herself, and especially her daughter, Susan, to reject all notions of belief and fantasy. And yet, people, especially Susan, begin to notice there is something special about Kris and his determination to advance the true spirit of Christmas amidst the rampant commercialism around him and succeeding in improbable ways. When a raucous conflict with the store’s cruelly incompetent psychologist erupts, Kris finds himself held at Bellevue where, in despair, he deliberates fails a mental examination to ensure his commitment. All seems lost until Doris’ friend, Fred Gaily, reassure Kris of his worth and agrees to represent him in the fight to secure his release. To achieve that, Fred arranges a formal hearing in which he argues that Kris is sane because he is in fact Santa Claus. What ensues is a bizarre hearing in which people’s beliefs are reexamined and put to the test, but even so, it’s going to take a miracle for Kris to win.
Vincent Reinhart, economist at the American Enterprise Institute, and Carmen Reinhart, economist at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, offer something similar, damning the deal with faint praise: "No doubt, the deal enhances the probability that Greece will be able to squeak past its major debt refunding on 20 March … ".
Free State Brewing Co. Hop Jack Ale
This is worth "thinking about", but I don't believe one has to think too hard to come to the "right" conclusion - it's almost unbelievable (scary, would be more appropriate) that this could happen!!
It seems like an impossibility to change the media perception about my involvement in this case even though it’s false. They served their purpose by framing an innocent man at the beginning of the Breivik saga and now they want to ignore the real truth because it conflicts with their initial lies and smears.
Look away now if you’re a fan of rabbits or have them as pets, as this post probably isn’t for you. Some may say it’s cruel, even perverse to cook up a rabbit dish on a bank holiday weekend which has for its mascot a giant Easter egg delivering rabbit. Well, I had rabbits as pets when I was younger and they bit me a lot, leaving me with very little sympathy towards the creatures, so consider this revenge PJ, Funny Bunny and the er, one whose name I can’t remember! Plus, the Easter bunny brought me no eggs this year, apparently I’m “too old” or something so its fair to say I’m not a fan. So todays dish was rabbit bolognese from Jamies Great Britain (which I’m now renaming Easter Bunny bolognese) and had me up at 7am on Easter Monday to put it in the oven, because this bad boy takes 12 hours to cook. Yes, 12, I know. But after 20 minutes prep which involved browning some bacon and then chucking in a whole rabbit, veg, herbs, tinned tomatoes and beer I wisely went back to bed to enjoy the last day of the long weekend. Which meant waking up at 10 to the flat filled with this amazing aroma that made me wish it could have been cooked in half the time, as the cereal I had for breakfast really didn’t suppress the appetite this smell was creating. After 12 hours, Jamie instructed me to let it cool for a little while and then to don a pair of rubber gloves and start scrunching all the veg and the meat so that it turned into mush (the onions and veg were all put in whole at the start), and also to remove all the bones from the rabbit. This was tricky, as even after cooling down for half hour it was still very hot, and no matter how much you look, you will find small bits of bone while you’re eating the bolognese. I could have left it to cool for a little while longer, but by this time it was 7:30 and I was very hungry. Heat won’t stop me when my tummy’s rumbling! The verdict? Well it really wasn’t too impressive considering it took so long to cook and nearly burnt through the rubber gloves to my poor hands. While I do like Jamie Olivers recipes in general, sometimes I think he forgets that people aren’t chefs and don’t always have time/inclination/money to cook his long winded recipes. I don’t know about everyone else, but if I’m going to have to smell deliciousness for 12 hours and then nearly burn my hands, I’m going to want the taste to be just as good as the smell. At the end of the day he’s a chef and you can tell this when comparing his recipes to home cooks like Nigella. Nigellas’ recipes keep working, busy people fully in mind, whereas I feel Jamie gets so caught up in his own passion for food that he forgets not everyone is so enthusiastic, or if they are, they still aren’t chefs and want things to be simple and tasty. Don’t even get me started on Jamies 30 Minute Meals book, I could be here all day. I’ll save that for another post though, possibly when I cook from that very book. At the end of the day, I’ve made much better bolognese sauces or ragus from scratch in the past and it didn’t take as long and tasted a great deal nicer. There is absolutely loads of this left as well, which I’m a bit gutted about as I don’t have any desire to eat it again, but will not throw away. It’ll probably end up in the freezer for several years now, shame.
Out in the Andromeda, out in the hybrid galaxy, the Hypotenuse writhed around her own shoulder. She writhed inside her horrible, backward body, she writhed so that her insides chafed against the shell, so that her muscles rubbed raw agains the inside of her skin.
Our day had begun badly with one of those dreadful coffee experiences which make us realise why it’s worth guiding people to the best venues. We don’t like to name and shame so tend just to ignore and forget such places. In the end we were delighted at the three places we can now review for our Manchester day.
supporting prenatal testing…because on Santorum’s planet prenatal testing is a tool designed by heathens to do away with all detectable disabilities. In the real world…prenatal testing allows expecting parents to know the detectable health status of their pregnancy.
Who can see it, and who cares? Certainly not me.
Why a writing notebook? you may ask. Why not just tip, tap, type away on my laptop? My answer is simple. You need it. Writing with a pen or pencil is completely different from typing on a computer. It uses different parts of your body, different parts of your brain. I taught college for a long time, and I was always fascinated by a roomful of students taking an essay test. As their pencils moved, their whole bodies became involved in the writing process. Some bobbed their heads, some hunched over, some moved their mouths as if speaking the words, some slid right to the edge of their chairs, almost as if they were about to hop up and chase after the elusive perfect phrase. We don't use our whole bodies in the same way when we type, and we certainly don't use our brains in the same way. Writing by hand is messy business. When our hand moves across the page there's a direct physical connection between thought and hand and pen and page. We are touching our thoughts, tracing them, shaping them into being, almost like a sculptor. I'm talking magic, and that's just what we need to do some serious writing. So if you feel like working on your writing this winter, get yourself a writing notebook--or start a new one special just for 2011. If you feel artsy, decorate it. If you can't be bothered with that, leave it plain. But DO put your name and email address on it, and do write somewhere on the inside cover a dollar amount award for its recovery if lost. Make it have value right from the start. Make it your very own.
Now… I was never in any real danger. Another couple of feet and he would have recognized me – at the very least – as the girl with the hotdogs. (Not as cool as ‘the girl who was on fire’, but I’ll take what I can get.)
I was determined to buy English this time around. Now I estimate that you probably will pay £200/£300 for some hand made English shoes, but that I will get ten years out of them.
She took her hand away, but it was still night-time, and cloudy, moonless. Only the distant fire, somehow now high above them, shone muted by the Sherim's depths. Better not to twist around and try to get a look at their predator; doing so would only risk his place in the Sherim. Still, he could at least do something about Taslin's embrace.
People use humour to deal with all sorts of things including tragedy. I, as regular readers all know, have suffered from depression for the better part of my life, but I don’t find that my humour suffers when I’m depressed. If anything, and I even mentioned this to my doctor, I’d say it improves; he had no answer for that. I wrote my first two novels while deeply depressed and they’re full of humorous situations. I favour dry humour delivered deadpan, I take especial pleasure in wordplay, but with the exception of slapstick there’s not much I don’t enjoy when it comes to comedy. I have a replica of the late, great Eric Morecambe’s statue – the one on Morecambe’s sea front – in the living room and I display a photo of him in one of the bookcases – a card my daughter saw and aware of my affection for the man couldn’t resist getting for me.
The truth will out.
would grow up?
Alan Gross. I’ll press a top foreign official to reveal exactly what
I was already feeling a bit old and vulnerable after falling, and this didn't help.
<U+041F><U+0425><U+0410><U+041D><U+0413> <U+0438> <U+0421><U+0410><U+041D><U+0413> Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler The Middle East Media Sampler 3/7/2012: J-Street vs AIPAC Lebanese Apartheid Week (poster) <U+0420><U+0435><U+0438><U+043D><U+043A><U+0430><U+0440><U+043D><U+0430><U+0446><U+0438><U+044F> <U+0410><U+043D><U+0442><U+0438><U+0445><U+0440><U+0438><U+0441><U+0442><U+0430>. <U+0411><U+043B><U+043E><U+043A><U+0431><U+0430><U+0441><U+0442><U+0435><U+0440> <U+0438><U+0441><U+043B><U+0430><U+043C><U+0441><U+043A><U+043E><U+0433><U+043E> <U+043C><U+0438><U+0440><U+0430> Tomorrow I will be posting a vlog about women in the #IDF. Stay tuned! #InternationalWomensDay #IDF @Chriscarroll50 thanks!!! Will the Palestinians Launch a Third “Intifadah” War on Israel? Barry Rubin: Will the Palestinians Launch a Third “Intifada” War on Israel? Oh joy…. Ystrdy 3307 tons of good&gas (including 156 tons of soft-drinks) entered #Gaza from #Israel via Kerem Shalom crossing Hamas denies report; says it would hit Israel if Iran is attacked
Second, does it have any connection with appearance? As we have seen in the previous paragraph it does. Does the clothing have to meet a certain standard? The only standard that I am aware is that standard that expresses itself in godliness. There is no certain length to a skirt, no certain arrangement to a blouse top, and neither is there an exhortation that a man must wear a shirt. But there is a connection to apparel that has propriety in view, something that is respectable, suitable, and decent. In the end, the individual will have to judge what is best, but they need to do so in accordance with godliness. If one does not use this standard, then the only standard remaining is one’s own. Can one be pleasing to God with such a standard? Moreover, if godliness has its start in the heart, it can’t help but to come out in the appearance.
Frozen meatballs are another one of my favorite time savers. I've found turkey meatballs and Veggie Patch brand meatless meatballs. Naturally, they're great in spaghetti, and the leftovers make great meatball sandwiches. Today I got out a recipe for Albondigas, a Mexican meatball soup. It calls for chicken broth, but I use vegetable broth, canned tomatoes, chopped celery and onion, and a sliced zucchini and chopped cilantro. I didn't have the zucchini or cilantro, but I did have carrots and kale. I also added a little bit of orzo. Because the kale cooks pretty quickly, I added it last. When it had wilted just a little bit, I removed half of the soup to another pan, and added turkey meatballs to one, and meatless meatballs to the other. Instead of albondigas, I made more of an Italian wedding soup. It satisfied my craving and is delish!
Every mile or so I would think “do I have more?”. Pause. Then, “HELL YES I DO!”. It started that way and eventually it was “yes, I do” (no screaming but always a positive, yes, I have more) and never was it “No, I can’t”.
He was okay with all the consequences, which of course, to me, meant that none of them were good enough. Then I told him he was going to have to write an apology letter to the Principal and deliver it to him personally. Well, that was it…the angry flood of tears, shouting, and horror began. Yes…at last…I had found something that was going to work.
She has found a way to make school serve her purpose -which I think is a good thing. But I wonder how long will that last?
I made it to round 2! Thank you all for your support and had to do another video that you can see here.
integration design, migration strategies, etc.
Mother Nature put a damper on my potting bench project for the past couple days.
"The parents would freak, of course, a mohel with Parkinson's and just to get rid of him would hand Shecky a check for $125. Shecky would apologize--say he was steady as a rock, really--but in the end, he'd take the money, a few sandwiches and run."
Have you ever wished you could make yourself look less tired in a photo, or wanted to remove a blemish that popped up the morning it was taken? Did the lighting make your under-eye circles look even worse than they really are? Well, you can easily fix all of that in digital photos, and I show you how in less than 10 minutes!
The water will avoid the production of PAHs – Formed when dripping fat flares up, charring the underside of the meat. In reality, you can get PAH’s when you burn your toast. You also will contribute to maintain the minerals inside of the food due to the existing air density caused by this method. Due to this trick, only the fat will fall on the water.
Just the very thought of hosting a party thrills me to my very fingertips and right out to my toes. Once I've settled on a theme, my mind goes into an absurd state of overdrive as I get more enthused about the creative possibilities. The visions build and build and build (shame the budget doesn't). My family and friends generally groan, largely because I get a bit over the top in my plans and then need to call for support, only once I have agreed to admit the absurdity and pare back! None the less everyone does enjoy themselves (even the ridiculous dress up themes).
Saturday morning I decided I would finish trimming and hauling the holly hedge. This is an undertaking because it's 2oo linear feet of hedges and uphill hauling. As the clock rolled around to mid afternoon I noticed some of the bushes were looking droopy. This is not a good sign. I never get too worried when the annuals go to drooping but when the shade growing bushes get the droop it is an indication of urgent need. So I turned the sprinklers on and went to fetch bags of mulch.
Now, since he was feeling much better, he decided to give a thought about his restless behaviour. He asked himself as to why was he tensed for a petty little thing? Because this was not the first time. There have been instances like this before. Just a week ago, Iqra had gone off to sleep while doing her project work. He was expecting a call or text from her at that time too but when he didn’t receive one; he went off to sleep himself. So why this restlessness now?
Louise Meintjes' Sound of Africa! documents the making of Isigqi's 1992 album by placing it within the context of South Africa's political history and the lineage of mbaqanga music itself. The only major flaw with the book is not the text - it is the fact that a copy of Lomculo Unzima was not included with the finished work. Long out of print, this album is presented to you by Electric Jive in the hope of plugging something of a gap that has remained unfilled heretofore. Although the material here does stray quite a bit from EJ's usual focus, we are sharing this recording not only to assist the ongoing internet documentation of all South African musics, but to bring added colour to the words of Meintjes' book - and to bring the voices of Jane Dlamini, Joana Thango and Janet Dlamini... and every musician associated with them... to life.
And when I achieved this feat
Maybe this is how it is for the those who swear by the power of Positive Thinking. It was for me a time of easy living and no cares, because, as I have said, everything worked. When it all inevitably fell apart and I lost everything I worked so hard for, the world still carried on, was still fucked up, was still in deep shit. But I hadn’t noticed that when I was carried aloft in the flow of fortune. Being given what I wanted somehow cast an impenetrable curtain before my eyes that blinded me to the disgusting, horrible shit that was going down in the world all around me. As the reversal of fortune swept me away in the other direction, I was able to the others who were being swept away along that same black tide, far, far worse off than me. The curtain that was so effective in allowing me to expect to live a happy, fulfilling life without regards to others, was beginning to come down.
Metaphors may also be used in ways that introduce bias to mainstream news, but often go unnoticed because they are so engrained in the way that we speak. Otto Santa Ana discusses the ways in which language used by the media can create and maintain negative images of groups of people in his book “Brown Tide Rising.”
There was only mummy and Princess at home last night after kakak left for the day, and out of a sudden, Princess came to mummy and hugged mummy... then she whisper "Happy Mothers' Day, Mummy"! Mummy went like 'huh'?
you are so easily able to express your thoughts or ideas by explaining. i know that can seem like a burden, but it is amazing to see you use it for good. that's what you do. use your gift for good.
3, 4 sourced from a recently-surfaced extremely low generation "rough mix" tape, from an unnamed band associate or member
So here, my friend, is to the bullet casings on your floor,
4. I had drinks with Billy Joel. I did. I don’t think he would remember me, cuz he was absolutely smashed after his concert in West Virginia, but he did tell me some secrets, like how much he disliked Hall and Oates. Really.
It's been snowing all day and the sun is nowhere in sight. When it returns, I will receive it with joy - and sunscreen. Yes, even in winter.
What is Scheduled in Manassas
3) A Tall Café Mocha. The title for this post comes from my favorite cup of coffee. This stuff is truly my muse juice as it has had a place next to my computer from the very beginning. From outlining to revising the third draft I have relied on my muse juice to keep me focused and relaxed. Besides that, its chocolate coffee. What more could I want in life??
For years people have been asking me why I don't put my books on Amazon.com and/or why I don't offer credit card purchases. Long story about the why... but the good news is, older dogs can learn new tricks, although not easily, mind you (LOL).
Ithaca Beer Company Brute
Franz
As Alice was wandering around in Wonderland, she asked the Cheshire Cat as to which direction she should walk.
The #Sessionbeerday Haiku Contest yielded a response dwarfed the #International Stout Day Haiku Contest, and simply blew away the drinkdrank Facebook Fan Page Photo Contest. The number of entries was simply staggering this go round. Okay, that last bit may have been a little over the top, but anyway, check out what came in:
I sat cross-legged and felt at one with the universe! (LOL) The thought exploded in my mind that everything was connected, everything was one, there was no separation, and that if everything in the universe was connected and one, then there was nothing to fear. I pondered this for a while and it made sense to me. I felt like I had just been given one of the secrets of the universe. Then, I suddenly heard a rattle sound coming from directly in front of me about 20 feet away. I opened my eyes and was startled and wondered what could be making that noise. I knew that rattlesnakes were common in these hills, but this was no rattlesnake. Then I heard the noise again, this time coming from the right of me, still out about 20 feet away. I thought, maybe someone was playing a trick on me, but I realized that there was no one out here, I was alone, and, besides, how could a person move noiselessly through the chaparral without me hearing them? I was getting sacred and wondered what was going on. Then I heard the noise, except this time it was directly behind me. Then, again in front, except this time it was closer. The noise grew louder and louder as it continued to circle me. I suddenly became very afraid and my mind raced back to the Carlos Castaneda books that talked of encounters with spirit beings similar to the one I was encountering now. Whatever it was circled again growing closer with each pass that it made. Then it was right in front of me. Now remember that at this point I was still sitting cross-legged on the ground. Something came at me and gently pushed me backward and held me there. If you were in the “lotus” position this is impossible to do as the weight of your upper body would tilt you, and you would fall over backward. This was not the case though. This demonic spirit, I call it that because that is what it was, held me there for a while and then slowly let me up. Once it did, I jumped to my feet and started slamming my open palm against my thigh. This was a technique that I had read about from Castaneda who used it when a spirit that he did not want to deal with would come to him. This action would apparently repel the spirit. Once I had done this, another thought came into my mind and it said that if I had opened myself up to the spirit it would have been able to take me out of my body and shown me the secrets of the universe.
If you are inclined to make a donation could I make a plea on behalf of the RDA.....
Anyways, this post isn't going to be full of pictures like my other ones...sometimes you just need to express yourself through words. That's why I started this blog in the first place.
Keepin’ eyes opened and heart in its case. Ready to absorb all I can on this journey.
Back to the planters…there I go again. Anyway, I sculpted my planters using stoneware clay, fired them in the kiln at a high temperature and then adorned them with all sorts of embellishments I had in my studio.
Let us all join in this united legion, in this tsunami of change. Yes, it is the universal law, but let us also say, change does not equal chaos. It does not need to. It does need to result in you feeling displaced. Lift it up and put in a better place — yes, that is important for all of you — but not displaced, and certainly never endangered. The Mother’s plan of unfoldment does not include endangering those she cherishes.
23 sculptors
WHAT IT IS: A 5k run/walk (approximately 3.1 miles). You can run, walk, or skip. It’s up to you. There’s no time limit and there’s just one requirement: that you participate! You can do it inside or outside, on a treadmill or on a track, or even do a swim or a bike ride instead of running/walking – just get moving!
This photo shoot was instead the turning point of my life. The experience of being a model seems enchanting, yet controversial to my ‘nerdy’ life. Hoverer, the amount of satisfaction I have earned from my first shoot was significant enough to inspire me to be a top model.
The space is small. Somehow, it looks bigger on camera and keeping it rather simple further tricks the eye into believing it is more spacious. Still, I would love a place to put a bottle of wine or a casserole dish mid-meal without crowding the table or having to run to the kitchen counter every ten minutes. Not that the kitchen is far, but who likes their host dashing back and forth the whole meal? A handy surface would make life easier, but with such cramped quarters the options are limited (the chair touches the wall under the painting when pulled out, so anything would have to be really tucked into that corner, to the right, and pretty small, so folks can still squeeze by).
The author, Alexa, was a blogger at Flotsam, before she was a published author. She posts there quite frequently, and I find her style funny and refreshing.
In a couple of days, it will mark my one year anniversary of living in San Francisco. When I graduated college, I wanted to live/work in one of three cities: SF, NYC or London. Fortunately, I got myself a job in SF and have been here since.
If there are creditors who are always calling your phone to collect a debt, then it will leave u feeling frustrated. If you file for any of these chapters, you will be able to find a way to settle this debts. These are some Texas and Bankruptcy information that you must know before you file. It is important that you seek a lawyer if you are planning to file this.
Anyway on that sweeping generalisation I shall go to bed! Good night and it is very nice to be back!
This year the Murrells & the Lewises joined us!
And so, this weekend, I filled my empty pallet with the likes of petunias, purple sage, and parsley. To make a pallet garden, you’ll need a variety of 2<U+2033> inch starters, a staple gun and staples, a pallet, landscaping fabric, and 2 giant bags of potting soil. Cover the back, bottom, and sides of the pallet with the landscaping fabric, making sure to staple all the loose ends along the way.
Then the Congress of Vienna met, which brought together all the heads of state, to decide the future of Europe after Napoleon. This was one of Beethoven’s moments of glory. He was invited to play many times, bringing him recognition and admiration of which he could be truly proud.
It's kind of hard to explain, why I wanted to see the Vatican Splendors exhibit at the Minnesota History Center. Of course I wanted to experience the art and the dazzling, ancient treasures. But this seemed personal somehow. Due in part, I'm sure, to having been raised Catholic. Whatever my experience with the church, whatever my current beliefs or spiritual practices, that will never leave me and I will always have immediate response to it on a soul level.
If this was Bush, the whole world would be up in arms. But Obama is letting these people away with murder - literally - and whilst people are talking about it, nobody's causing that much of a fuss.
* There are many other examples of time not being consistent with brilliant physicist Daniel Faraday's payload arriving to the "Island" after being launched from the freighter and with the time of death with Dr. Ray arriving to the "Island" after being killed on the freighter. And I always found it interesting that Lapidus needed to follow a bearing to "fly" to the freighter (which of course shows us Desmond having his amazing "Flashes") and the 305 bearing had to be followed when traveling by raft in Cabin Fever.
In a medium-sized bowl, add all ingredients except sour cream. Mix well. Add the sour cream and mix again. Serve cold with crackers or chips.
Ugly, ugly beer. Just super murky. Sort of a terrible nose, too, reminiscent of dishwater which is never good. I think it was a mix of the hops from the base beer as I've smelled it before on some of their beers. Regardless of why it smelled like it did, it didn't make me terribly interested in drinking it. Started watery with some slight funk but nothing much else. It didn't grow on itself like the others nor did it make me want to keep drinking more. Not everything can be a winner though so we'll just scratch this as experimentation gone wrong. Of course, some people would probably disagree with me and thought it was good so realize this is just my opinion of it.
Then it was down to the tranquil, sun-drenched garden of Place Louis Achille -- one of my favourite hidden gardens in the Marais. It was deserted. Just me, the little man (who was slumbering in the pram by now -- hallelujah, praise be to God) and an explosion of colourful tulips.
Although it’s not written in this passage, our pastor indicated we should pay attention to what appears to be behind the story that first appears in Genesis 4. The young men made a sacrifice, probably because God instructed the first family to do so. Sacrifice meant shedding of blood. We learn God said without the shedding of blood there is no remission of sin. If our just God rejected Cain’s vegetables, evidence shows the young man didn’t obey the Heavenly Father.
All I could see was foliage.
“This is the most far-reaching CBA in the country," declares ACORN's Lewis, who is contractually obligated to support the project. Unmentioned is that experts like Bettina Damiani of Good Jobs New York have described how more legitimate CBAs bring together groups that would ordinarily oppose a project, rather than the groups that signed this CBA.
Impossible. Rel found himself glaring in anger at the injured man below him. He'd seen Rissad captured, then starving for a long time in Wildren captivity, sunk into the concrete of the ledge. He could see the sheer-sided oval hole where the Gatemaker had somehow used his Gift to cut himself free, and the heap of rubble where he'd smashed the rock still encasing his legs. That much of the viewing had been accurate. Could he have misunderstood the Clearviewing so badly?
Acquired from: gift from mum, April 2012
I encourage you to buy this amazing deck. My clients love it. Jennifer and her art students have created something unique and very special. They can be purchased at cost $20.00 as a professional courtesy, tax deductible from JennyHereth@gmail.com or online through http://iartistsinfluence.org/#home for $50.00 tax deductible thru Paypal. 100% of the profits go to teem projects. Shipping is free.
A really great trick is to lie them out on a piece of white bristol board,
Rel's cheeks burned. Laughing, Dora skipped away down the brow towards the grey sprawl of Vessit. Skipped, when she hadn't skipped since being Gifted her Four Knot almost ten years ago. Unable to help himself, Rel met Taslin's eyes. Her mirth faded like the pantomime it was, replaced by the kind of blank expression a Wilder should have.
Working on a Building by The Bad Livers
Lupus held up the sponge-stick and shrugged, as if to say: It's a sponge-stick.
29. Proletarian Strategy Part 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, argues that the strategy of the statist Left is useless. It relies on what Marx described as “guerilla tactics”, from which it hopes to make incremental gains in its membership, ready for some cataclysmic revolutionary upheaval. It disdains attempts to change property relations through Co-ops in the meantime. No war in history has been won by such tactics.
He moved from there to the mountain east of Bethel, and he pitched his tent with Bethel on the west and Ai on the east; there he built an altar to the Lord and called on the name of the Lord —Genesis 12:8
But does this make any sense? Does making arbitrary rules help a child prepare for the inevitable unfairness of nature? Is a 10:00 curfew unfair in the same way as a Category 5 hurricane, or a sudden strike by Cancer?
6........I teach......cough..... a craft class on a monday morning ...to a fab bunch of very eager crafters
seen its last day. We're just about ready to
Surveys on NBC.com are annoying
Looking at a blank wall in the brewery and suddenly a devious plan was hatched. A quick look at the internet revealed that climbing wall holds were easily attainable. Job sorted, daughter happy, and I now have a climbing wall in the brewery that I can play on whenever I like.
A Christmas Wedding Tail ... Hallmark Channel ... 8 PM
Will reply to all your lovely comments tomorrow (sorry just don't have any spare time right now! aaarghhh) <U+2665>
It's spring here in Oklahoma--even pushing into summer with our upcoming high of 85. At this point in the year, I'm usually bracing for snow and ice (because usually I'm living up north), but this March, I'm walking through the world with a light jacket and watching the trees flower.
Prime time: Friday and Saturday nights
but the bottomline is,
“Are you drunk?”
At the United Nations headquarters, leaders of the world voiced their dissatisfaction that none of the UN members did anything big to ensure that the moment would be celebrated next year onwards.
Here’s your very own vocal-care guide full of effective tips essential to performing at your professional best. Along with the added bonus of improving your health, these tips are very voice over-specific.
Fortune Seekers are flooding the megacity Bombay daily from the various provinces. Many of them are living and working at countless large construction sites in the city.
It all started with Jawaharlal Nehru, who was the first Prime Minister of India after independence from Britain. Nehru's only daughter was Indira Gandhi, who had two stints as prime minister before being assassinated in 1984. Her elder son Rajiv succeeded he lost an election and was later assassinated in 1991. Her other son, Sanjay, also had a ton of political power but never held office and died in a plane crash in 1980. Rajiv's wife Sonia then became involved in politics and now leads the Congress Party in India. Many believe she's the most powerful person in the country. Her son, Rahul, is the heir apparent to this political dynasty and is currently a prominent member of parliament.
a house just isn't complete without a toy corvette that makes a peeling out sound. this was actually left at our house long before tristan was born by some friends visiting from out of town. tashi grew very attached to it. proof that boy toys are girl toys too.
San Japan was pretty effing awesome!
According to police sources, Ghagara sarpanch Banodini Parida did not allow any development work to take place, including connection of a Government-sponsored water pipe line, in a Dalit ward of the panchayat at the behest of her father Balaram Parida. Balaram blocked the pipe water project in the ward for avenging on the residents who did not cast their votes to her daughter.
Stamps: Serendipity
Because the museum is not owned by the State or Federal Parks system and therefore relies on private donations and admission fees to keep it up and running, some of the exhibits were more accessible than others (Becky Thatcher's house for example was completely closed for renovation) and others were in need of some repair and updating. However, it was very interesting to learn about Mark Twain's early life and see some of the places that inspired the novels. All weekend J and I both remarked that we needed to go back and reread The Adventures of Tom Sawyer again after everything we had read and seen!
Don’t take the design as a hint about the final look of BlackBerry 10 devices either; visually, this is a cut-down PlayBook, from the soft-touch rubbery material and metal BlackBerry logo on the back to the curved corners and the slight lip around the glass front.
And drowned the sense in odours; stirred by the air
I have learned from Jim Rohn and will continue to study, learn and practice all that Rohn believed and taught. I will follow in his footsteps until I too have made a fortune!
On Tuesday, (10/11/2011), the U.S. Supreme Court declined to review Mumia Abu-Jamal's case. Prosecutor's will now have to accept the life sentence already issued, or pursue a second death penalty sentence. If City Prosecutors do decide to pursue a re-hearing, it will cost the city millions of dollars. I'm going to sit back and wait to see if the city continues to waste money pursuing this.
The sixth book is intriguing and fantastic to read. I like that we were taken back in time to see the earlier members of the MacGregor family. The firery MacGregors are not a thing from the past. Their stubbornness is as old as time. You got to see how they were spread out and finally made it to America where some will stay permentanly.
test of a really good cook – if you don’t get your temperature, speed and
Luke Doucet & Melissa McClelland @ The Basement
“Continuing his theme, and because he is a bit bored, Charondigliani was taken by the first snow of Winter today. He was also traumatised by Snow White and the Seven Investment Bankers many years ago as a ‘difficult’ child. . Charondigliani’s use of his drug of choice – Rioja – was clearly an inspiration behind this ‘work’. No automobile spraycan paint was used in this – but Charondigliani did use some chalk to create that subtle translucence so necessary to suggest a degree of bollocks in modern painting. Cokehead, Charondigliani’s parrot was also most taken with this painting. When it was first exhibited, a Police Community Support Officer arrested Charondigliani under the Terrorism Act for being in possession of a ‘Class A’ painting. Fortunately, a senior Metropolitan Police Officer friend of Charondigliani was able to tell the PCSO to stop being stupid and go back to eating buns on street corners with his PCSO mates.”Police Community Support Officer Review
There's some precedent.
So much is still not publicly known.
Most of my closest friends in high school were my classmates since the first grade! It really pays off to have studied in one school for 10 years. I got to keep a solid set of sisters and nothing much has changed over the years, well, except for our different career paths. But other than that, we're basically the same old crazy-ass girls who kicked and fought our way through elementary and high school life together. :)
breath, holding - see fainting mishaps
Maybe I'm craving chaos again!? maybe the same guy for so long is tiring! (longest relationship), maybe I'm just mentally ill!
(Razorlight - who needs love?)
Dig That Groove Theme Tune 2:19
Now, as for the poignancy; it’s here in Jedi that all the previous threads of stories come together. Vader and Luke confront each other about Vader’s last declaration - the ultimate debate between a domineering father and his distraught, confused son. As they battle together near the end, resentment and anger surface and play a part in deciding a victor almost as much as forgiveness of sins past. Needless to say, it ends in what is perhaps (if you’ve never seen it before) a most unexpected selfless act.
(CONTINE DEVELOPING THIS SECTION
41 Convert this square into a Movie clip symbol, call it start screen and click OK. The registration point for this one isn’t important.
But my point here in remembering Joiner here is not his greatness but his timing -- even though he never has a season where he led the league in receptions, yards or receiving touchdowns (and never really came all that close), made only one All-Pro team and was often, even in his best years, the second or third best receiver on his own team (behind Kellen Winslow, Wes Chandler or John Jefferson), he was inducted in the Hall of Fame in 1996, in part because of his amazing consistency and durability (he played 18 years), and in part -- I would say -- because he held the record for most receptions and receiving yards when he retired.
Changing Words
He initiated the Akshaya Patra program to provide mid-day meals to underprivileged children in the Government schools of Bangalore Rural District during July 2000.
Going a bit farther back, no less a figure than Bill Monroe himself trod the Inn’s humble stage. You could make a movie about this place’s many brushes with fame, and it appears that one Patrick Isbey has done just that. Click here to see a clip from his documentary, The Station Inn: True Life Bluegrass.
o Child pornography
5. Balancing Act
Recipe from The Royal Cook - an original!
In fact, I can even do something beforehand to postpone or hopefully terminate those feelings before they arise.
I have a hard time believing that we are at the one year mark since Max's kidney transplant. I still have to remind myself of the rollercoaster ride that we were on just a short year ago. Believe it or not, I barely remember life before July 8, 2010. The dialysis and endless meds seem like a lifetime ago. Fighting to keep Max alive was what got us out of bed every day. When I look back on some of my past blog posts, I have a hard time believing that that was me writing those words. I feel like I am looking into someone else's life and can't believe what that family has gone through to get their little boy to where he is today. Then I realize that that was our life. All of the surgeries, hospital stays and visits, dialysis treatments, tests, therapy sessions, blood draws, the sleepless nights and all of the tears- we lived that. Not only did we live it, but we survived it, and I am so proud of who we have become because of the journey that we chose to live. It was a journey of struggle and heartache, but it was also a journey of determination and love for one little boy. A little boy who has taught us more in his three years of life than we have learned in our 28-30 years of life.
He grabbed his braces in his fists and, gasping for breath, danced round her once again. She span on her bottom, her legs swinging around the hay bale, laughing all the while, as Danny skipped round her. He stopped and lent forward, gasping, hands on his knees.
Finish: Chilham Station TR078536
Father: Josiah Franklin –
Let priests in all their person stay at the level of their lofty functions, let every man find them simple and great, like the Holy Eucharist, accessible to all yet above the rest of men. O my God, grant them to carry with them from the Mass of today, a thirst for the Mass of tomorrow, and grant them, ladened themselves with gifts, to share these abundantly with their fellow men. Amen.
Management of the A&E department was poor, with problems including lack of leadership, poor environment and huge delays.
So if you are thinking of writing for children, or have written a book or a short story for 'children' please go back and think about who it is for and what kind of book that child will be wanting to read or have read to them. See which publishers publish which kind of books so that you are informed about the market.
Do my arms
So here’s what I think: Men, don’t be afraid to be put in The Friend Zone. Dude, you’re getting a friendship with a cool woman who can offer you fun times, great conversations, and perspectives on life and love you might otherwise miss out on. It’s something to be cherished. You will find another woman who will be willing to jump in the sack with you. Heck, your friend might introduce you one day!
brumsky
Funnily enough, just the other day I was talking to a neighbour, Monsieur Bosquet, who pointed out that this is an exceptional year for the Morel mushroom and inquired as to whether I had seen any?
I REALLY liked this. Saisons are supposed to pair well with lots of food. I ate some "flavor x-treme" cheddar goldfish with this and thought it was excellent. Sour, crisp ale and salty, cheesey crackers? It's good for me!!
Which brings me to the Social Media Time Suck. As an author, I know how important self-promotion is, but it takes up so much time. It also is a fine line between “look at me, look at me” and simply being present. I have to admit I am shy when it comes to social media. I’m much more of a stalker than a tweeter or a poster on Facebook. I try to post but I can’t seem to find anything witty enough to say. I need a good hash tag. Any suggestions on one I can start? I see a lot of authors doing clever lines about their books. I love that. I don’t like it when they just repeat verbatim excerpts from their books over and over again. Blatant self-promotion is not my thing.
Then how is she managing it all own her own? Judy admits she would not have been able to start-up at all without winning the NESTA founding, called Starter for six and the JOLOMO award. She learned a lot of what she knows about business from NESTA support, where she got lectures on things like cash flow and yearly projections, something I think we all accept at this stage we know nothing about. She jokes as long as you keep all your invoices extremely organised and can bribe a friend to help you, you’ll be fine. Nesta provides you with enough money to start-up but she says she would advise us to try to not to spend so much money when just starting out. After Nesta she entered the JOLOMO award, an award set up by the artist John Lowrie Morrison to encourage and recognise young emerging talent. She said she was completely broke before JOLOMO so has always described it as the stepping stone to her career.
10. Swimming Home
Come on! That's just 12 and a half days of a thousand words - which is about two hours' steady writing each weekday until school holidays bring all the chicks home to roost once more.
Lots of reasons to say yes to whatever God asks of us. Thankful that I have all of these moments to cherish and document. Thankful for the smile that was upon my face as I remembered each of these moments...stress and all!
Director Kim Ki-young Special Documentary (52 minutes)
There was an interesting result to this. First, only one person got it right. Second, of those who got it wrong, everyone apart from one thought the correct answer was Josie. And third, something a bit odd and Wastedesque has happened. See, when I thought of the two wrong options of Josie and Laura, I thought I was doing it purely randomly, just picking names out of my head and they could have been anything. Then I forgot about it. A few days ago, I started writing a new book. I couldn't think of the character's name at first, and then the name I chose was...Josie, again thinking it was just any name. Only when I looked at all the competition entries last night did I realise that a) Josie was one of the false options I'd given you, and b) that everyone apart from two of you would think that was the correct answer.
They were such fun to make (such fun!). They are made from chickpea flour which is also called gram flour. They are more like pancakes than bread, soft and spongy.
‘Did ye never hear yon sound afore?’ said Osie to me, interrupting.
“So the talkin’ gorilla comes to pay ol’ Ma Hibberd a visit!” she cackled. “I seen stranger things than thee, my hairy one. Whatcha want?”
But think about this for a moment: An ad platform created by a millennial originally for other millennials—the most diverse U.S. generation ever—accounts for nearly one in three online ad impressions and spans all demographics, but it doesn’t ask for your race or ethnicity on your profile. It therefore can’t explicitly target in this key way. Nor can MySpace, or LinkedIn or Twitter.
For the Port Authority the no action alternative is unacceptable. Maintaining the status quo would lead to almost a 33 percent increase in traffic and associated costs in New York City, according to Laura Shabe, Port Authority manager of the Cross Harbor Freight Program.
And I wanted to say goodbye to it....
I was the 2010-2011 Wilber Czech Queen for my hometown. It was an experience that is a life changer! I traveled to many new places and got to meet a ton of new people. I wanted to do a little review over it to fill all of you in on all the things that happened that year so here's my story.
and we must embrace our aching goodbye...
Fifth, that Jerusalem was actually destroyed by Nebuchadnezzar’s armies in 607 BC. The date for Jerusalem’s destruction is one of the most accurately fixed of ancient history. More, significantly, the historical sources that establish the date for Babylon’s fall in 539 BC, (which date the Watchtower Society does accept and, in fact, which it uses as the starting point for its 1914 calculations) are exactly the same sources that establish 587/6 BC as the date for Jerusalem’s destruction! Several independent lines of evidence (historical, astronomical, archeological, etc.) point to the date of 587/86 BC, not 607 BC, as the date of Jerusalem’s destruction. There is not a single line of historical evidence which supports the 607 BC date. (See The Gentile Times Reconsidered, Carl Olof Jonsson, Commentary Press, 1998 for a detailed discussion of this topic.)
Team Boom Vs Awesome Truth kicked the show off, and the match was good, but we had a crappy ending. That’s okay, because it’s not the end of the feud with these four men.
Q: How many Liberals does it take to change a light bulb?
Are you still with me?
When Jesus addressed His disciples, He instructed each of them that they must “deny himself, take up his cross daily and follow me.” Jesus’ message is clear to us all, in order to follow Him, we must have the same attitude toward life and death that He had. Each one us must deny ourselves, that is, not think selfishly about ourselves, but look out for and towards others. You must be prepared to take up your cross daily, that is, you must have total and daily commitment in order to survive the path of rejection that comes with following Jesus.
This Tuesday's (7/12) Five for $5 Tasting will be another Great lineup of beers!
Mom, Dad, Matilda, Jeff and I played mini golf.
Okay so I'm starting to regret taking weekly pictures :-S Remember the camera adds 10 pounds.
But extended family, it could be you
When they left, tears freely flowed. I asked you if you could hear me. I hope you did. I hope you heard the things I wasn’t able to tell you before.
We weren’t the only ones waiting there on the beautiful Saturday morning. There were a couple of tourists, some guys on old trucks, probably locals. Once we were allowed to go we passed that part that clearly was in the need of repair, parked on a side of the road just across from Albee Creek campground, packed up and went off on the trail, sort of.
A friend of mine posted a thought provoking picture on Facebook which got me thinking about how far one can go expressing one’s views before the PC Police step in and tell you that the line has been crossed.
The American Angus Association is the nation’s largest beef organization, serving 30,000 members across the United States and Canada. It provides programs and services to farmers, ranchers and others who rely on the power of Angus to produce quality genetics for the beef industry and quality beef for consumers.
into the blaze of death
’cause I don’t think that they’d understand.
We wear the mask
Let the years pass unnoticed. Get a career, not a job. Buy a house. Have two striking children. Try to raise them well. Fail, frequently. Lapse into a bored indifference. Lapse into an indifferent sadness. Have a mid-life crisis. Grow old. Wonder at your lack of achievement. Feel sometimes contented, but mostly vacant and ethereal. Feel, during walks, as if you might never return, or as if you might blow away on the wind. Contract a terminal illness. Die, but only after you observe that the girl who didn’t read never made your heart oscillate with any significant passion, that no one will write the story of your lives, and that she will die, too, with only a mild and tempered regret that nothing ever came of her capacity to love.
Here's the thing, however; I pick up the movie to read the back cover and see what extras, documentaries, this and that are contained therein, and I hear that thing that any DVD purchaser/collector dreads to hear when they pick up a DVD case:
Bloemfontein - Managers and officials of the Setsoto local municipality could face criminal and disciplinary charges over allegations of theft, fraud and corruption, the Free State government said on Thursday.
Many sites provide badges, little graphics that represent the site or some achievement, to supporters who then post them on their blogs or other sites. One example of this is on LinkedIn. When you join a LinkedIn group, you have the option to display the group’s badge on your profile so others see you’re a member. Badges are also given by sites like FourSquare to signify some achievement or status. It’s a good way to enable and encourage evangelists. There are also other types of badges that recognize achieve­ments of your supporters, such as “Top Blogger” or “Most Valuable Evangelist.”
There’s now a small gap where they need to wait for the votes to come in, lines close at 9pm. So the compare is on stage and working the studio nicely. He has four signed cue cards and is playing a game (of ‘who’s the biggest fan’) to determin who should get them. He’s having music from the four coaches played, and the people who know all the lyrics, or who are dancing most energetically will be the winners. It’s fun to watch if nothing else. He keeps the audience engaged while we wait and nothing is going on.
Hain, Cameron and Miliband:
Nellymary has a post on making citrus vinegar which is a good old fashioned general cleaner. Her post is here. You can make a similar cleaner using lavender leaves and flowers or, for the Australians, lemon myrtle leaves.
Pour the mixture into a cheesecloth or tea towel inside a sieve, set on top of a bowl or measuring cup. Leave the mixture until all the liquid is strained out (do not squeeze). Combine the strained rosehip pulp with another 2 cups of water in the pan, stir a little, and strain again this time squeezing until there is no more liquid.
Singapore do have lots of smaller fan made conventions such as Cosfest and EOY which I never attend because their main attractions are cosplay, which to be frank, is something I kinda dislike about the anime community. However 2008 came and we finally got our first official anime convention. AFA 2008 is actually the best event since its inception because they are just starting up and so they try a lot of things out without catering to any crowd of people. During the event, the thing I liked the most is that we have a panel room where we actually hosts Japanese industry guests like Koji Morimoto, Eiko Tanika and Kunio Okawara.
Cube stew meat into 1.5” squares. Season liberally with thyme, sage, rosemary, salt and pepper.
Since then, more than 1.5 million of these slim, eye-catching volumes have been published in three countries, featuring 130 fiction and nonfiction titles by authors such as Dan Brown, Jonathan Safran Foer, Deepak Chopra, Cormac McCarthy and others. The flipback will debut through Hodder & Stoughton on June 30 in England, beginning with 12 titles.
OK Wednesday is no good.
Maybe it's not hate but an loathing of ideals.
Plain jane, old-fashioned, rich & decadent: Cheesecake.
Spurs relieved their supporters with a workmanlike 2-0 home victory over Blackburn Sunday. Now, two huge matches await: home to Bolton and away to Aston Villa. Should Spurs go 2-0 this week, they look very good to claim the final Champions League spot over Newcastle and Chelsea. A slip-up now, however, and they could miss even Europa League play next season.
Pete could no longer see them where they had been clustered at the edge of the trees. It took a few moments but he located them, one by one. The team of six had spread out in a crescent shape, half-surrounding the house.
To shine your light now is what’s important.
Pull up a chair, grab a cookie, then hop over to her blog and join in the fun and festivities.
Meanwhile Mrs Patterson managed to push the emergency button in the hallway before the two women locked themselves up in the bathroom. They said they could hear 'screeching tyres, a crash and a shot.' The attackers then fled on foot into the veld with only two cellphones and a laptop computer - and the salaries of the workers.
“Howdy,” I replied, sizing myself up. This other me was a squeaky clean looking fellow. Sharp-dressed too, with some shiny jewels at his cuffs and fingers. Clearly, where-ever, when-ever, he lived, standing out from the crowd was a-okay. “Or maybe,” I thought, “everybody where he comes from walks around all shiny and clean.”
For Janie and Cabel, real life is getting tougher than the dreams. They're just trying to carve out a little (secret) time together, but no such luck.
There is a new interview with composer Zbigniew Preisner. He had worked with Kieslowski on several films, including the Three Colors trilogy. By the time they did Blue together the two men had a very familiar shorthand and knew what the wanted. Preisner recalls first working with Kieslowski and talks about his working methods.
Thank you so much for sticking with me as I share these details. One day, I'm going to be so glad I documented the wedding this extensively. So much for my 3 part series!
Pockets. Boat neck. Embroidery. Full skirt. This dress is super elegant and would be perfect for a wedding!
- Brightness settings may change unexpectedly after reboot
2. Those who have had legacy deals, and have convinced themselves it's the only way to make a living. As I've said before, this is Stockholm Syndrome. The publishing industry does not care about authors. They also are inept when it comes to making books profitable. Why are you still dancing with an abusive partner? Unless they're paying you HUGE money, I can't think of a single reason.
7. Tennessee Jed - 7:59
BODACIOUS SPACE PIRATES: The Japanese title is MOURETSU PIRATES, or Moupai in short. Actually, it’s based on a novels series titled MINISUKA PIRATES. Both the anime and the novels titel would suggest a hentai story (minisuka referring to miniskirt and moupai sounding similar to oppai – breasts). But I’ve heard it’s suprisingly different and good. Can’t quite think of in what way or how the story should go (female pirates in space?!?) but EXACTLY the reason why I’m so curious!
Schneider KTM, Deckardt R. The implication of upright posture on pregnancy. J Perinatal Medicine 1991; 19: 121-131.
The original Brooklyn Eagle (1841-1955) reported on everything from international affairs, politics, and women's issues, to literature, crime and real estate. And, they didn't shy away from a good ghost story either. So in honor of Halloween, we thought we'd share a couple of the spine-tinglers that were published by the old Eagle, though the newspaper sometimes took the fun out of it by reporting a reasonable explanation to the bumps in the night.
“They only stopped beating me when I fell to the ground; even then, they continued to shout racial insults in the trucks,” he said.
The recent calls for a boycott of traditional, closed-access scientific publishers – especially the Fred Goodwin-esque pariah-of-the-moment, Elsevier – have caused much discussion over the last week in the vision science community. Elsevier publishes the long-running flagship journal Vision Research and many of my fellow researchers are expressing frustration at providing free content and peer-review services to a journal whose owner makes money by restricting access to research, rather than disseminating it. Suggestions made in the past few days have ranged from black-and-white suggestions that we simply boycott all non-open journals, to boycotts of specific publishers, to more subtle discussions of the role of copyright in this battle, a battle which is widely being perceived as a tipping point in the open access revolution.
The best part about writing this blog has been the amazing people and pugs we have met along the way. I mean it! You all have enriched our lives on so many levels. Thanks for coming by and reading, and commenting. Thanks to those of you who write your own blogs. I don't want to say I'd be nothing without you, because I'm me, and I'm awesome no matter what. However, I certainly wouldn't be as inspired to share my greatness, without all of you, my friends!
02 - Wild In The Streets
So what movie am I talking about that has to do with this and Lolita? A little princess, which tells us to be good to others and believe in our dreams and selves? Kamikaze girls ( which I admit I've never watched, eep! ) or some other feel good happy G rated movie made for a younger audience? WRONG!
I think I've pretty much declared every Sunday Ben and Jerry's ice cream day. So i'll pick one, eat it and post a review. This week i decided to try the s'mores one. It says it's a "chocolate ice cream with fudge chunks, toasted marshmallow & a graham cracker swirl". And for once, that's actually what it tasted like. There was a distinct marshmallow, graham cracker, and chocolate taste. The weird part was, some of the graham cracker swirls were liquid and some were almost like cookie dough. But that was the great part about it! I kind of wished there was more graham cracker cookie dough pieces but that also might have ruined it. When there was, it almost tasted salty. Not really salty but almost like a good, sweet kind of salty.
Even though I miss the main wave of addiction on tumblr, still, I'm here with a new profile of mine.
18) Catalina
Artist: Marie White
So there we were, the entire Authorblog clan, dining out with close friends at Bertucci's in Long Island. It was late in the evening, we'd all had a long day, but we reckoned we could all fit in some pizza (most of us) or pasta (some of us).
I wish I could do that
Not to be outdone, three days ago The London Stock Exchange Group announced it is in exclusive talks with LCH.Clearnet Group regarding a p a majority stake in the London-based clearing house. This give the LSE more downstream control of transaction, and would also make the LSE a bigger competitor against the omnivorous NYSE Euronext axis.
The simple, yet oh so very complicated answer is because He is worth it all.
Inkers: Norm Rapmund, Sal Regla, Marlo Alquiza and John Livesay
I’d like to wish Nathaniel the best of luck with his future endeavours and hope that he finds a club where he can settle and get his career back on track.
Tests
It was almost dark when we arrived at the church. The church is not well lit and only the remaining sunlight is our source of light inside. We finished the prayer in less than 5 minutes and commute to Pagsanjan, Laguna.
If you are now in God’s presence, then how then can you not be changed? We are just coming from the Easter season and into a different time, but we need to stay mindful of the miracles that Christ performed and be thankful daily for the sacrifices that He made. Basically, we need to be just like Him, and by nature we need to live every day like it may be our last. We need to start living like we were dying. Not sure how to do that? Well, here is a few examples to chew on and see how they feel to you. Give to a charity, support a child abroad, go and serve in the community, give without thinking, and step out of your comfort zone to make a difference with as many people as you can. Go do the Lord’s bidding – no matter what that entails. Remember that His way is perfect, and yours is not. This is as hard of a statement to accept as any that you will try to pursue in your faith, but God has made the rewards so worthy of this challenge. Now, as I think about my family, and the small contributions that we make, we do a lot on that list. We would never have done things like we have done in the last year – including trying to support a child overseas.* There was only one thing that I have not seen enough out of us on that list, and that would be giving without thinking. But some recent events have transpired that is making that a reality for us, and we are happily moving foreward.
She goes over the basics like telling the left fan veil from the right, (although I think I've heard that some bellydancers dance with two right handed fan veils and manage to work them?) and how to keep the fan open whilst dancing and how to flick it open or closed.
It was definitely a team effort! I hate anything that involves math, so he measured and drew all the squares for me to make them equal and he centered and traced the Razorback - who knew to use a car magnet!
Finally, I love the curves of the dill stems. If you click on the picture you will see what I am talking about. I do think they provide and interesting look to the picture.
*The difficulty of the drills is adaptable to ensure a smooth and steady learning curve.
We finally get to the pool, which is absolutely paradise. Sunblock in pump dispenser, big fluffy white towels, and lounge chairs were all at pool users' disposal. Paul also told us that frozen grapes and Evian water spritz (to mist your skin) is offered every half hour. I think Allison nearly passes out from glee.
Rehab - Taupe shimmer
Have you ever met a stranger who reminded you of a loved one?
There was a fullness of life I felt happening here one cold, wet, December trip several years ago. I was visiting Lauren, my muse and oldest best friend who moved to the city directly after finishing her undergrad at UVA. I was a wide-eyed girl from North Carolina on my first trip to California. A venture which marked my second time being west of the Mississippi River.
This morning as I was getting ready to leave the store, one of our greeters came in and it was pretty obvious he was not feeling well. He was sweating heavily, he was pale and he was mumbling. After talking to him for a few minutes, he stated his chest hurt. After a few minutes, he told us his left arm hurt.
The prohibitionists already have a foot in the door and minimum pricing wedges it open further. It is no means certain that it will be to the advantage of pub drinkers and pubs as Mudgie points out. CAMRA as an organisation needs to think again.
Not only is the right savings product important, but also the accessibility of that product. Often poor women that live in rural areas need to travel extremely far distances on a regular basis, many times by foot, to access traditional savings at banks. Not only is this inconvenient and exhausting, but involves time away from their business and thus a loss of potential earnings, which they often cannot afford.
If things were not going strange enough, last night, I got hit with malware on the computer. I was searching for some transmission drawings on the internet and hit a site that started trying to scan my computer for errors, trying to sell me data recovery software and showed all kinds of warnings. I could not close it out. I performed a virus scan and a hard drive scan. The scans made it appear that all my files were there, but I could not find anything! Most of the night, the scans ran but this morning it was no better. After returning from the dentist, I had a thought and ran a "System Restore" to a time before the event occurred. Sure enough the computer was restored to the configuration from the previous day. The malware was gone and all my files are back. The only thing missing is my Favorites on my browser. I need to fiqure out if those can be reloaded. I am happy this worked, I thought I was going to have to take the computer somewhere and pay to get it fixed.
Billy Cobham – Spectrum
Proverbs 22:7-The rich rule over the poor, and the borrower is slave to the lender.
Solid-State Devices and Transistors (US class 257) -- 3.1%
I haven’t seen a picture of me over the age of 9 months or under the age of 18 for 30 years. Anyway I called my dad last week and asked him to copy some pictures since I knew he had a ton, and he had all of grandma’s pictures too.
Right now we (Renegade) are in the trenches of re-branding ourselves. And I would be a liar if I said it was the easiest thing we've ever done. It's surprising how difficult the work becomes when it is no longer directed towards your clients and suddenly becomes all about you. Case and point, have you ever had to write about yourself? Perhaps a bio, a blurb, about me, etc... It's more difficult than you think. As Christine puts it "Decode your DNA". Figure out who you are. Figure out what your trying to do/sell/offer. Strip everything away and focus on the one thing that makes you, you.
I am sure there were lots of things that prevented him from progressing in his Jewish faith. And there would be churches today who would make it difficult for people to get to that point too! But not on this day! And he goes on his way rejoicing – which implies he had a story to tell.
Good morning to you all. Yesterday passed in a whirl and Juli looked wonderful in her gown and hood. The procession of graduands were piped into the hall which made for a very moving scene. Here she is just after the ceremony:
Add the egg mixture in three additions, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition. Divide the batter among the pans.
When I arrived in Cookeville, TN, an 18-year-old college freshman with no friends in a town far from home, I didn’t know a whole lot. I was not a student of God’s Word, and rarely contemplated matters of faith. I had no more than a vague idea about what I would do with my life. All I knew was that I loved music, and church seemed like a good place to meet friends.
Dude Looks Like a Lady–Aerosmith
Well Mother's Day has come and gone. This one was particularily delightful because my oldest son and my daughter-in-love are finally home from Germany with my new grandbaby. I swear that kid's cheeks are going to get kissed off any minute now.
About 1 Tbsp. unsalted butter
Appearing at the New York University School of Law on Tuesday night to discuss the 40th anniversary of the first baseball strike and the rise of the players' association, the 95-year-old former union head spoke for 68 minutes and delivered a blistering criticism of corporate pay.
Items needed: An old pallet, a staple gun, some plastic backing* (we used empty soil bags), a nail, a hammer, dirt, and either seeds or plant starts. *You can use waxed cardboard if plastic is not your thing, though it can be harder to come by. Sometimes your local grocer may have extra waxed cardboard from produce deliveries. I don’t recommend plain cardboard because it will rot out quickly after being watered and you could lose your plants.
Renee Barrett-Arjune, 41, Irvington, N.J.
"'Beauty,' i.e., that which makes something interesting, is related to a mixture of regularity and irregularity. When things are too regular, we usually find them to be uninteresting because they yield no surprises for us. Complementary to this, highly irregular things are often uninteresting because they make no sense. In the middle, between regularity and irregularity, lies a place where things can be understood, but not completely." ~ Title and excerpt from The Computational Beauty of Nature by Gary William Flake.
That night he made more than 30 phone calls, at times shouting "I got in" on his cell phone and home phone at the same time.
I believed that lie for way too many years.
To the copyright thieves everywhere: do you really think we're this stupid? Do you really think that we're not going to find out if you try to sell our free tutorials in your Etsy shop?
his round, wire rimmed glasses
And finally, because Christ has ascended to heaven, the believer is also assured of His return. Jesus promised the disciples that He would depart and then return (Jn. 14:1-6) and His departure is the first part of that process. Yes, He has left, but He will return. And the words from the angels, “Men of Galilee, why do you stand looking into the sky? This Jesus, who has been taken up from you into heaven, will come in just the same way as you have watched Him go into heaven” (Acts 1:11; NASB), serve as a reminder that while He has departed, the leaving is temporary and the return is certain. And it is important to note that this statement fully satisfied the disciples so that they left and immediately set about the task of fulfilling the commission of Christ (Acts 1:8).
Not far, but to nearby lovely Boulogne, according to the spokesperson for Michelin. The company's HQ is still in Clemont-Ferrand; but, since its inception in 1889 it's always had a Paris office. First avenue Pereire, then in 1967 the company purchased the building at 46 avenue de Breteuil in the 7e arrondissement.
Which brings me to awesome point #2: 20 miles on the bike trainer, middle 10 HARD
I'll finish this later, I'm bored.
Then recently I decided that I had to get control of my organizing baby. So I started writing down my "ideas" on a blog list, which I also shared with you here. That helped, at least then I had a list of ideas to pick from when I was staring at a blank screen.
* Other christmas motif ideas... Father Christmas, a christmas pudding, a reindeer, a gingerbread house or gingerbread man...
Early introductions went well and despite Mitch's attempts to keep Dave and Solebear in separate corners all aforementioned culprits took their seats alongside MrdrinknEat with HardknottSooty keeping control.
The past week or two have been a challenge with Maddie's fussiness and Drew's sickness, but we are hanging in there! The weather is getting nicer, so we have lots to look forward to once we can leave the house again. :)
Dad winds the old family clock. It was a wedding gift to my grandmother and grandfather, Dad's parents. I think. I believe Dad told me that his mom carried that clock in her lap from Oklahoma to California during the Dust Bowl years. It meant an awful lot to her. I remember it chiming in her home. I always thought it was the most fantastic thing.
I will still read about you, because you are still cool.
2. The Location. Hello?! You are standing in a bathroom! “I know the best place to show off my knitting! Bathrooms just scream beautiful, natural and hand crafted!” said nobody, ever. Seriously, wake up and smell the…umm…toilets? Okay, minor rant over. Bathrooms are usually very small (especially in England) which means you will almost always be standing far too close to the mirror (this may also be because you are trying to capture more detail). Shots that are taken close-up, as opposed to shots that are merely zoomed in, often feel quite claustrophobic to the person looking at them. It is hard to focus on certain parts of the knitting, and you naturally try to lean back to remedy this (which doesn’t work). Very few mirrors are ‘perfect’ mirrors, most of them have imperfections which cause House of Mirrors effects; bits of the knitting are stretched out and some are squashed, etc. Having the camera that close to the mirror also has the side effect of making the photo fuzzy and out of focus, which again will lose you detail.
College cost increases MUST taper off. However, it is not up to the Government to directly influence this. Our Government CAN get involved to make sure that credits can transfer easier, which will save many students time and money. They CAN allow for students to earn college credit while still in High School (some students already do this). But Government should NOT set limits on tuition – consumers must decide what is fair. If enough people become unhappy with the costs of college, then those costs will eventually change or alternatives will become available.
Fashion Campus NYC: Programming to expose summer interns to the
Wan Shahinur Izmir paid the bail.
**Cheese dip ruining my expensive peacoat.
Pours a clear coppery brown with a nice tan head. Very malty smell, with a hint of the standard Shiner smell that most of their beers have. Still nice.
“It could have bought thousands of meals, hundreds of counselling sessions, and years of medical care for the homeless, administered at Centre 454’s current location, where it works perfectly well at present,” said Nuthall.
So I'd best get on with editing the June edition then hadn't I?
he brought you to life along with him,
I've been busy at home too . . . trying to keep things together. You know how that is. When there is way too many things on your "to do" list and not enough hours in the day or energy in your body?
No words to describe how pathetic I think Britain has become.
“After three years, you think you would have memorized the bell schedule,” Nikolas said. “And people are packing up.”
E51
BON WEEK-END!!!
the smell of you was safety.
10-9-2011
Lastly add jeera and garlic.
I should quickly say that this is not a critique of Shimerians. It is only my experience.
over a wonderful new decorating magazine that is full of
The forum we mentioned is http://www.abolitionistapproach.com/forum/ where you can find Niilo's "abolitionist mom" Joe and other great advocates, discussing abolitionist veganism and all kinds of other things.
Klaus! Evil vampire antagonist who has killed everyone the main characters of the show have ever cared about!
Randi is ready to reclaim her life as an up and coming rock star, after an eleven month hiatus spent wallowing in seclusion. Still raw from the savage beating her mentor received and its long term effects on them both, she comes up with a plan so cunning you could stick fur on it and call it a weasel.
I learned that one imperial pint of Guinness is enough to get me buzzed. My current alcohol tolerance is very low.
If the child reacts well and enjoys the experiences, and if all the above conditions are met, the child is probably ready to attend a sleep-away camp.
Morgan and Maxamillion Godfrey, now Raines.
here's an atc i made with one of the papers...let your wings unfold...for my swap last month, the theme was "june bug."
But during my Worship class in January, our professor and a friend of mine engaged in discussion that threw this tradition into doubt. My friend lets her children take communion before baptism, and my professor acknowledged there was no basis – not in scripture, nor in recorded tradition from the early church – to prohibit her from doing so.
For my son's and my FIL's quilt I had the backing fabrics picked out first. I chose the front colors based on the colors found in those fabrics. I also chose one fabric as the "pop" of color for each quilt~~a tiny bit of red in the Star Wars fabric and orange basketballs in the other.
The Crowood Press, 1988, Hardback in dust wrapper.
Working on the edge
Made his first recording in 1942 and formed his own band in 1945.
-$0.40/2 Ragu Pasta Sauce, (RP 07/31/11)
Rereading this list, I was surprised at how we'd met most of my initial goals, despite having had days, weeks and even years where I was unsure of how well we'd done in our homeschool experiment and despite changing approaches several times along the way.
Me on the other hand didn't really care....It served its purpose. It wasn't like any other robe...it actually absorbed water. It covered me very nicely. It has been a good friend for many years.
ECB: Extra Bucks, formerly called Extra Care Bucks. CVS’ version of catalinas for a dollar amount off your next transaction. Prints at the bottom of your receipt instead of from a separate machine. Can only be used at CVS.
"We need to disturb criminal's methods by infiltrating their nests," Cwela said.
This is my classic example of what man brewers do wrong when making a pale ale, they have the wrong flavor profile when brewing and it comes out tasting kinda soapy. Not that I spent a good portion of my childhood with a bar of soap in my mouth being punished for swearing (which I was, just no soap), or that I have licked a bar or soap or two in the past... but it just doesn't have the most appealing taste. Its not bad by any means, but if you are going to stop after one glass, before your drunk, you are probably not going to care for this beer too much in the long run.
2012 IS OUR 83rd YEAR !!
man of sorrows
Indonesia is clearly, by virtue of its size, location and status as a democracy, one of the most important countries to the United States in Asia. The country has more Muslim faithful than Iran, Iraq, Egypt and Saudi Arabia combined. The strategic sea lanes that pass through and along Indonesian territory carry one-third of the world’s sea-borne trade, and half of the world’s oil passes through the Malacca Strait.
DE: :Enormously important. I learnt something of what it means to be subjugated. I also learnt the value of solidarity under oppression. Outside I couldn’t afford to go to university but in prison I was able to study for a degree through correspondence – financed by benevolent organisations. This led to a second degree from Oxford when I came into exile and a subsequent career as a lecturer. My fellow prisoners were intelligent and mainly highly educated people and very supportive. Prison wasn’t a pleasant place to be but it was a privilege to be in that company – a kind of socialist campus. Friendships formed there continue four decades on.
The early Ben Hollioake looked to have the same skill, but cricket was robbed of the chance to see how he would use it.
Harold Camping is obviously completely comfortable with this “explanation.” It has, however, been of little comfort to those whose lives were torn apart by the May 21 debacle. Asked by the press on May 23 what advice he had for those who no longer had their jobs or homes or savings, he insisted that the economic problems in the nation had left many people with the same issues. So those who were victims of his prophetic scheme should use the same solutions. As he put it, “People cope.” They could move in with friends or family, look for new jobs, get public welfare. Did Family Radio have any obligation to help any of them? Of course not. No one including him had ever ordered anyone to make any sacrifices. It was all of their own free will. So they just needed to “rely on God” to help them through the rough times. Not Harold Camping.
Using the shredding blade, shred the carrots, add to bowl.
Region: Ontario, Canada
A palliative care doctor shared with us that she often tells her dying patients this: “Don’t think of God as a hunter who’s going to shoot you when you’re least prepared. Rather, think of Him as a gardener who’s picking the most beautiful flower in the garden to bring home to His loved ones.” God always does what’s good and, as a Father, He never really wants to see His children suffer. It’s Satan who’s going Columbine on all of us is what I’m saying. In a way, it sounds a bit like sour-graping, doesn’t it? Because, really, what would you rather be: a deer or a flower?
Hazen of course is still growing like crazy. I feel like he changes every day! He will be 3 months pretty soon here. He smiles a ton and is starting to giggle a bit. He occasionally finds his thumb and we think it is so stinkin cute!
It's not that confusing. Just accept it and stop trying to generate controversy out of nothing.
Since yesterday was Thanksgiving, I thought I’d share recipes for the things I made that I’ve not posted before. We had a couple of repeats this year, including Apple Stuffing and Pecan Pie. But the rest of the meal was made on our Traeger. It was a little rainy, but my husband just pulled it under the eave a bit with just the smoke stack sticking out and it worked great.
After his appointment, Chirkov said he would prioritize the construction of navy fleets in Russia. “The most important thing for Russia is to build a fleet with the support of the president and like-minded persons,” Chirkov stated.
I call this a salad, but technically it's hot. I make it all the time, usually with quinoa. Sometimes bulgur or barley. Whatever I have at hand really.
One more thing: You're probably wondering which one is "Lothar". The answer: None of them. Lothar was the THEREMIN who fronted the band. Duh.
Halperin: the GOP want Winston Churchill
What one doesn't realize going into a tome like this is that you can't actually begin the cooking process for about a week after you purchase the book. There is a lot of background on the kinds of wines and butters and cookware you'll need before you even begin. Then there is a lot of shopping.
Even worse, ethnic Russians who stay in Russia achieve fertility rates less than 1.5 child per woman -- even with pro-natal Kremlin policies -- while Chechen women maintain fertility rates well above 3 children per woman. Two thirds of births from ethnic Russian women are from women between the ages of 20 and 29 -- a part of the population that happens to be shrinking at this time. In less than 15 years, the number of Russian women in that age group are estimated to be reduced by almost 50%.
Apple TV 3
2 tbsp extra-virgin olive oil
Always quick with a hug, a laugh, a smile or a kind word, he gave selflessly. His smile could brighten any day and I always looked forward to every family gathering to see him and my Aunt Kay. This past Saturday, the sunshine dimmed, the clouds drew and the earth stopped turning for a time as we held our breath and bid farewell to a favourite person in so many of our lives.
Alli on the top bunk with me kept whispering under her breath different songs all the while sticking her finger in my toes (I hate my feet touched.).
There it is. Oh, this is so wonderful for a woman who likes lots of light in her kitchen. One flip of the switch and I have it!
Aunty
You might know this weird dude as the lead singer of the almighty, flute-rocking 70’s band Jethro Tull, which rocked my other-lead-instrument-than-guitar-seeking mind and universe. Besides being the first artist to introduce the flute to rock and still look bad-ass while soloing the shit outta that bitch, he has always expressed a colorful, eccentric and playful personality which, obviously, is heavily
I may be the last person in Texas to find this out, but apparently kids are no longer being taught cursive in school!
There are many different forms of meditation. A study at Massachusetts General Hospital examined the impact of the Buddhist ‘Insight’ meditation on the brain. Insight meditation is a technique of moving our attention over the body or focusing on our breathing. The study found that it caused an increase in thickness of the prefrontal cortex in the brain, the part just above the eyes and associated with attention.
The Lord knows the needs of His own and lovingly cares for those needs. This may not have been Paul’s means of getting toRomebut he was assured that it was the best way for it was God’s way. He could not have worked out the necessary details but could be content that the Lord was taking care of all of them
Ladies, you must email me at americansue1@gmail.com to confirm your address and claim your prize! Thanks to everyone for leaving such amazing comments, I really appreciate them! All for now, Sue x
"I couldn't get comfortable."
~ Laika is an extremely hard headed little girl. Training her is definitely going to be a challenge; it's a good thing I've got the summer to do it! We can't have a big dog that won't listen. She sure is cute, though!
As you know I have been raising money to go on a missions trip to Panama this summer! I feel like a brat when I say this, but I have never really had to worry about finances in my life. I am definitely not rich, but I have been blessed with parents who have been willing to pay for college and help support me along the way. When I stepped into this trip and the finances that came with it, I told myself that I don’t want my parents having to pick up the scraps of what I don’t raise. I wanted to raise this money on my own. It was something that I knew I didn’t want to put on them. I sent out many support letters and was really stoked to see what God was going to do. It became prevalent very soon that raising this money was going to be a huge trial. I realized soon that this was not going to be as easy as I thought it would be. This has been by far the most expensive missions trip I’ve been on, which became very overwhelming. I got money here and there and was so thankful but began to grow impatient. I got the idea to make cake pop and sell them for donations which was a huge success! Everybody loved them, and through selling them dorm room to dorm room God really was working on opening me up and getting me to step out of my comfort zone. It was hard and definitely a push for me to do that but so rewarding in the end. God really helped me and pushed me.
No. The rules stipulated in the Ten Commandments lead to the good life, not a so-called “liberation” from the Commandments. All people are sinful, and so all people experience problems in their lives, including Christians. But those problems cannot be alleviated by throwing away God’s rules for human living. Quite to the contrary, in fact. Biblical morality is a sure guide to the good life. The happiness promised by the Sexual Revolution is a fraud. Surely that should be apparent by now. (“NO RULES, NO CIVILIZATION: The Sexual Revolution left us free . . . to be Miserable”)
In the harsh conditions and thin air they felt a comforting presence at their side. They survived a horrific night just under the 29,002 summit with no food and problems with their oxygen supply.
The photos were taken with my little Canon Powershot, using the farthest zoom setting. While the photos are not the greatest, they still allow me to preserve my memories of my little feathered friends.
Now you can paint like your favourite psychos (and by psychos, I mean artists) on the new painting application, Psychopaint!
afternoon delights.
At the time of making these offers and soliciting these services, JPSA urged that the accused be charged with the appropriate crimes of driving under the influence of alcohol, reckless or negligent driving and five counts of culpable homicide, but that plea was overridden by the Minister of Transport calling for charges of murder to be brought and the NPA obliged.
around that time and they served to increase my admiration for Simon Templar, initially awakened by Roger Moore’s TV depiction of him). However, at a certain stage he lost interest in it and my masterpiece was never finished.
This is a business model that hasn’t been seen before and is a direct effect of the rise of the internet. But it is interesting. Readers pay for exactly what they want to read, and nothing more.
We also began enjoying Turkish food. We loved it, but it was a lot of the same food from restaurant to restaurant.
Five relatives, who allegedly killed the teenager during a bizarre,
You go to the embassy parties
I’m just wondering if people out there realize just how bold a move this was for Lester. I’ve seen people say that Lester’s “begging” in the photo, probably because of his mention of the help he’s received from Sweet Relief Musicians Fund, but I don’t see it as “begging.” He’s recognizing the help he’s received from Sweet Relief.
Thanks for reading, enjoy the pictures!
It's four weeks before the strange couple are accepted in their various peer groups. Even then the association is tenuous and attributed to their 'ability' to perform some needed task, rather than their scintillating personalities.
some forty years ago
Anyway, there’s trouble in paradise because Se Na sees that Yi Gak isn’t quite interested in her. I can understand her confusion given how crazy he used to act around her. She’s sure Park Ha is the source of their problems but Yi Gak quickly comes to her defense which in turn confirms things for Se Na.
At the cemetery Staniero comes to see him to tell him about the killings in town. Francesco is a suspect but they have already a man who confessed to the killings at the hospital after trying to kill himself. Francesco is not happy that someone stole his crimes and goes to the hospital. He discovers it is his friend Franco from the council. Francesco shoots a nun a doctor and a nurse dead while talking to his friend. When he leaves the hospital is in chaos because there is a madman killing people. He meets Staniero who sees him with a gun but still fails to make the connection between Francesco and the killings.
I don't really want to keep reading the next two books.
120) an anonymous "blessing transfer" into my bank account that came right on time...
"To the person of the monarch?"
Anyhow, when choosing a math curriculum I wanted something that would challenge my kiddos and provide them with all of the skills they needed to be math geniuses. I had heard great things about Math-U-See but felt that the boys had such a different foundation that I would not see the success I wanted to . So I chose this.
At the same time it’s worth bearing in mind that morality laws are a double-edged sword. Today’s accuser could end up tomorrow’s victim. It’s arguable that justice without mercy is merely revenge. The second trial of Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim is a powerful reminder to people of the dangers of challenging established authority.
#2. Abita Amber
Ink: Distress Ink vintage photo
There were two bikes that fit my requirements -- a comfy seat and foot brakes. The first one was white, and when I took it for a spin around the aisles it felt too flimsy. I wasn't crazy about the white seat either which would get dirty in the shop, and wasn't as cushy as I hoped. Then I saw another one, way, way up on the rack. It looked way cooler. It had fenders, a back thingamajig to put things on, a leather pouch, drink holder and even a bottle opener on the side of the front wheel. Who could ask for anything more? Although I think bottle caps are no longer even being made, but hey let's keep it vintage, shall we?
That should get the journalists' "expert statisticians" going. She'll make her fortune, if she can do it.
PS how do you guys feel about me doing some tutorials where I'm talking into the camera? If you like the idea, what would be helpful to know about? What are some good subjects?
shoe
I like very much the story.This book is filled with fantasy,romance,mystery and a lot of humor.This is the perfect mix,and that’s why “Ruby Blue” it’s PERFECT!I like,also,how the fantasy is mixed with the normality.I mean,in one second Ruby sees fairies,and in the next second,she kisses Nick,her boyfriend.The fantasy it’s great balaced with the teenager things and drama and other stuff.Ohter REAL stuff.
An all time favourite… I think we’ll be reading these for years to come, “What does a cow say?” ;)
* Because of the no cable thing I've had time to read more. I am reading Dreams of Joy by Lisa See. She also wrote Shanghai Girls and Snow Flower and the Secret Fan. Both very good books.
Now, after some months of tepid correction, copper sentiment is down to levels that have usually marked significant lows. The Bloomberg Sentiment which I pointed to previously is not yet down to abysmal levels. Its 4 week moving average has fallen from a spike of 76% to 62% (chart can be seen here). But an aggregate measure of copper sentiment which takes into account several surveys, including the Bloomberg one, from the always sharp mind of Jason Goepfert (of SentimenTrader) is showing an exhaustion of the bullishness that was prevalent back in Febuary:
No, no! Go from me. I have still the flavour,
it will lead me with this
4. This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook. You understand that you are providing your information to the Annotated Horror Blog and not to Facebook. The information you provide will only be used to notify you if you win the contest.
arrested by some drogue, a limpet smacked in place
CLERMONT, Fla. -- A student at a Seminole County high school was arrested for allegedly making a pipe bomb out of a pen and investigators also say he made threats against his school.
Editing is allowed, but think about projects with no dialogue – unless it is voice over of recorded separately. The on board microphones are covered up in a plastic housing.
# 119 Darling Ho
I got to go to church here in Atlanta this morning and it was like a slice of heaven. The worship and music were off the charts and the preaching was dynamic. I felt like I could be lifted up any second. God is so good and He is bringing me through so much these past few weeks. Fighting with pain is exhausting. I feel guilty mentioning it because some of my sweet friends have it much worse than me. At least I can go to work everyday and at times I do get some relief from the pain. Wednesday my anti-inflammatory will be back in stock and I will be a happy girl to get back on my medicine. It has been back ordered for weeks and the doctor tried me on another type and I'm probably repeating myself, but the indigestion was horrible. I only took it 3 days and back to same old, same old. Thank the Lord He has given people the wisdom to discover what can help suffering.
"There are few things more enjoyable than watching bookish types acting catty, so it is with some glee that I have been following the row that has broken out between the critic John Sutherland, the novelist and uber-blogger Susan Hill, and an as yet unnamed literary editor of a national newspaper."
Looking For Alaska or just Alaska, is written from the perspective of Miles Halter (more affectionately known as Pudge), a teenager fascinated by famous last words, one in particular that leads him to leave his home in Florida and attend boarding school in Alabama, in search of the Great Perhaps.
“Why don’t I shut the safe?” his mind said to itself, lingering. “What makes me pause here?”
I still have a cell phone two versions earlier than the razor. Yea, it flips open, but not in the hip-flip-phone-kind-of way. I don’t own an iPod, or even a decent pair of headphones. I don’t have a Twitter account. Blogging is probably the most technologically-advanced thing I do all day (Sorry, it’s been a while. Don’t you hate when all of your posts have to contain apologies?), and it took me years to start a blog. I was the pitiful classmate always waiting for a tech-savior during glitches in my PowerPoint presentation.
"Celebrate Halloween!"
Ring: F21
We left the restaurant and headed out to catch a bus back to Animal Kingdom. From there we got another bus back to Caribbean Beach. I, of course, wanted to take a cab. I wanted to take a cab basically anytime we had to take a bus. So, you can imagine how many times I suggested that we take a cab. Haha! The original idea for the afternoon was to surprise Barbara with some water fun. We were going to rent a pontoon and ride surrey bike around the resort. The rain sort of put a damper on that and also made us all very tired. Barbara led us all into making the greatest decision ever... to take a nap.
15 minutes?!?
Alright, so maybe ‘hair mask’ is a little deceiving. Perhaps I should just say ‘treatment’ although you do use the coconut as a mask… Okay, editor decision – Coconut Hair Mask Treatment! Ta da!
If ever I do write a story about a funeral director, I shall feel obligated, I think, to call it "The Impresario."
It is hard to anticipate what the market will do but if you find something that you really like and it meets your requirements – go for it! Any hesitation may result in another buyer reaching out before you do. As for those homes that have been on the market for a long time – do not discount these as potential opportunities. Just because no one else has purchased it means that there is something wrong with it. My guess is that when it was originally listed, it was priced to high and some sellers are of the mindset that they will not reduce their price – rather, they would negotiate a low ball offer. Unfortunately, some buyers may not even want to submit an offer in fear of offending a seller. To this I say…put your emotions aside (both buyers and sellers alike), do your homework, look at the sold comparables/look at what is available for sale and move forward accordingly!
When we arrived at the Pinnacles, there was an ampitheater which we went to look at...a guy in the group told me to go down the steps to look at it better. When I turned around the group started singing "Happy Birthday" to me. Sneaky Jesse, who told me he didn't say anything about my birthday! It was a nice surprise.
The image I have used for my cards is
Just like in lotto—you have to be in it to win—the same is true about our careers. You have to be in the game to win. You have to know where you are going in order to get there. And unlike Lotto, your ultimate success is up to you, not some random ball drop.
Little Aaliyah Johnson’s body was laid to rest and a teenaged relative has been charged with her murder. The more details of this story I hear, the more I think that the Children’s Bill, while extremely necessary (Get on it Verna…leave Cheryl Miller alone!), can’t begin to scratch the surface of the problem. The story in today’s Express shows a young woman caught in a vicious cycle that includes poverty, low self-esteem and bad life style choices all around. Where to start with uprooting the problem which I feel must start with a deterioration in family structures and communal support systems?
Very long and balanced with elegance and structure, needs 5 years or so for the oak to fully integrate though – 92/100 points.
BNW: READING: Our Times on the Street Where I Live by Charles Mee (Directed by Tara Bast)
3 completely
*I tweeted this: "Just found out "This Means WAR" isn't about baseball stats. Had imagined Reese Witherspoon playing UZR. Sigh."
Last year we started a new Thanksgiving tradition. Inspired by the many variations of this project I've seen around the web, we made a Thankfulness Tree. Instead of just going around the table at Thanksgiving dinner and answering the proverbial "what are you thankful for?" question, we spend the weeks leading up to the holiday itself writing down our gratitudes. Last year I made a huge paper tree that I taped in the front window, and we all wrote down what we're thankful for on paper leaves and taped them up too. Simple, and the end result was quite lovely.
- the fact that I can find at least one evening a week to visit my own blog and actually write something
The Woman’s Handbook covers the three most important parts of our lives: ourselves, our relationships and our purpose—which should always be our passion.
Style: Witbier
Wednesday, February 29, 2012.
Forming the best groups in the best spaces will surely have an impact on the power of these groups. This then raises another question. Might getting the group size and the group space optimized have an impact on group power?
In Massachusetts in October, 2009, Land Court Judge Keith Long reaffirmed a March, 2009, ruling that a lender cannot begin foreclosure proceedings before the lender has filed and recorded the Assignment, stating:
Henna immediately fired up. “Well, I very well may be! I found it abandoned and half-drowned next to a river. Whoever abandoned it has long since lost any rights to take care of it!”
Card Recipe
Visit HomeEcOnline.com this Monday for a full course outline with project pictures, teacher bios and registration details. Class cost, $60us
Red Rooster is sited at 310 Lenox Avenue – that is, at 310 Malcolm X Boulevard – between 125th and 126th Street.
Yours faithfully,
Sister and I are continuing our birthday celebrating with a night stay at this place Wednesday night. I'm jealous of myself. I am hoping we get a room with a bath tub so I can take a bath after a dip in the pool. Seriously, I am so excited.
I must remember to call my mum,
We have had one year to plan this wedding and I must say it has flown by! I can't wait to show you her bridal portraits, they are so beautiful. After the wedding we are renting cabins at a nearby lake with my family to spend some time together for the rest of the weekend. Look for those bridal photos the beginning of next week…
One of our contacts found us a few things, but they said it has been a pretty hard winter back here so there hasn't been much opportunity to get out and search.
Beginning May 10th, this little girl will be perched on bookshelves in stores throughout the UK. And as if she's not sweet enough, here's a really sweet deal to add to the pot: For a limited time the publisher is offering the e-book here for a special promotional rate of a mere £1.99. Yep. Sweet.
Card Maker
to a little fishing village where there are no phones.
While they baked, I showed her the treats and told her how delicious they would taste. I made a huge deal about the whole event, causing her to wag her tail and softly yip around the kitchen.
So, have I any criticisms to make? Well, there’s Lucy! I have to confess that I have never been a fan of Miss Ball. Even as a youngster her TV shows irritated the hell out of me, now that I’m all grown up I find her even less appealing. While I watched this film, I found myself thinking that almost any other actress would have preferable in the role of the resourceful girl friday.
Silver: Bismarck Altbier, Dry Dock Brewing Co., Aurora, CO
And say,…… that all it takes is a bad player or two that don’t care all THAT much about rules and regulations, to mess up an area’s water supply.
This ‘scyaunce’ of heraldry had it’s own language and code called Blazon, a unique language which governed strictly how the symbols should be placed and displayed on the shield. However it was and still is the art that is the point of contact for most people. Without the pictorial display the ancient, obscure and academic language of heraldry would be lost on most people and that is why the art of heraldry is more important than some heraldic academics would care to admit.
Originally known as Hôtel de la Perle, this “immeuble de rapport” (residential rental property) was completed during the reign of Emperor Napoleon III in 1855 by the entrepreneur Antoine-Théodore Audubert (1819-1893).
With the arrival of the slightly colder weather, we finally got back into the garden over the weekend. Paul is always out in the yard over the weekend mowing the lawn or weeding, but this is the first time in months we’ve done any actual planting. The girls and I headed to Bunnings on Friday and bought a whole bundle of flowers to add some colour around the place and with the assistance of my gardening helper Grace, we managed to get them all in before a good downpour that night. On Sunday, we went and got some more flowers as well as some seedlings to start off our vegetable patch again. Our previous crop of vegetables got fried during the long heatwaves Perth experienced over summer but we are now growing some cherry tomatoes, beans, pak choi, lettuce and baby spinach with some seeds of chicory, beetroot and spring onions still to be planted.
The women could fair a bit better. A solid 1:59 run could get into the final. A 1:57 run should garner a medal. We have women capable of doing both. More importantly those that make the team will have the guts and heart to run with the pace and be in the hunt come the final stretch run. The summer should tell a lot about both squads heading into Daegu.
The most bandages applied
Nineteenth-century Illinois housewife Elizabeth Packard's troubles began when she took public exception to the rigid views of her Calvinist minister husband, Theophilus. Announcing that since his wife "persistently refused my will or wishes...it must be that she is insane," Rev. Packard took advantage of the Illinois law that allowed a husband to have a wife committed to an insane asylum on his own whim (and the ever-ready consent of the admitting doctor). Released a few years later through the efforts of her son, and later found sane in a sensational jury trial, Packard spent the rest of her life lobbying to change the laws under which she was institutionalized...."Sounds like it might be quite good, doesn't it? (And Ana, if it is as good as it sounds, I'm sending it on to you after I finish...you're so bad for my bookshelves that sometimes you need a little extra "punishment"!)
Ewww…dog!, thought Malcolm turning up his nose, do they ever bathe?
Maybe “I love you” was never really the truth.
I know I haven't posted in quite a few days ... no particular reason except I've been really busy and occupied with non-crafting activities that have kept me out of the craft space. And, I've been having withdrawal symptoms ... not crafting = not happy :(
Who knew, and who SHOULD have known, even if they didn’t know?
And even after a couple of tainted brownies; what would convince you to sell this to other people?
G.R. No. L-3054
I love beer. More so, I love big beers, and beers don't get much bigger than barley wines. And Victory Brewing does one helluva job with their Old Horizontal. Old Ho', as it is affectionately known, is a winter seasonal, meant to warm the soul. Weighing in at 10.5% ABV, it does just that, and with a drinkability that can put you just as the name says, horizontal. Here's what I had to say about it.
She says that he seems OK and that his nose looks kinda wet.
are being uploaded this weekend.
The Epicurious list continues with a bunch of variations on creamed spinach, whereas Marmiton has lots of 'cake' or 'tarte' recipes.
I am so very excited to make this announcement. I have been asked by Robyn, My Pink Stamper to be on her design team. I am excited to work with the rest of the design team. Tune in on Friday for our first blog hop.
Happy Saturday, welcome to a new week of challenges with Speedy Fox and Friends. This weeks challenge is to make a card using three of something. Lately I have been having a creative block so this was hard for me. I thought and thought and thought and this is what I came up with.
Chipboards : Fancy Hearts, Mirror - All by Kaisercraft; Rose Stem, Mini Wire Dress Form, Mini Corner #2 - All by Dusty Attic
Okay. How many of you described yourself with individual talents/abilities/traits?
Beer Log: March 22, 2011
Its raining here today and I couldn't think why for the life of me my foot felt "wet" when I was dropping Aiden off at school..........hmmmmmm now I know!!
3. You really should have a cheeseburger at Casino El Camino. I just had one, for the first time, even though that club's been around for like 10 years. Frig, it was fantastic. I recommend the blue cheese with buffalo sauce.
It is very obvious that Guan Eng’s remarks tantamount to threatening the schools concerned.
It is ok if you have to be active during the session. Many people have to work or take care of their families during this time. It can still be very beneficial if you aren't able to be quiet. It reduces the effects some but a lot of energy can still get in. You can also sleep during the session. This is good way to receive the energy because you will be relaxed.
Freddie’s other long term relationship was with Jim Hutton who lived with the singer up until his death.
I'm just blown away by the generosity of quilters who willingly share their talents and quilts to comfort others in need.
and afraid of love..
To be fair, I’m not sure Vegas has local flavor apart from casino buffets and what has been brought in by other expensive chains. Not that the food there isn't good—as my over-the-shoulder-reading boyfriend pointed out "they have some of the best restaurants in the world."
1. You must be sent by someone else.
It’s a great album. My personal favourite is track 10, Coal Not Dole.
· Work on the Ambit My Money (e-banking) software development team designing, developing, and testing the software applications for mobile devices.
Up 3rd access and down 1st/2nd access with Jocelyn. It was a remarkably warm day, so I started back to the hills a day early. We took it easy, enjoying the spectacular weather and laying down fresh tracks through slushy snow. Shin felt notably better than it typically has the past two weeks.
-The best thing I can think of is __________.
That secrecy, Harris said, allows for frank and open discussion and participation. It also can ease the concerns of local elected officials who may worry how their work with the agency would be viewed by the public.''
There is a history to the Liebster Blog Award - it originated in Germany and means dearest or beloved, and Liebe is the word for love.
Background: Yin and Yang
Once you’ve published your room, just click your username (mine is obviously AnNicole).
Bath night for Smiley
Yahushua told them that everyone that His Father gives Him will come to Him and who ever comes to Him, He would not turn away. These are the chosen and these are the called. This is as forthright a statement of the paradox of predestination and free will as can be found. The Father has given certain people to Yahushua. How does one find out if they are one of them? Everyone is given free will and can choose and come to Him because they have Yahushua’s promise that He would not turn anyone away. When one seeks Him they will find Him, when they seek Him with all their heart. Yahushua is available to anyone who is hungry and thirsty for the Bread of Life.
He looked everywhere except her face, and felt relieved that she was driving. He hadn't wanted to tell her in case she thought it was her fault. It wasn't.
2: We are all in our early/mid/late 50's and our 60's are looming ominously large.
When outsiders who have never heard of God’s law follow it more or less by instinct, they confirm its truth by their obedience. They show that God’s law is not something alien, imposed on us from without, but woven into the very fabric of our creation. There is something deep within them that echoes God’s yes and no, right and wrong. (Romans 2:14-15, The Message)
Hello to my blog friends and family. So many things have happened since my last post!!! For one, I am officially done with school (my last day was December 17th). And to add to the excitement....I am now a licensed cosmetologist:) I took my state boards last Monday, and the results came in the mail Saturday and I passed!!!!! I will even tell you all my score because I am so proud of it.....it was a 93.....what a sweet relief!!!!
2) Chicago White Sox (14-17) J. Peavy (3-1, 1.99) @ Cleveland Indians (17-12) J. Gomez (2-1, 2.82), 6:05 pm
In his essay “The Twelve Men”, Chesterton points out that a distressing paradox in our world is that “the more a man looks at a thing, the less he can see it”. In other words, the more familiarity we have with something, the less likely we are to appreciate its significance. The posters and paintings that we hang on our dorm wall soon become invisible to us. Class material that at first excites our interest often loses its appeal as the semester drags on. Family members that we love and admire soon get taken for granted. In various ways, our familiarity with the world robs us of the wonder that it initially instilled in us.
I'd never really thought this way before but I saw the light on the Newbury Bypass!
The Brooklyn Bar Association's Meeting Hall
Another very famous socially responsible entrepreneur is Blake Mycoskie who when traveling in South America met children who did not own shoes. He started the company TOMS, a shoe company that for every pair of shoes you buy it donates a pair of shoes to a child in need. He has also expanded the program to eyeglasses.
Third, this particular undertaking of the Sutton’s task force is cosmetic and intended for internal consumption. The membership of the ACNA is quite naïve in matters of ecumenical relations. It is meant to appeal to Convergentist sentiments in that body and the Convergentist vision of the ACNA as a church in which not only are disparate theological streams coming together but also is on the forefront of a similar convergence worldwide. It also helps to justify the existence of the task force and its funding.
Ooohh, I wish I was studying insects this term! For the past 2 years we have, but with the national curriculum we aren't learning about these fascinating creatures until (maybe) Term 3 (at least I'll be ahead for then....)
Brain Candy:
The streets of London, and other areas of the country, have seen the most appalling violence, thuggery and downright criminality in a way that I have never experienced in my lifetime.
These muffins are delicious and I think they are a great idea for breakfast on Christmas morning; on top of that I thought you deserved a simple recipe – one that doesn’t require making custard, soaking and processing dates or waiting for hours for cookies. :D
I've brewed another batch of Saison with yeast from the Short's Nicie Spicie-inspired brew. I tried something I haven't done before and fermented and dry hopped in the primary only. The result so far is interesting; not that much additional hop aroma (left the hops in for about five days) but perhaps some additional hop flavor. I expected less hop aroma that dry hopping in the secondary, but I was surprised by the perceived increase in hop flavor compared to my hydrometer sample that I tasted a few days earlier. I dry hopped with Styrian Goldings so the nose is slightly spicy. The bittering and other flavoring hops were Strisselspalt, Chinook and Amarillo Gold. The rest of the recipe can be found here.
Bernadette helped Matilda turn sideways, slowly shimmied herself in front of her seat and relied to heavily on Bernadette’s good and helpful sense of obliged corporate duty as the bus driver’s impatience prompted her to prematurely let go of her momentary charges arm. Mattie dropped like lead mounted on fragile hips. “Ooops” said Bernadette with the punctuated plop of and old woman falling backward into her seat, lose skin and crackling joints between brittle bones
Left alone with her thoughts, PeyPey played back through the events of the night. "There's no way. There's just no way," she thought. Wishing for a time machine, the phone brought her thoughts back to the present. "Hey."
How, may I ask, do they find the bottle of poison the one time you leave it out, and manage to climb onto the bathroom counter to retrieve it from the back corner where you left it? Is it some 6th sense toddlers have? Well, I guess every parent has to experience this once to be truly initiated as seasoned parents. I would have thought 500 dirty diapers counted for something.
May I also add that running to Lonehill Boulevard is a jam cos its down hill 40mins of running has never been easier – till i turned around to come home…. from that point on it was no longer a run,it became a Run/Walk out of necessity. I’m so screwed for Two Oceans Marathon its ridiculous… Lets just hope I don’t die.
Mile 5-7: Oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit. I think I might die.
PREFACE TO ‘HIGH FIDELITY TRANSMISSION, A PLAY ON AIDS’
Rel set his jaw, met the Wilder's eyes. Even in the darkness, they were a clear, deep blue; not glowing or shining, but rich enough in colour to show despite the flickering yellow of the torches. "I stand by my decisions. If you're going to bring me up on a technicality, then we'll wait for all the technicalities."
A beautiful guide to simple living by the inspirational award-winning blogger, Rhonda Hetzel.
So yes, in my opinion, Chen Guangcheng is made of some pretty stern stuff. That doesn’t mean that taking him in isn’t a risk. China isn’t a country to take lightly. If we push them enough, they will push back. I’m worried about what form that pushing might take.
A High Court injunction obtained by an Anzac Ave landowner will not allow the Dunedin City Council to operate traffic lights at the Frederick St intersection with State Highway 88 near Forsyth Barr Stadium.
You can choose from some of their designs and just add one of your photo's, or choose one of their designs and add your own words, or choose one of their designs and add both a photo and your words. The words you add can be short or multiple paragraphs depending on the format you choose. There are six different formats for personalizing your card depending upon where you want your photo and words to appear.
May 5 – Congress Theater (Chicago, IL) #
Grab 3 garbage bags or bins and label them with the following:
The city has carried out a campaign to intimidate and vilify protesters, claiming that protests lead to violence. In fact, the main source of violence in the world today is the wars being waged by NATO and the US.
Do you have any simple ideas to make birthdays fun and more than just another day?
The area where I live – Aberdeenshire in Scotland – contains quite a diverse landscape. There is a huge variety of flora and fauna, geology and agricultural activity. There are also quite a few castles.
I discovered this building thanks to Edward Jones and Christopher Woodward's 'A guide to the Architecture of London' and spent a pleasant meandering morning reaching it through a cornucopia of interesting urbanity on a beautiful sunny pre-easter saturday.
PS: Upon further research, I discovered that DraftFCB no longer holds the SCJohnson (the makers of Windex) account. Ogilvy & Mather currently holds the Windex account. Perhaps their ads will be less misogynistic. :)
I wanted her to succeed, and for weeks we struggled with no progress. It was stressful for everyone, including other team members, whom I had to rely on to pick up the slack.
Completely changing the way you do pretty much everything does not come without its challenges. I have had to understand how my body works, change things that have been lifelong habits, and work hard to maintain those changes. Sometime along the way my body started changing, and suddenly some of those challenges have shifted, some disappeared altogether. Some new challenges have come up that are altogether unexpected.
gets better left under
Kin of all kings and all folk,
medium sharp cheddar tying the preparation together, I was again reminded of Fleischman’s talent. I gobbled up a pair soaked in housemade salsa roja an amalgamation of the traditional salsa components, but smoked—naturally—and with a touch of vinegar for balance.
2007: Kevin Youkilis (DNP)
My only question is, if he's so ticked, are you? Are you shunning me for my absence? Will you give me the silent treatment for missing a couple of posts? Will you make me bleed?
English Landing Park, Parkville, Missouri
“Okay. So what happened to it?” I asked. After all she was working well and I wasn’t able to concentrate on anything, anyhow.
Nalluri maintained a relaxed atmosphere on the set as well as a collaborative feel so that everyone felt they were working on something special. He prepared thoroughly for every day of shooting so he would be able to work with the actors more closely. He shot the film over seven weeks, recreating 1939 London on location and at the legendary Ealing Studios with the considerable help of cinematographer John de Borman (The Full Monty) and production designer Sarah Greenwood (Atonement). For inspiration, they looked at several photographers, like Yevonde Cumbers, a famous London shutterbug known for a stylized kind of full-color graphics. De Borman decided to eschew the traditional period look for a lot of color and not overlight scenes or soften the lenses in order to achieve the fairy tale look they wanted. Delysia’s apartment was built at Ealing Studios in the style of period decorators Dorothy Draper and William Haines. For location shooting in London, the filmmakers sought out places that could be affordably transformed back to the ‘30s, like South London’s Rivoli Ballroom, which was made to resemble an authentic speakeasy, or, like the ballroom at the Savoy Hotel, a location that looked like it did back then.
I realize I'm officially a goofball. I have reverse diet anxiety.
I'm also waaaaay behind on my books read list, aren't I? Can I reach my goal of 52 for the year?
“We wanted to create a unique event that would give beer fans a one-of-a-kind experience where they can sample some of America’s best beers in a relaxed environment and get the chance to meet some biggest names in the beer industry,” said Daniel Bradford, publisher of All About Beer Magazine, which is celebrating its 30th anniversary. “The Denver Rare Beer Tasting is a chance to enjoy great beer and support a great cause: prostate cancer awareness.”
I really didn’t know what to expect, but I knew that just watching this aircraft take off was going to be exciting! Jay told me later that if this was the only thing that he had seen the entire three days, that the trip was definitely worth it.
61-Tip Top (gets an extra entry)
You rent your car in the Nice Airport or you have your personal car) Rent you’r driver only for the MIPIM 2012 special package From 03/05/2012 to Friday 03/10/2012 four days at disposal and two Nice airport transfer
4) I need sandals. Like bad. I have flip flops but no sandals. I do have those peep toe high heels that I showed you back in January. But I haven't worn them yet. The 5" hooker heels that were nude and black are just too much for me to walk in, besides, I think they are too high to be professional for work. The pink and orange florals are ok height wise, but I haven't gotten a pedi yet and refuse to wear peep toes without a pedi. I need to consider that for this weekend.
Live in me, make your home in me just as I do in you. In the same way that a branch can’t bear grapes by itself, but only by being joined to the vine, you can’t bear fruit unless you are joined to me… (John 15: 4)
around the house; No burglar bars, no alarms, not even a fence. The
Individuals unfamiliar with the effects of OC/CS may panic or go into shock. May act as an episode trigger for individuals with respiratory ailments. Launched or thrown munitions may produce lethal trauma when vital areas are struck by causing skull fractures, rupture of vital organs, heart compression and or serious skin lacerations.
We met on Match.com, so I printed out our profiles & our first few emails to put in the pocket.
What it has done though is brought to light things (decisions) that I need to get taken care off. I've started to talk about the "important" stuff to the "mundane" stuff... I find that if I can start talking about them whether it's to strangers or the most important people to me it makes it easier to talk about them over and over again.
it has taken.
Therefore, preparing your minds for action, and being sober-minded, set your hope fully on the grace that is will be brought to you at the revelation of Jesus Christ. (1 Peter 1:13)
Even if not directly, your work is making a difference in our lives and in the steady progress of this case--in the United States and in the international spheres.
The Great Red Dragon is a pretty sweet sounding record, with that aforementioned guitar sound, the clarity of the drums and vocals and, surprisingly, a nice thick bass tone which anchors it all into a darker, foreboding space. Many bands spend whole careers concocting such a balance, yet Hellspawn have done it in just two full-length records. The only caveat here is that, while I appreciate the band's infernal level of energy, and the fact that they keep the tunes tense, brief and incendiary, nothing ever feels quite that unique or memorable. This is a well-rounded effort, mind you, and few songs feel precisely the same, plus it has the benefit of arriving and departing in under 28 minutes, and some well written, blasphemous lyrics, but I wouldn't call it infectious. That said, fans of classic 90s brutality like the earlier efforts of Vader or Hate, or Morbid Angel circa Covenant will likely find it a formidable listen.
An example of how difficult it can be to challenge consumer perceptions is in the case of Coca-Cola in Saudi-Arabia. Coca-Cola has very low brand equity in this market for a very unique reason. Its early entry to the Israeli market in the 60’s precipitated complete rejection of the brand when initially attempting to penetrate the Saudi market in the 90’s.
I want a cold beer. I want to be better at conflict resolution. I want to be less sarcastic with my kids. I want another good HP Lovecraft book. I want a decent plate of nachos. I want a date with my wife.
Here is their press release:
WHITE PASS RUSH TIP: DEFEND PAIR#1
Harry Callahan (1 gelatin silver print, 1959)
2) 8 Utah Jazz @ San Antonio Spurs, 6 pm TNT/SAS 1-0
There will be 17 backgrounders; 3 Rummage Bin sets; 2 rummage bin individual stamps, and 3 ATC sets being released.
Helping Me Cut Paper
Five stars!
Thank you for reading! Reading Rules!
“This is a rare opportunity for both parties to come together and choose a path where we stop putting so much debt on our credit card,” Mr. Obama said…. – NYT, 7-22-11
INFERNO
So mixed opinions there, with the antis slightly shading the pros. As I’ve said before, I see no reason why the measure shouldn’t be allowed, and if it takes off I expect I’ll use it. But I suspect the innate conservatism of drinkers and licensees will prevail. We shall see...
The stuff from Target and Best Buy I got in August, the Columbia House ones are from September in the following story:
What I’m left with is the writing, and the relatively small group of people who will read it and enjoy it. I do want to get my novel published; I do want to be out there. I do want some money for my effort, as much as I can get. I can work toward the fame and money, but I can’t control that end of it. All I can control is the work itself, and for now, that is pure joy.
As Christians, God, through His grace, accepts us because we belong to His precious Son. We don't deserve His acceptance or His love that He lavishes on us but He graciously offers it to us.
Research indicates nearly one in three business owners are planning to exit their business in the next five years. Who will buy the businesses that are marginally profitable, require 60 or more hours a week and have recurring employee issues? The children of those owners are rarely interested in assuming the same burdens they’ve watched their parents bear, and for the same reasons, few purchasers see value in buying such a business.
This is pretty comprehensive and can get me out of most scrapes.
8 Kennedy Rag
I explained already in the previous posts, what is my concept of travelling and how to embrace it as a path to follow, under a structural and well defined logic.
4th Times a Charm...
Tell-tale signs of FATIGUE connected with RA are a frequent state of weariness and tiredness, or “unrelenting exhaustion”(1), per the Mayo Clinic. According to the Johns Hopkins Arthritis Center, “FATIGUE is common in all patients with an inflammatory arthritis such as psoriatic arthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. It is likely multifactorial. Medications, lack of mobility and exercise, sleep disturbance, chronic systemic inflammation and in some cases depression can all play a role.”(2)
He jumped from the house, rounded the corner, and ran to the new car that had arrived. He watched through the window as the man tucked his wallet, watch, cell phone, and keys under the floor mat. He flipped through five $20 bills and stuck them in his jeans pocket. Then he left the car quickly and hustled up the stairs and in the unlocked front door that he locked behind him. Chris was so close to following but stopped. He was more certain than ever that this was horribly wrong, but he also had a certainty nagging him that Ann wanted to do this alone. Needed to do this alone. Chris stood near the front windows with an ear tuned but staying where Ann wouldn’t see him from inside.
Let's look at a pretty picture for a minute, to calm ourselves--
Dahlings, as those of you in the UK know only too well, it has been raining and raining here. A Lot.
1411 D-II/4(A)/2002. “John J. Nee (1923-2002).” Alumni Class, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois
“Wait,” said a flabbergasted I, “does killing him affect his becoming President?”
Since I started writing again, like that, I’m used to the hecticness. My children are a little on the crazy side. They are loud and busy, I think they might get that from me, but I still write. I wrote Taking Shots during their summer vacation, it was hell, but I did it. Trying to Score was a little easier since they were in school but they still came home. It isn’t just them, it’s my husband too. He is a needy little thing, wanting all my attention when my characters are vying for my attention, too.
Although I was happy with this look, I think there was one thing that really made it shine… the beautiful Mareband that I put on Jade! Big Mare had made it for me this weekend and the bright colours in the band seemed to compliment this look perfectly. She makes all sorts of amazing bands and can make custom orders, too. See more from her collection by clicking here.
The Mission Falls may or may not makes its way back to you Lynne… The colourful stuff is Noro Kureyon – which I didn’t realize came in more then one size. So Sarah, you might not be getting this either!
<U+041F><U+043E><U+0441><U+043B><U+0435> <U+0440><U+0430><U+0441><U+043A><U+043E><U+043B><U+0430>: <U+0420><U+043E><U+0441><U+0441><U+0438><U+044F> <U+0431><U+0443><U+0434><U+0435><U+0442> <U+0441><U+043E><U+0434><U+0435><U+0440><U+0436><U+0430><U+0442><U+044C> <U+0430><U+043B><U+0430><U+0432><U+0438><U+0442><U+0441><U+043A><U+043E><U+0435> <U+0433><U+043E><U+0441><U+0443><U+0434><U+0430><U+0440><U+0441><U+0442><U+0432><U+043E> <U+0410><U+0441><U+0430><U+0434><U+0430> <U+0432> <U+041B><U+0430><U+0442><U+0430><U+043A><U+0438><U+0438> Turkey wants US exemption from Iran sanctions Fatah accusing Hamas of collaborating with Israel Another achievement for IDF women: Three female naval officers Mohammed Merah? Can’t Blame Conservatives And Heaven Forbid Talk About Radical Islam Photos of Islamic Jihad Terrorists Killed Since March 9 – Part II Toulouse attacks were definitely not random Hypocrisy (and some anti-semitism) on Toulouse in an Egyptian paper
Very little impact? Jangan bodoh sombong la, MCMC! They were already IN the sites and could have done whatever they liked! You were spared heavier damage because the Anonymous group’s objective was not to destroy your site!
it is dark
Woman must be controlled.
another outfit post from me... after a long lime, 'cause my old cardreader couldn't read the CF-card these pics were on. That's what happens when you let your dad take your pics... You maybe won't be seeing outfit-posts until next week because I was falling off my bicycle today. Quite heavily. I'm wearing bandages around both hands right now and my knee looks awful. And everything just because I didn't want to be late and did overtake a car too near to the pavement... However, it will heal.
I’ve been to Mistletoe House! It was a friend’s birthday today, so it was lovely to go out for a sociable cup of tea and piece of cake. Mistletoe House is a beautiful place to spend a while. It is more than a tea room. It is an art gallery and gift shop, all surrounded by a pretty garden. Sadly the weather today didn’t allow us to wander round the garden, but what a good excuse to go back another day.
Y11 French – Foundation Tuesday 13:00 ML2
I'm really hoping we get all the beers on tap everyday.... This "Here now" and "Gone till some unannounced time later" is highly annoying! I've gone multiple days to the same fest and never got a chance to taste some beers after 3 days of visits. There's something majorly wrong with that. I understand supply and demand, but there needs to be better communication to the public. Maybe a board that states when certain beers will be on tap.... How about using the HAF web site to have a real time list of beers with a schedule of popular beer tap openings and closings?
If you are a lover of the NFL, then the draft is like Christmas morning. All of the future NFL stars are brimming with optimism, the fans deck themselves out in their team gear, and if you’re a Redskins fan, you thank God for Robert Griffin III.
Songstress Michelle Branch wrote: ‘Trying not to go off on a rant but…Chris Brown…*bites tongue* have we forgiven him? #Grammys’
Anyway, there's a part in Linchpin where he writes about how he gets so much done (a dozen books at last count) and he reveals his secret is doing just one thing at a time.
“After spending my whole life treading water in a sea of lunacy, I found myself literally rolling on the floor laughing after I heard MythBuster Adam Savage say:
I'm also prepared for the Timeworn Technique Online Workshop with Andy Skinner (starting next Friday). I think, i've everything together i'll need. Fortunately, the workshop goes two weeks longer....but....i've prepared some secrets to save time and ..hopefully...i can use it (:o)
Yes, exactly, just like that, I guess.
Of course, I doubt anyone else will think it's a good idea!
Another example I can share. In January, 2010, I was watching the Grammy awards. It was a pretty good show, as far as the Grammy's are concerned. But then, something spectacular happened. The artist P!nk came out and gave one of the most beautiful performances I've ever seen as she sang her song, "Glitter in the Air." I was moved. Moved enough to download the song, which I'd never heard before. Over the next few days, I listened to it over and over again.
East Kent and Farnham undoubtedly have the right soil and climate for growing hops. The Farnham growers took more care in their picking and packaging than in other hop growing areas and they were dried without sulphur:
Here's the part where this story get sad. So now I have my gold angel wings and I actually really love how they turned out. I think it's safe to say this is my last DIY project before the big move. I was all excited to mount them over our bed when we decided we were moving and would be selling the house. Our realtor quickly neg'd the idea. Something about turning off buyers...apparently not everyone shares my sentiment about sleeping under angel wings.
I want you to help me find me, down to my core.
Do it for all of us
and above that
Or is he simply lying low?
how about another joke?
But now your love is like poison to me.
You don't often see 'maids in white but I really love this idea and wish it were implemented
Rainy Day Woman
R 5: Repeat R 3 and R 4 around. Twist each spoke after starching and let dry thoroughly.
‘I’m upset and feel really down. Why me? I don’t know why they chose me.’
It's clear that there are lots of budding artists amongst you, and some wonderful drawings didn't win because although they were absolutely superb, they were just too scary or monstrous!
Dropping to my knees, I scoop snow in my hands
Where are our cup finals held?
with a bag of red lentils, a
Put it on… (1 min)
I took sudafed so I could breathe at the same time I was reclining. I don't really sleep that well sitting up.
Your consolations cheer my soul." (comfort, real comfort. . .)
I did spray a little bit in my hair, it has a fresh, grapey scent.
I've adjusted a couple things. I up the yeast to 2 T. and add 1 T. sugar to the yeast and water mixture.
Coverlines The teasers that are meant to make you pick up a magazine: “Ten Days To Thinner Thighs!”
We talk a lot about the steadily increasing rates of autism diagnosis in the US, but we don't hear too much about the rest of the world. In this study, funded in part by Autism Speaks, researchers found a 2.6% incidence of autism in the Korean population.
In this Wall Street Journal oped Ed Morse of Citigroup points out a little appreciated fact: that oil and natural gas production is soaring in the United States—and also in our neighbors Canada and Mexico. Thanks to technological developments such as the exploitation of oil shale, the U.S. has become the fastest growing oil producer in the world and is likely to remain that way for a decade or more. Already we produce almost as much oil as Saudi Arabia; soon we will surpass it. Already we have become a net petroleum-exporting country for the first time since 1949; in the future we have the potential to export far more, or to lessen even more our already declining dependence on oil imports.
Garnishing your will with a wild and springing gait
Jill-my clothes
Let me tell you ...
The reason for two in one is basically down to the fact I bought them together as my first ever record purchase as a 16 year old doing his 'own thing' in Cardiff city centre. Though I don't recall the name of the place where I bought them from?
1 hottentots
I actually read this one earlier in the year, but forgot to write a review until now. I borrowed this book from my brother after he, my mom and one sister read it and recommended it. Fannie Flagg was an author I had heard about and was on my list of to-read authors.
“I’d never ever have sex with him, of course,” Edmondson adds soon after.
Bake the cake layers for 28-32 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let the cake layers cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Turn out the cakes onto a wire rack and remove the paper from the bottoms. Cool completely.
I had so much fun with this card and image. Isn't he handsome?!! I used a lot of Liquid Applique and was hoping for a chilly effect. hee hee I love my Silhouette lamp post and added crackle for a vintage effect. I also used the new Christmas paper from Graphic 45 called Christmas Emporium collection.
I'm a sucker for little cakes and beautiful Brits, so of course I immediately agreed! I mean c'mon, how hard could it be? Plus, I felt an instant fondness to these because they're practically related to cupcakes! Cupcakes = little cakes. Lamingtons = little cakes. You follow the reasoning?
nor is the chestnut-sided warbler pleased to meet you.
Ten thousand saw I at a glance,
Where are the fireside chats? The Oval Office addresses? With the click of a mouse, the president can tell millions of people incredible stories of heroism and daring that are the standard — not the exception — in Afghanistan.
We had a double-check ultra sound a week later, and that ultrasound showed the same thing. With just over a week left before the wedding, we had a difficult decision to make. Did we wait for my body to realize there was nothing there? Or did we get a D&C and remove the risk of miscarrying on our wedding day? We decided to go with the D&C. So, with five days left until the wedding, I had a D&C last Tuesday. Dave has been incredibly supportive, and despite the pain we both felt (emotionally for both of us and physically for me), our love and committment to each other has remained as strong as it was before, if not stronger.
“She said, ‘My dad usually gives us Manolo Blahnik shoes for Christmas, but because of the times, he’s going to give us Manolo Blahnik prints.’ ”
Hearts that Survive by Yvonne Lehman
pushed into various areas of ecstatic joy and humble reverence.
Yahweh has again become Active in Her own fiery anger:
www.newsletter.co.uk/news/DUP-39Uturn39-on-doublejobbing.6642057.jp
I even got to rearrange the front room after the rug was cleaned.
4. The Head Has Become Fat Rap
The al-Shabab masterminds were led by, among others, Adan Hashi Ayro - the group's military leader who was killed in a US missile attack on May 1 2009. It is believed that Adan Ayro and his fellow al-Shabab patrons were trained in Afghanistan. They built the al-Shabab on the tenets of the Taliban - the former rulers of Afghanistan. The al-Shabab first emerged when they began combatting criminal gangs who had been in control of Mogadishu's roads - in effect, modern-day highwaymen.
But waiting at the station, it's the same old refrain.
Butcher's prose is generally no-nonsense with flashes of pure poetry, and this was something I greatly enjoyed as well. It was surprising to me that this came mostly in the arena of romance! Butcher might well have a career as a romance author in front of him *grins*. The growing relationship between Tavi and Kitai is just beautiful - very touching moments as they hold each other before battle, and also very prosaic moments when Kitai will puncture Tavi's times of pride, just because she can.
Any books that we don’t sell on the day of the jubilee event will be passed to be sold in the Severn Hospice Charity Shops so those books can benefit the communities there.
For those of you that don’t know….my bow maker is available for purchase on my right side bar.
Life in Malta was so different – good sleep, good food, good friends, time to wander the streets, sit and look at the view, walk on the sand, time for me, time for others and time for God. There was time for me to engage with my spirit, to start to learn to really listen to what is going on inside me, rather than just ignoring and hoping it was all ok. It helped me find rhythm in my life again.
$1.00 off Garnier Moisture Rescue Moisturizer
-we have always loved this name, and seriously considered it for our second daughter. It's unique and pretty without being too different.
A lot of us miss the “Harry Potter” books and films, now that the series is complete. Some of us choose to re-read and re-watch. Some of us have moved onto the “Hunger Games” series. Some of us weep into our butter beer. Others … well, they write erotic fan fiction starring Voldemort to deal with the pain.
The next morning, I ventured over to the cattle yard. The poor hens had moved back to their coop, but since it was upside down, they were getting very wet in the rain. They were obviously confused at the changes in their home. I could see the black hen underneath. The oldest son wanted to bury her right away so he went in and tried to pull her out. Soon, I heard “Mom–she’s alive!”. Sure enough, that feisty bird lived through the ordeal. She could not move one of her legs and was evacuated into luxury accommodations in the garage with three boys attending to her every need. I can now add “chicken physical therapist” to my growing list of skills. As of July 2 (when I write this blog) that hen is almost fully recovered and is back with her flock-mates.
I’ll be posting more ways to earn income from home, so if you have a business that you would like featured please send me an email.
Now for the matzoh balls.
Soon the afternoon sun rose high into the sky. We looked up on it, and even as we depended on the glowing orb for our lives, we found it strange and foreign. It was warming, but the heat we longed for never came, somehow it lingered just out of reach. As the sun crossed the sky, we followed it down the beach, until the coast shifted and the ocean crossed our path. The distance was too far, and the sun was lost beneath the waves.
May you all have a wonderful weekend with your families. I have no special plans, trying out a new muffin recipe using spelt flour and visiting my local health food store to buy some organic ingredients. We are going healthy in our house. Back to basics.
* China Glaze Crackle Glaze - Crushed Candy
Had they tinkered with the recipe, or some aspect the brewing process, or had The Bottled Beer Year been tinkering with my own capacity to interact and properly 'read' an ale?
I longingly stare at the plate of chocolate chip cookies before me. Ooey, gooey goodness. Homemade. From scratch. Still warm from the oven. Calling to me. Beckoning me. Tempting me. I shove the plate away from me, stand up, and grab a banana from the fruit bowl instead. Chocolate chip cookie it ain't, that's for sure. But there's a part of me that is more fulfilled for choosing that banana. The cookies (yes, "-ies": ya' really think I'd only eat one??) would have satisfied for the period of time it would have taken to put them into my mouth, chew them up, and swallow them. Then, the guilt would set in. Almost immediately. "What have I done? I just compromised all that work I did yesterday! I am such a failure."
If you don't know anything about the movie, it's a documentary that basically shows all the unethical and disgusting practices that goes into the manufacturing of meat in our country. It's definitely a must-see, and was a total eye opener for me.
Rich graduated from Radcliffe College in 1951 and was chosen for the Yale Younger Poets Prize for her first book of poetry, “A Change of World.”
Talk about really pointless.
few days ago, while cleaning the bathroom, i bumped into the door, clumsily. we are going through some rough roads. the idealistic part of me thinks that this is just a phase that we would get through. but in reality, we are through.
- This is quickly followed by, “200 dead? Damn, I had 250 in the pool.”
My award winning Double Chocolate Stout w/Raspberry (named Midnight Chocolate Bar Stout) is down to less than a gallon left and here is the replacement. It should be ready for entry to the Bluebonnet, and I'll take the remainder and charge it on the beergas to serve at the contest's Club night.
girls. The online sites are making a great business in this way. Apart from providing dating and networking facility, the online match making sites also provides with blogs, photos, forums, music, journals, classifieds and games. The blogs are published on the net where one can share their views regarding the site. The photo sharing aspect is another interesting feature where one can see each others photo through the website itself.
2. I have no protruding ankle bone on the inside of my ankle. It's completely flat. And I cannot stand for anyone to touch it. If you try, I will kick you across the room.
Background Focus
He has noticed my toe nails. They've been sparkly lately.
The post about Instant Space project manager Max Humphrey's early influences is on the way. When I asked different designers and artists to share childhood memories of color, several of them, including Max, mentioned a sort of epiphany when they realized that colors can't clash.
Shroom Ridge 2:05:123
samit-pa<U+1E47>i<U+1E25> srotriya<U+1E41> brahma-ni<U+1E63><U+1E6D>ham
I am dyed-in-the-wool RED: the colour blue was banned from our house when I was a kid. But I’d rather City won the Premiership (just this once) than have the English Fanny Adams appoint yet another deadbeat, obedient England manager.
I won't set myself up to fail by declaring I'm going teetotal. For the time being, I’d like it to stop for longer than the two weeks I managed earlier in the year and to show I’m serious, I’ve posted this blog for the world to see and that I can re-read it as a reminder to look after myself better.
At first I was a little annoyed to learn that whoever wrote “My Country Tis of Thee” was too lazy to come up with a unique melody and had to resort to borrowing it from the UK. But then my sister suggested that it was done as a sort of slap in the face, taking something meaningful to the British people and turning it into a song about America. So now I’m okay with it.
I wish I didn’t buy bottled water every lunch when I get the chance back then, and instead, brought reusable bottle or something like that. I was conscious about it before but not conscious enough to actually do something about it. Now, I am doing something about it.
1. Roast Beef at Kincaid’s on Redondo Beach, Los Angeles
The secret to posting with images is to use Explorer rather than FireFox.
1/2 teaspoon ground sage
...the actual cause of our impatience lies within our own hearts, in our own attitude of insisting that others around us conform to our expectations.
Sophomore Showcase is tomorrow for area schools (besides Alva). Adult students will not have class but will need to completed the “outside” assignment by Thursday. I appreciate Austin, Kamaree, Jessica, Zachary, Kevin, and Justin assisting me with the tours.
hot dogs and smores
I am teaching measurement this week to my fourth grade class. My principal heard the kids laughing as he walked by this morning because I just wrote this on the board:
I just danced around that and really internalized it.
SEMPLE who was
Spence Campbell (REP) 1.91% 1,787
This is an idea for how to blog and share and build a community of sharing around you.
And he made from one man every nation of mankind to live on all the face of the earth, having determined allotted periods and the boundaries of their dwelling place, that they should seek God, and perhaps feel their way toward him and find him. Yet he is actually not far from each one of us, for “‘In him we live and move and have our being’”
Big and strong or small and hyper... The Instant Trainer teaches your dog to be a great walker for anyone! That’s why it’s veterinarian and trainer approved!!
Now that Christmas is only a few days away and there is no possible way I could expect to get any of these for Christmas (unless Santa listens to old folk) I will post my gift guide!
I will admit that I am only human, and while I try to show those around me that I somehow ''have it all together,'' the reality is that I don't and I've been going through a hard battle on my own since November. Divorce is ugly, it's hard, it's frustrating, it's embarrassing, it's lonely. It breaks you down bit by bit, and at first everything seems so much easier... but in my experience, once the novelty wears off, it can be one of the most difficult things a person goes through. Sometimes I wish I could curl up in a cocoon for several months, and then magically wake up and all of these tough emotions would be worked out on their own. But life doesn't have a fast forward button, or even a pause button. I have already learned so much about myself and those around me from this experience, and I have a feeling that the lessons will never cease to show themselves.
My title was executive assistant but it was one of the most diverse jobs I’ve ever had. The experience and skills I learned have helped me with many other opportunities since then.
Download Everything Pro is a very lite yet super powerful downloading utility that will let you search and download all the indexed mediafire files and 4shared files. It has all the classic features plus many new cool features and a graceful look too.
1. Habit, of course. I like that hard punch of acid in my mouth–bad for teeth but like the bubbles.
Over the last month, it’s become increasingly clear that there is a coordinated information operations campaign in place to downplay the impact of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The US government and British Petroleum have imposed a scientific and media blackout to prevent the gathering of the information on the oil leak needed to generate precise estimates …
To do the work of God we simply* need to believe in Jesus. Everything else follows.
.fire and brimstone
He pushed his sloppy fingers into her mouth as he plunged his raging cock inside her cunt, and she let out a choking scream as she came again, shuddering against him. The strange tightness of his cock in her pussy and the plug in her ass was astonishing. The lower half of her face was covered in her own juice and his rude squeezing fingers and he lowered his head and bit the plump top of her left tit and growled into her skin. Thrusting and biting and moaning low and deep he filled her with hot bursts of his thick cream. She clutched at his thick hard arms and rolled on wave after wave of a pleasure so hard it was painful.
Wayne has no clue how lucky of a guy he is. His wife Carrie (Courtney Abbiati) massages his shoulders in the morning and tells him that he was tossing and turning all night. WTF? In 95% of marriages she’d be nagging him for keeping her awake all night and husbands would be the same way, except we’d end by saying we need a drink and if we’re kept up all night it’s off to the casino.
Infinity by Conair electric women’s razor with plug in battery charger
Justin Alexander wrote a cool piece (and a follow up) about modeling a hacking system similar to the one found in Deus Ex: HR in a d20 game. This got me thinking: could the same mechanical structure be applied to a different purpose? In this case, interrogating/talking to the denizens of a dungeon?
39. They shoot the white girl first. —Toni Morrison, Paradise (1998)
Press freedom watchdog Reporters Without Borders is also backing the request that Hernández should be transported to Costa Rica.
If only she had worn the denim shirt untucked and found some red skinny jeans a size and a half larger... Her outfit would look great. The shoes and the belt are the only things she got right. Paparazzi was on hand to catch Khloe's fashion crime and the gossip blogs ripped her to shreds. Let this be a lesson kids, always do a full length mirror check before you leave home and buy clothes to fit the body you have not the one you think you have.
Even the CPS could not find a way to ignore that, although they certainly tried, and the media have been busily burying all memory of the case ever since.
I've been making this for just over 4 years now and it's been a hit every single time. Even the omnivores end up having seconds. Personally, I think that one of the keys to success with this is to have a really delicious gravy with it. My favorite for the past couple of years is the Punk Rock Chickpea Gravy from Vegan with a Vengeance. If you don't want to bother with making your own gravy, the Simply Organic Mushroom Sauce packets are quite good. You'll just want to make sure to buy 3-4 packets so you have enough for the entire roast. I'll put up a brown gravy recipe tomorrow if you want something that's more traditional.
Deadline: April 20th, 2012
We arrived in the morning for a tour and information session. It was a beautiful sunny and warm day and the campus sparkled. The admissions office is extrmemely attractive and even has an a fireplace in the center of a sitting area. The info session, held in a cozy corner of the room with exposed brick and lots of enlarged press, photos and posters, (SO different from McDaniel's charming space but blank walls,) was led by an alum, Josh, who described the school in a very favorable manner. Of course, that is his job, but he seemed genuinely proud of the work that is done at Goucher. I especially likes his summary of what students will gain from a Goucher education. He said, "Students will leave Goucher 1. able to write, 2. able to articulate and to think on their feet, and 3. as creative thinkers."
Nominate those 15 bloggers for the Versatile Blogger Award
In January 2009, a woman in California gave birth to octuplets after fertility treatment, sparking worldwide media attention. Dubbed “Octomom” Nadya Suleman gave birth to six boys and two girls.
I knew better than to call any of my friends. I ended up sitting on a hospital bed, talking to the Chaplain. He had the kindest eyes. I told him that the smell, the smell soaked into my pajamas was lighter fluid, like for barbeques.
Or, if you are targeting those in need of wedding day insurance, why not co-market with a florist or photographer?
In the past few weeks I've contemplated whether or not to keep this blog going or to just shut it down. No big "life changing" event has taken place.I just feel like shifting gears from where I've gone with this site so far. The biggest question that I've kept asking myself is this, "Would I feel comfortable giving this URL to everyone I know?" And trust me, it didn't take much effort on my part to quickly answer with a "Not bloody likely!" Sure, my wife, mom, and one brother read it. A few other extended family members read it from time to time and a couple of "real life" friends stop by on occasion, but that's far from everyone I know.
And if Julie P can also please email Debbie at
For non-police readers: every police area entrusts the minute by minute oversight of its police operations to a duty inspector – an officer of my rank. You become responsible for the oversight of all officers on duty at that time and / or the provision of legal and policy authorities to officers from neighbourhood policing teams, 24/7 response shifts, CID or PPU detectives, etc., etc. and this can amount in some areas to over 100 officers at some points. Initial appointment to this rank usually finds you left ‘in charge of the shop’ (especially at evenings and weekends) for the first time and you inherit a world of statutory responsibilities to authorise house searches, surveillance and youth justice disposals; as well as the call out of more senior or specialist officers; mobilizations of other areas’ officers in the face of critical incidents or public disorder.
So, fast forward to last week, and we bump into none other than Pat Roy on our walk to the beach:
19. The Spencer Guideline: If an event is cancelled at the last minute, but the event shirts were already given out, you can't wear the shirt unless you actually ran the race on that day. This means you will have to run your own unsupported event, through snow storms, hurricanes, or whatever lame excuse the Race Organizers came up with for cancelling said event. If you still want to wear the shirt, you have to mark it with a sharpie, "I didn't run this lousy event, and I'm all the better for it, thank you," across the front of it.
*your email (put some spaces in there so you don't get spammed).
Given that I am younger than all my friends, neighbors and peers, I question what people see in me. I hope that they would see a responsible, reliable, friendly person. I am a person who will help others and go the extra mile, someone who is a good mother and wife, someone older than her years, and a person that will take whatever the world dishes out. I will accept life as it comes to me, good or bad, and make the best of it. I am confident in myself and happy to be where I am in my life.
Comment: The Constitution grants the Senate sole authority to confirm appointments when it is in session (Art II Sec 2 CL 2)
How many expect to go to hell? The preacher says, “By grace are ye saved through faith and that not of yourselves.” The sinner replies, “I’m not all that bad. I’m good enough to make heaven. God will let me in.”
And me? Some don’t like me either.
We did have a bit of drama when we first arrived. The realtor had given us the code to the house's lockbox, which Tom punched in. It didn't work. Thinking the internal mechanism might be frozen, he punched the numbers in harder. Again and again, but the box still wouldn't open. Watching this from the warm van, the kids and I became mildly panicked and began calling on every saint in heaven for assistance. Tom got back into the van, called our realtor, and got a recording that her number had been disconnected.
For over two centuries, it published the Rural Registers and Almanacs, begun in 1844. The growth of this publication, which included political, socio-economic and scientific information as well as education articles for American pioneers, expanded from the original production of 13,000 copies to 600,000 copies.***
You see, there was one restaurant that we visited once, it wasn’t even able to send out consistent dishes from the kitchen on the same day when we ordered the same thing!
The re-ride flags kept flying, as most of the top five riders for the night placed after the re-ride option. Elliot Jacoby’s (Fredericksburg, Texas) re-ride on Shot Gun Willy (Holman Bucking Bulls) scored him 88.0 points, $1,950 and second place on the leader board. Third in tonight’s standings goes to Bryan Richardson’s (Dallas, Texas) 87.5 point ride on Sis & Stan’s Bucking Bull’s Zip Code. Richardson walked away with $1,170. Austin Meier (Kinta, Okla.) and 2-time World Champion Chris Shivers (Jonesville, La. (Don Kish Bucking Bulls) tied for fourth and fifth. Meier took on Facial Fear (Don Kish Bucking Bulls) for 87.25 points and $624 while Shivers stayed on Cosca/Brown Bucking Bulls Kick Butt for 87.25 points and $624.
Cornelius is as great as ever but is able to carry an even better range, Great Grog has come on Amazingly (though ive not made it across there i have a handy Squirrel who pick me up beers regularly) Appellation came to my attention this year, and is my main shop as its on my way home from work and i manage to pick up a new beer nearly every visit, and just in the last few months Royal Mile Whiskeys opens a cracking new shop up Tollcross way, and an ex-Cornelius employee has just opened the Beerhive down Cannonmills way while vinowines has just opened a new store in Stockbridge.
The effects are pure Corman kitsch - for the early Sixties, there are some interesting visuals thanks to John Howard and an effect called Spectarama, where things are seen through Xavier's eyes as clothing, skin, membrane, musculature, skeletons, building walls and the very fabric of the universe gets peeled away before our own eyes. And while the effects succeed in giving us visions that we have never seen (for cheap, presumably), they also make us realize that a movie like X: The Man With X-Ray Eyes is about more than the effects.
Are you near Fargo and looking for new, unique, and exciting places to hunt. In this article, we will discuss different federal land areas that allow hunting. However, it is an excellent spot for a cruise in Lewis and Clark and the williston north dakota rentals is a state separate from where given employee works. For this reason, unclaimed monies being held by institutions in these areas to assist the williston north dakota rentals with his every hunting need, including any questions he may have about the williston north dakota rentals regarding education jobs and its several small lakes, woodlands, and prairies; a home to wetlands, nesting cover, and native prairie lands. Most of the williston north dakota rentals a lot of events that take places in the city's historic district.
Population Communities thought to have dropped throughout much of Northern America with the downing of old-growth jungles. Reproduction numbers outlined as vulnerable in The state of kentucky and as of special dilemma in some midwestern and southern declares.
Nobody is going to be preachy, we just want people to know that if they ever have a problem, there will be somebody there who has been through it before who can help.
2 apprenticeship
C: Holiday help
These cookies were delicious, melt-in-your mouth and so buttery. The full recipe called for a full pound of butter and that scared the bujeesus out of me so I cut the recipe in half. The halved recipe (below) still made a substantial amount of cookies but if you want/need more, then just double it. The fun thing about this cookie is that you can roll the chilled dough in non-pareils, or colored sugar and coordinate with any holiday or celebration that you need. I used blue sprinkles for half of the dough and rolled the other half in raw sugar. It's not necessary but it adds a nice textural element to the tender cookie and it makes them extra pretty. The dough can be made ahead of time, then when you're ready for them, just slice and bake.
and now the jar is empty,
I’ve never seen Forrest Gump. (I’ve also never seen The Wizard of Oz. How I’ve made all these years I’ll never know.) But Evening’s Empire reminds me of what I know about it through cultural osmosis. This is, as Bono puts it in a blurb on the back of the novel, “an alternative history of the sixties generation”. While Flanagan shies away from showing us the Ravons interacting with other great British rock-and-roll bands (for instance, Bowie is only mentioned in passing as a starstruck youth in a British club), the Ravons, through three very different careers, manage to hit almost every large event in rock-and-roll history—except Live Aid, which haunts Emerson to this day. While a lot of it just makes sense for a lesser known contemporary of the Beatles, I thought the Ravons’ success with technology was stretching it a bit; whenever the recording industry switches to a new format, the former Ravons manage to always get out ahead. But for the most part, Flanagan creates a very believable journey through the sixties to the aughts, with each decade retaining a distinctive—but not stereotypical—flavor.
Chocolate Malt
I took this photo with lighting from my lamp so please excuse the poor lighting and grainy quality.
Personally, I prefer the versatility of separate diapers and covers, for the same reason I prefer tops and skirt to dresses! Not only does it allow me to experiment more with what I have (maybe the cover is fine, but I don't like my liner or cloth diaper), but I can also replace just one part of the diaper system when it wears out, rather than the whole thing. Cover wears out? I still have the cloth diaper inner. Diaper elastic wears out? I can easily make a new diaper or liner, rather than worrying about how much money I have invested in a pricey AIO. With an AIO, the whole diaper is useless if one part malfunctions. After over a year of diapering (as of March 2012), I can definitely testify that being able to tweak your system is a huge bonus.
haven't had much time for taking pictures,
My friend Jamie is so incredibly smart and funny and loving. He once wrestled an alligator but he’s never shot anyone. The funny smartass I knew at 15 has grown into a better man than most I meet on the street and he’s done it all on his own.
I can not write
Sarawak Report has noted that another key Ta Ann campaigner, MP Simon Crean, is the brother of David Crean, Chairman of Hydro Tasmania. Hydro Tasmania is leading the construction of Murum and is chasing three of the next of Taib’s dam mega-projects. The company is also in charge of monitoring the Bakun Dam as it starts to produce electricity.
“Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it and the rest were blinded.”
Pakistan's Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar likewise warned the U.S. not to cross what she called 'red lines' and not to use Pakistan as a scapegoat. ”If many of your goals are not achieved, you do not make someone a scapegoat,” she said, speaking to the American Government.
Another practical tip that Jude identifies we should do is praying in the Holy Spirit. What is praying in the Holy Spirit? Firstly, it is an ongoing thing. It isn’t necessarily when you sit down at your bed at night and say your prayers; prayer should be a fluid and progressive element in a Christian’s life. Constantly submitting things to God, talking to God in your mind is what Jude is getting at here.
Moyra Donaldson was born and brought up in Co Down and has been described as one of the country’s most distinctive and accomplished writers: a poet whose voice is full of integrity and mystery. Her first full collection of poems Snakeskin Stilettos was published in 1998, followed by Beneath the Ice in 2001, both from Lagan Press. She has received four awards from the Arts Council NI, most recently, the Artist Career Enhancement Award. Moyra’s poems have featured on radio and television, including the Channel 4 production, Poems to Fall in Love With. Horse’s Nest, was published by Lagan Press in 2006 and described in Poetry Ireland Review as ‘one of the most enjoyable poetry books of the last few years.’ Her most recent collection, Miracle Fruit, was published by Lagan Press in November 2010.
.........that I have not blogged about
I have over 22,000 photos on my computer and I have been spending all of my computer time making sure I have them all on discs and trying to free up some space.
and beautiful dresses, silky and soft
We've been battling diaper rash, and eczema. It's awful. :( Your poor skin is so dry and itchy and you have scratches all over. We're switching to Dove sensitive soap, Eucerin lotion and Free & Clear detergent. I hope it helps my sweet boy, I hate seeing you suffer.
The owner's name is Rose and she is a pretty lady in her late 40s. She knows more about my personal life than most anyone else. She's watched my laundry pile in various stages of life- happily matching men's socks and then not and back and forth several times in the 5 years I've been on this street. She knows.
Islam’s message: Submit or Be Conquered.
To help launch our advertising campaign, we're offering a fabulous giveaway to anyone who helps us spread the word.
So, coming back to Cast Lead, this was certainly not our invasion and their defense. When facing the armies of the United States and the Soviet Union in World War II, did the Germans have the moral right to self-defense because those armies invaded their country? The entire invasion of the allies into Germany was self-defense against Nazi Germany. To claim that, in Gaza, they are defending themselves against our invasion is really a not-serious objection.
Zombie Beatdown
Since the chart was produced US home values have moved even lower. Japanese real estate values are going back to levels last seen in 1985. Two lost decades are baked in the cake. The US has already reached one lost decade. When you examine items like the above you have to ask what will be the impetus for increasing US home values. Are we seeing household wages go up? If you listen to talks of the great car recovery story, part of it had to with rising car sales but a large part of it had to do with slashing wages. How is that good for increasing home values?
I visited Gettysburg in September 2010 with my fiance Tony. I walked alone out into the wide open pasture which was once the Wheat Field. I felt the thick dark energy that permiated the air, crushing my chest with its heavy weight. The silence screamed at me and I could almost hear the hot breath of wild eyed horses and charging foot soldiers all around me. I did not feel alone in the least.
Changito is colored with pencils and accented with a black gel pen and a touch of glitter. I used my corner rounder to add a bit of interest to the panels...I really need to remember to do this more often. I finished the card with some white brads. Only after I'd finished did I realize that I put the rain drop panel on upside down! Ack! A little "card surgery" and all is well! LOL
Keegan Jask book 1, a collection of implausible tales from the stellar storyteller. Written by myself with help from artist Leigh Shepeherd It will be 100 pages+ and feature an all new, somewhat improbable tale and hopefully be on sale at the Bristol comics show in May!
The entire universe is in danger as the Daleks activate their masterplan.
i will be damned if i allow anyone to tear me down.
O You, my life!
Smells like a warm, dark bread.
To finish off, we had a roasted rice ball with cod-roe inside. This was also really excellent.The big plump grains of pearl rice round the outside a nice golden colour and deliciously cirspy, while the rice around the roe stayed soft and perfectly cooked.
He disappeared into the bathroom. I stood up and went to the window. I pulled back the curtain. The City stared back, all million eyes, or so it felt. The lights were just amazing.
Wait, what? I’m in a cage again. They’re both gone. Are they coming back? Are they abandoning me? What will I eat after I finish the gooey stuff in this Kong? Actually, why don’t I just eat that now? It smells great and maybe some food will soothe my nerves…
Well, Jemma lost her second tooth today! She was eating Cheese Its in the car on the way to the doctor (pink eye) and said, "Mommy, I don't feel my wiggly tooth." I looked back and sure enough there was no tooth! She said, "Where is it?" I replied, "I bet you swallowed it!" Then we both cracked up! She thought this was pretty funny and assured me we could just write a note to the the tooth fairy! Oh my sweet baby!
WordPress.Com, Blogs that I follow…
The great thing about this project, is that you probably already have everything on hand. I dug through my fabric stash and grabbed any pink or red fabric that I could find. What makes this even more special, is that some of the fabric I used is from Lily's great grandmother.
That said, there are a lot of physical places I knew growing up here as a child that no longer exist. The loss of some make me sad and make San Francisco a significantly poorer place, in my opinion. We’re not, in the great scheme of things, a very old place. We don’t have bottomless stores of architectural beauty and history. We should appreciate and preserve the important things we have.
And this is one of those great craigslist stories where its even better in person... The color was off in the pics on the ad, but when I got there my dreams were confirmed -it was that sick sweet soft mint green in pristine condition! Plus, it came with a faucet that wasn't mentioned in the ad! The faucet's a repro, but still good.
Areas have been deforested for agriculture and then abandoned once the soils have lost their fertility. What many do not realise is the fertility of a rich forest is mostly captured in its vegetation. Only through the continuous cycle of life and death are nutrients released into the ecosystem. Once you strip the vegatation away, the soils hold only a small volume of the nutrients. They then become increasingly impoverished as they are over-farmed, and as rain washes away the remaining but unbound fertile topsoils.
The project, estimated to have a reclamation cost of between RM3.2bil and RM3.5bil and a gross development value of RM9bil to RM10bil, could do with the financial muscle of a company like Sime Darby.
I offered to take my niece out for the morning as they were babysitting her but desperately wanted to carry on sorting out the books they had got the day before. After much deliberation we decided we’d try somewhere she’d been before and enjoyed and as an added bonus somewhere I’d enjoy going to as well. As it was a wee bit nippy the park was out, so we went to THE DEEP in Hull. This place has some good memories for me and now has traumatic childhood memories for my niece (mwahahah)
After the meeting, they lowered his flow on his cannula to 1.5 liters of oxygen/min, which he handled just fine. (Less flow means less chances to aspirate) They also pulled the feeding tube back to the stomach again. We were a bit worried that they were making too many changes too fast for him to keep up with. Thursday was a big day, but our boy did well!
So far we have:
To be fair, this semester has been good to me. Well, I have junioritis real bad so my grades probably suck… So other than my grades and this emotional hurricane I’ve been dealing with, life is good. I started playing bass at the Vineyard. I finally joined a small group and have been somewhat regularly doing my quiet times. I’ve spent a lot of time with old friends while making some new ones along the way (it’s good to be twenty-one). And somewhere in there I found time to ride 800 some miles.
Good morning all! It will probably be afternoon by the time I post this since I have yet to take pictures, but I’ll pretend it’s still morning. I like this outfit and I hope you do too. I’ve had this dress forever, it was a hand-me-down from my sister. I think the first time I wore it was four years ago. Since it’s extremely short, I thought I should wear it with extra-thick tights since, you know, it’s still winter. The dark purple tights bring out the light purple in the dress, and I like the contrast between the dark purple and the red stripe. My everyday boots and denim shirt keep it casual. As much as I love designer clothing, you don’t need a label to look good.
But I loved it. Adored it. Fiercely.
Next week on Tuesday, Feb. 7, don’t miss all-new episodes of GLEE, NEW GIRL and RAISING HOPE. On GLEE (8:00-9:00 PM ET/PT), Will (Matthew Morrison) gives the glee club a Spanish singing assignment, and enlists the help of his musically-inclined night school teacher (guest star Ricky Martin). Then, on NEW GIRL (9:00-9:31 PM ET/PT), Jess (Zooey Deschanel) makes it her mission to get the loft’s cantankerous landlord (guest star Jeff Kober, “Sons of Anarchy”) to like her, and inadvertently jeopardizes her and her roommates’ living situation. Finally, Burt (Garret Dillahunt) gets buried in finances during corporate tax season, and Virginia (Martha Plimpton) seeks a new business venture as a tarot card reader on RAISING HOPE (9:31-10:00 PM ET/PT).
Thanks to the Mad Men Show story line where Don Draper's ex wife Betty got fat from a "thyroid" problem there is now a FatBettyFrancis Twitter account and some of the tweets are pretty funny also I took this picture from a FatBettyFrancis Tumblr site.
K thx bye.
taxes and also not raise taxes
This is one of those movies that I had been longing to see for months before I ever got the chance to view it. The title grabbed my attention immediately, and that, along with the premise and the fact that it stars Sandra Dee made me almost certain that it would be amazing. Usually when a movie has so much going for it, the expectations are lived up to. Unfortunately, as you'll remember from last Sunday, this isn't always the case, but Doctor, You've Got to be Kidding! doesn't disappoint.
If, like me, you always have tons of great gift ideas throughout the year - and then promptly forget every one of these great ideas in the run up to Christmas, then I'm hoping that my little gift guides might be able to help.
Sorry there had to be tights again! Well the wedding is in January and in Ireland so weather wise things are a little scary. (Says she who got married in snow!) I love opaques with open toe shoes and I particularly love Bebaroque's tights and they are really fabulous in person. I may have a couple of pairs myself. I just think the details which they add to tights are clever, delicate and oh so girlie. Oh and you can totally wear them both ways with a bow or other detail on the front of your foot or at the back of ankle. Wonderful. (Also totally believe that hype that one size fits almost all. As you know I am not exactly a size 0 and they fit even me really well!)
So, keep your eyes above for the ever-changing fun!
At a time when the whole issue of Intellectual Property has never been more relevant, it seems crazy that agencies aren’t investing more effort into creating advertising that can run and run and run for their clients.
And um, I realize that's not the best camera angle for my hand (dude, it looks HUGE) so I apologize for that. And our clunky keyboard has a plastic-y sound that I hate (if you have an unwanted piano, feel free to send it to me!)
If she ever has a spotted lamb, then I will know she has the spotting gene. If she does carry the spotting gene, there is only a 1 in 4 chance she will have a spotted lamb.
She walked in shadow life, appearances deceitful, a smiling face
We really believe in balance in our beers at Boulevard and Deschutes nails it with Bachelor. I find this beer amazingly drinkable and refreshing. My best friend lives in Eugene, Oregon and I pound this beer whenever I go out to visit. I have fond memories of standing waist deep in a lake drinking this beer. Larry Sidor, Brewmaster of Deschutes, was kind enough to hook me up with a case of it when I visited his brewery.
A little different twist on Jesus’ Golden Rule, which appears, by the way, in some form in virtually every spiritual tradition. I turned the words around, however, because I’ve learned that you only ever do to others what you do to yourself. And, conversely, you do to yourself what you do to others. I think it was the Buddhist, Pema Chodron, who first taught me this. So I can’t help but wonder, when a nation like the U.S. goes to war and kills others, there’s perhaps a sense in which we kill something within ourselves in the process. Which is probably why the Chinese say, “Before seeking vengeance, better dig two graves.”
“In a secular and non discriminatory society gay couples should be as free to marry as any other human couple. If people wish to be married within a religious or spiritual institution’s framework then they should accept the rites and rules of that institution. However it is the state that legitimises all marriages.”
I paired him up with the petite pages from Webster's pages. For a finishing touch I added flowers from Prima and a metal foliage piece from Tim Holtz.
Now my compassion slowly drowns
Being in one of the most beautiful areas of Maramures, as its name Dragos spring, you will certainly feel giddy silence that offers you mountain. Pension is situated at the entrance Petrosul Nature Reserve – Rodna.
After lunch and a much needed caffeine pick me up we were off to pick out our new tree! As soon as we got to our local store and hit the nursery Boog spotted the loveliest lilies. I LOVE Lilies so of course they were immediately added to our shopping cart. Soon we came upon a Hibiscus plant. When Littles saw it she started to grab for it and say "my, my" over and over again until I put it in our cart. So Littles picked out our "tree" ( I think it is really a bush) and Boog picked out some flowers to add to our yard.
“I hope through my practices to honor the women, children and men who have lost their lives and who are struggling to survive now,” said Nancy, a resident of Roswell, Ga. “My daily journey will be much easier than theirs. But, I live in a society where people die from obesity and obesity related issues – we die from too much. They die from not enough…”
i give a lot of shit to timequakes, don’t i. most stories are dystopian, in this horrible pathetic destructive hell which crapitulatism forces on all of us. of course narratives of this plane of existence are going to be about “unwinnable” wars by stout-hearted, efficiently-fueled rebels. the only narratives that can “sell” are based on these wars, for the same reason that logic isn’t allowed. destruction is the name of crapitulism. it is its purpose, its intent, and its means. cooperation is only amongst a select group of “experts” whose thoughts have been massaged and repeated for years. anyone with actual mathematical ability gets forced out of the study of anything of actual use or applicability and into infinite loops of useless trivia. although the uselessness of the “facts” which they study is frightfully popular amongst the poisoned masses, this diversionary tactic serves only to squash dissent amongst humans. 1:37 pm
There are thing going on right now that are bigger than us. Look at the goddamn big picture people.
He saw the dark grassland. He saw the baobab tree in the corner, standing tall like some genie from the Arabian nights. Suddenly he saw something moving to his right. He was stunned in fear and shock the very next second.
Them: *looks up* thank you.
While the famiy loves and appreciates the visitors- it is best that Marissa not be in large crowds of people with tons of questions etc. She just needs to take it one person, and one day at a time.
Internationally syndicated award-winning cartoonist, author, and stand-up comic. Author of Bizarro. vegan
Ink: Pretty in Pink, Chocolate Chip
Our house's stucco has been started and the first coat of paint (Birch White by Dunn Edwards) went up! While it's not as white as I wanted it to be, I think it looks pretty good and the warmth of the white keeps the house from looking like a sterile hospital :)
It's finally fall here in the desert! It rained yesterday which sent me into a fall baking tizzy, on top of fall house cleaning :) In between all of that, I was able to squeeze a quick card in for Flourishes Timeless Tuesday. It's all about priorities ;)
Text 47
So if you want to follow my blog through that, feel free to follow on there again...and if not, you can always follow through Bloglovin' as well. Both options are on the right sidebar of this blog!
Yet when we try to warn our fellow humans against impending dangers, be it natural or human-made disasters, all of our efforts are heavily filtered, blocked or buried by Google, Inc.
PNAU (AUS)
In a country of immigrants, some who arrived earlier than others, none of these traditional practices should really sound strange and foreign to Americans. Kolker throws in some numbers to assure us that there are fewer foreign-borns in the country today when compared to a hundred years ago. Many of the immigrants who entered the New World a century ago surely had their own version of these practices. Somehow, in the intervening years, they have been displaced by ‘modern American values’. I certainly don’t wish to idealize either the ‘traditions’ or their modern counterparts, but it is fascinating to note the rate at which cultures and people change, or stay the same. While immigrant pockets might still be practicing ‘assisted marriages’, their peers in origin countries might consider the practice as antiquated as contemporary Americans do.
From that we are collaborating on the Jacob Bear series of stories. Oh and Two's Company is to published, along with seventeen other Sci Fi short stories as part of a collection. Not a bad start to the, so called, last year of the Earth. Now is the time to show the rest of you. I take my themes wherever i see them, whether in reality or dream-world. I hope you enjoy. If not tell me why. If so tell me why. Many thanks and be safe. So far I have published:
If it were not for the dispensational change that took place even we would have difficulty comprehending the problem. The Jews could not comprehend the fact of Gentiles being saved without the Jews. The Jews could not understand Gentiles being without the Law of Moses. In fact, they had difficulty seeing the need for Paul.
the naked truth can be ugly
Sadako’s Rating: 3.5 stars out of 5
Add the meat and brown this off, adding the jerk seasoning just as the meat begins to seal.
The girl’s mother let out a little shriek herself and then fell prostrate on the concrete floor of the corn crib.
Many of these challenges remain outside our direct control, lying either with physical constraints that are effectively absolute, or with levels of state authority we cannot easily manipulate.
Energies at different frequencies can occupy the same space, for example multiple TV channels
A pre-fame Elton John and Roger Hodgson out of Supertramp join forces with Caleb Quaye (see track 8) to produce a happy hippy tune. It’s rather laboured with its references to pixies and “corduroy toadstools” on the ceiling, but how often do you get the chance to hear Roger Hodgson sing about this sort of thing? Consider yourself treated. Or not, if you feel that way about it. Just don’t call it a “guilty pleasure”, for f__k’s sake.
For this reason, since well before the mid-twentieth century there has been an almost all-encompassing tendency to completely dismiss the various incarnations of Uncle Tom completely. This is rather unfortunate, if for no other reason than that the story was the single most recognizable landmark on the American cultural landscape for the better part of a century. The book was the best-selling novel of its time (sold 300,000 copies the first year of its release, 1852), and the various plays and movies were even more popular than that, reaching millions more people. The characters and many incidents from the book became household by-words, and references to the likes of Topsy, Eva, St. Clare, Eliza and Simon Legree in the late 19th century and early 20th century are as common as references to the Bible and Shakespeare. This is true even as late as the 1951 musical The King and I (though if that’s the only place you know it from I will be only too happy to flog you, Legree-style, with a bullwhip).
*McCoy is still having a hard time getting to sleep. It's hard to deal with all the advice that I've asked for... some of them are differing. But school starts tomorrow so we will be back into a better routine soon enough.
Or is that a heart attack?
One of my best friends is moving to Alberta, and I'm so sad!
8 Wanda Vidal
A specific pace was specified for each of the runs. They were generally at the Marathon Pace (10:24 minutes/mile) plus 30 – 45 seconds per mile. For the first 9 weeks, I completely ignored the paces. I just ran whatever felt comfortable, which was usually around 9:50 minute/miles at the start of each run. My Sunday runs were nearly always followed by Sunday rehearsal, so I felt pressure to get the run over with as quickly as possible in order to move on to the next agenda item. Running too fast may have contributed to my failure to complete some of the early long runs. Shortly after the Heart Mini, I started following the prescribed, slower, paces for the rest of my runs and, for the most part, completed the distances.
Tomato Rice
Well, never mind that everybody and their grandmother is on Pinterest now (I'm serious. I know grandmothers on Pinterest) but "pinning" has become as much of a household word as "Facebooking" someone or "Googling" something. Aaaand apparently the selective period is over since I recently got a shitload of hate comments on one of my pins. Seriously, who does that? Pinterest began as such a grown-up place to get ideas on pimping your house and making your own make-up from scratch, and all of a sudden people look at a before-and-after pic of a chick (not me!) who lost weight and got ridic in shape and are like "Sorry, I don't think that's possible." Wha? I just wanted to pin it for inspiration. Now I have 35 comments of people basically arguing whether it's possible or not and 400something repins (all of which were getting emailed to me when repinned.) Get off my pin, people!
Combining their love of ska, reggae, punk, and rock, The Crombies may be the finest American 2-Tone All-Star tribute band I've ever seen or heard! Founded by vocalist Mike Park (ex-Deal’s Gone Bad, Lord Mike’s Dirty Calypsonians) and Deal’s Gone Bad guitarist Dave Simon, the six-piece band perform fantastic, pitch perfect versions of songs by The Specials, Madness, Bad Manners, The Beat and more.
For a vegetarian option, switch chicken for tofu or simply load pancakes wihth salad, grilled veg or even hummous dip spread and salad..such a versatile dish and costs as little as £3 to make!
I made the gingham ribbon loops by cutting a 6" length of ribbon and folding then and adhering each fold with a sticky dot. I love ribbon loops, they just add a sweet feminine touch. It was a female fox, I'm betting she was out hunting to feed her kits. Then the branches are felt which I brushed with a little bronze ink and the flowers are some layered Primas.<U+FEFF> Finally I added a small journal tag and that's all there is to it!
Fast forward to this morning, the phone call. I was scared to answer it, for fear he was going to tell me my mom had died. Thankfully that isn't what he said, but I am worried today as her heart rate and blood pressure are up. He said she was in AFIB again. I thought the drs had found something that was going to control it, but I guess it's not working so well. The AFIB scares me because that is what caused the strokes, but if her heart doesn't slow down, it keeps going up, it could herniate and ultimately kill her.
but too expensive to jump on a plane tomorrow
My Mother has always been a fan of my scrapbooking; always wanting to see my latest projects and buying all the magazines that I get published in. This women rocks! Now it is time to honor her and what better way than to have her beautiful face on the GCD Studios Blog. I love making my momma proud.
I also bought another shirt, not pictured here, and some other things from Bath & Body Works, Love Culture, Forever 21, and TJ Maxx. It was definitely a fun shopping trip. And overall, I am very satisfied with what I purchased. Old Navy definitely had the best deals and the best fits. I actually found more things there, but decided not to get them all. It was definitely some fun times at the register!
Forgive yourself
And thou shalt see those who contented are
Andy Fenn - Young neo pro (new rider) – apparently he’s quite a prospect. I’ve not seen anything from him yet so I look forward to finding out what he can do!
All are welcome, whether you are a beer lover or just tasting your first glass! If you would like to be apart of Barley's Angels but cannot attend this event email alex@shadesofpale.com and she will keep you up-to-date on meetings/events!
One of my goals, while here in Bali, is to keep a nature journal. I have finally settled into somewhat of a routine – of basic day-to-day living, that is – and now have some time to get back into a creative groove.
This is one aspect to think about.
Maria Menounos. After making fun of another minty green gown earlier in this review, I have to laugh a bit that this one is on my best dressed. The vibe is completely differing. It's green chiffon layered over a shimmering gold fabric, and it the cut of the gown makes her look like a greek goddess. LOVED this gown.Ellie Kemper in Armani Prive. I LOVED this gown. I have to admit I wanted to smack Ellie for referring to it as a 'rust' color. Rust is ugly. Copper is pretty. I'm surprised that the color goes so well with her red hair, but this was a definite hit for me. And moving on to our first nominee for Best Dressed. Jennifer Lopez' daring and revealing Zuhair Murad gown was gorgeous and hugged her curves in all the right places. As to the alleged wardrobe malfunction...I don't believe for a second that it happened. With a plunging neckline that, she was probably glued into that dress to make sure that everything stayed where it was supposed it.George Clooney must have known he wasn't taking home the statue, but it was okay because his girlfriend Stacy Keibler's was Oscar personified in her Marchesa dress. I usually hate the gold dress-like-oscar gowns, but this one is just so flattering and hugs her in all the right places. I was highly amused by the E! commentary, when one of the stylists gasped and realized where the 'missing' gold Marchesa gown she'd wanted for one of her clients was. It's good to be Clooney's girlfriend.Emma Stone in Giambattista Valli. I LOVE this gown. She looked so statuesque. I loved the bow, I loved the slip from neck to navel that was only visible once she began presenting, the belted waist, and and I love how the raspberry fabric flowed around her. There's been a lot of criticism regarding her selection, saying she wore the same dress as Nicole Kidman wore in 2007. Folks, they each were a shade of red and had a bow. The comparison stops there. She looks gorgeous, and she's high on my best dressed list. Rose Byrne in Vivienne Westwood. Va Va VA Voom!!! Westwood is admittedly one of my favorite designers, but wow. The gown (which is apparently midnight blue...not black), shimmers, fits her like a slim column, and has an amazing one shoulder strap. The platform peep toe shoes, the long silver earrings, and the severe bob cut just makes this outfit sophisticated perfection. I want to be her.Gwyneth Paltrow in Tom Ford. She looks like a million dollars and is officially my hero if she succeeds in helping the cape to make a comeback. The elegant and simple lines of the gown and cape are just perfect, and I was amazed at how well the one shoulder look works with the cape. The award for Best Dressed goes to Jessica Chastain in her larger-than-life McQueen gown. The gold embroidery and beading on black is just stunning, and it had a gorgeous train. The colors worked very well with her red hair. Before I knew it was a McQueen gown, I was immediately reminded of his iconic Peacock dress. Just like every girl dreams of her wedding dress, I think if you grow up dreaming of going to the Oscars, this is the kind of dress you dream of and it's the kind of dress you wear when money is no object.
WHAT: Press conference to discuss manhole explosions and improved coordination by Con Edison
Params
It’s easy to see why mouse populations can grow under the right conditions. Fortunately, breeding slows markedly as mouse population’s increase.
Solving the mystery about the murder case of the crown princess will be the main story of SBS TV’s drama series Rooftop Prince towards the end.
and put down z.
Ummm 4th of July weekend was horrible. People in our neighborhood were lighting off fireworks until 2-3 am. Between Kyle and our rottweiler, I wasn't sure who I wanted to hurt more. They both jumped with EVERY SINGLE noise and were on edge for the entire week. Our rottweiler is just now able to go outside without freaking out. I hate that 4th of July/Independence Day should be a day to celebrate the things he has done for his country, but it ends of being a nightmare due to his PTSD. I actually got him to stand in our backyard for about 10 minutes to watch the fireworks that the state trooper was lighting off. Our block is one of those big squares that has everyone's backyards meet up in the middle...no alley way. The state trooper lives on the opposite side of the square from us. He lit them off in front of his house and gave me a great view! At least I got to see some of them.
This book isn't on the epic scale of some of Laxness' other works, but I found it to be an enjoyable read- and much better the second time after I had gotten a little more background on its setting and themes. It has a much faster pace than most of his others, the whole novel unfolds in less than a year. Laxness again shows sensitivity and insight in handling a female character, and while Ugla is hardly the heroic figure portrayed in Salka Valka, her character has real depth. I've found myself quoting this book on more than one occasion. It might be a bit bewildering at times for the beginning Laxness reader, but it is a solid effort by a truly great novelist.
Ed G. Spivey smiled, his last thought,
1 tsp fennel seed(do not leave out)
If we can get around to the fact that Matzah as the bread component essentially sucks, then we have to simply rely on the fact that it is a launch vehicle for the topping. Therefore, it is important that we center upon the actual flavor of the sauce than the “crust” itself.
Okay, so what have I been up to in the classroom? Well, for 100s day, I never got to make those cute little 100 year old people from Finally in First. So we made them when we started talking about Ben Franklin in our Reading series. We talked about how things have changed through the years. I wanted them to write what they thought the world would be like 100 years from now. Here's a couple pictures of their people and their writing.
Location: Jose Abad Santos Memorial School (JASMS) basketball court and other open areas
Now is your chance to own one of Bill’s Sacred Heart works. Austin television station KEYE is giving away a limited edition giclee print that sells for $1200. Go to www.weareaustin.com from March 19 to March 23 at noon. KEYE will announce the winner on the 4 pm news during the live broadcast at Art @ the Domain. Don’t miss this opportunity to own one of these incredible works.
Albert Einstein once said “Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I’m not even sure about the former” Well it looks like he had these people in mind when he said that. Wajinga ndio waliwao kwelikweli!
This is what we plan on munching on this week :)
Check it out.
I am one of the wanted.
Once the sun goes down, the evening entertainment begins. The performers tell the story of the history the Polynesian migration, the Hula, and the modern hula. Their web site reads:
"Shutter Island" has the extra problem of being a product of its time, where the construction of the plot is more important than the sum of its themes. It becomes a series of parlor tricks that leads to a conclusion that is not as mind-blowing as the director or writer hoped. It feels like someone telling you they will pull a table cloth off without pulling off the dishes. They tug at the cloth just a little and then say they are going to do it for real this time. They then repeat this several more times, before flipping the entire table with the dishes crashing to the floor. Those dishes are the Big Twist.
In this first book in a purported trilogy, Sage is taken from an orphanage by the scheming Conner and taken to his luxurious mansion with fellow orphans Roden and Tobias. The reason? The entire royal family of Carthya has been murdered, with the exception of Prince Jaron, who was on a ship that was attacked by pirates when he was about ten, and has never been found. Conner wants to groom a boy to pretend to be the prince, ostensibly to prevent a war between Carthya and a neighboring kingdom. The boys have a variety of skill levels, education, and attitude problems, but Sage is the worst-- he is constantly fighting against Conner, running off, and being a brat about his new found fortune, mainly because all the boys know that whomever is not chosen will surely die. Despite his contrary personality, Sage develops some allies in the maid servant Imogen and the trainer Mott, who both try to help him, and manages to attract the positive attention of the princess Araminda, who is supposed to marry Jaron's brother, and since he is dead, will marry the boy Conner chooses to be prince. When Conner finally does make his choice, long forgotten secrets are revealed that change the entire game.
and another
Tonight... my children, who go to bed relatively easily on most nights (probably because our summertime schedule is exhausting) had issues. Tonight, Mark wondered if he could stay up and keep me company. The answer is, "No, Mommy is very tired and wants to relax and be alone." Translated into "No, Mommy is very tired and wants to watch The Real Housewives of New Jersey that she has recorded since Daddy is way above such trivial nonsensical television viewing." Zachary's comforter was in Mark's room downstairs, so I tried to pull off a switch-a-roo and put a crocheted blanket his Auntie Sarah had given him when he was born to cover him. He was NOT amused and cried "But, Mommy, it has holes in it!" So I threw a sheet on him and said I'd bring up his comforter. Ben, he sobbed, because "I want a sheet that isn't cut!!" Do you want to venture a guess into why his sheet might be cut? Because he cut it with scissors. And yet, it warranted huge tears and breathless sobbing. Make a note, that Eric had no issues, other than requesting an extra hug. He's so, so big and wonderful!
Anyways, I’m not sure who is into all this scary/horror stuff, but it obviously sells, or they wouldn’t be producing so many horror movies each year. Just the covers of some of these movies is plenty enough to creep me out.
Place the pizza stone/baking sheet inside oven and cook for about 10 minutes or until the egg looks cooked (I needed to cook mine a little longer, about 5 minutes longer, but your oven may differ. Just keep checking after 10 mins; you’ll know when it’s done)
(Many in those communities opposed to such things as eminent domain abuse naturally found this assurance disconcerting.)
Third: Eat 6small meals instead of 3large meals. Your metabolism will not suffer from peaks and lows, allowing more energy throughout the day and higher fat burning.
I came across this today during my weekly blog catch-up. I was reading Chandres's post in Upcycled Purpose. If you haven't been to this blog, you need to go there and read what God's amazing grace and redemptive powers are doing in this family right now. PTL!
I rouse myself from lying on Mase's lap (inverted, I know, but his little fingers tugging on my hair is heaven). I ask Helen, "Why are the butterflies bad, baby?"
The other thing I turn to is music. And so having said all that, I would like to share with you an extremely special recording... this cheers me up when I'm down.
One senior figure says: “There are some who say this is a blip. I don’t buy that. We are not John Major’s government yet. But if we don’t get our act together by the party conference in the autumn we will be in trouble. I think I’ve worked out the problem. In Nos 10 and 11 they are not that bright. They all like to give the impression that they are so much cleverer than us. But they aren’t.”
04. Rhyme O'Clock feat. More Or Les
Oh how the Matron loves Narrator. Her little right hand man!
Really, he could care less about me, he wants to be by Daddy every minute of the day, he is who he asks for the minute he wakes up and the person he wants to put him to bed. Daddy hung the Moon and the rest of us are just props in the sky.
And walk.
Oil - 1 tbsp
Prepare cheesecake mixture. In a medium bowl, beat cream cheese, sugar, egg and vanilla extract until smooth. Drop in dollops onto prepared brownie batter. Gently swirl two batters with a butter knife.
But believe I am completely fine
"The new law expands the list of protected categories beyond race, color, religion or national origin, and for the first time, allows the federal government to prosecute violence undertaken because of the actual or perceived gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, or disability of any person."
J E T S ~ Jokes End This Season?
MMS (Multimedia Messaging)
I said guys, I am not the enemy.
Mather, F., J.T. Manning, & P.E. Bundred. (unpublished). 2nd to 4th digit ratio, hair and eye colour in Caucasians: Evidence for blond hair as a correlate of high prenatal oestrogen.
1/4 cup chopped sundried tomatoes
Of course, these are my awesome red Miz Mooz boots (last worn here). I had a few people at work (who read Ephemera) ask if these were the new ones, but alas no. Those will have to wait for another capsule.
In the miniseries’ second episode titled, “Manifest Destiny”, Thunder Heart Woman had seemed impervious to her white in-laws’ attitude toward her, during her immediate family’s short stay with her in-laws in Virginia. Even when faced with the disapproval of a German minister and fellow wagon immigrant called Preacher Hobbes (Derek de Lint), she remained impervious to his bigotry. At least according to her husband’s narrative. But this essay is not about Thunder Heart Woman. It is about one of the men in her life – the one love in her life, who managed to catch my attention. Namely one Jacob Wheeler (Matthew Settle and later John Terry).
“We are unfazed by any effort to undermine the peace talks, and the parties are committed to work for a negotiated solution to the Mindanao conflict,” chairman Seguis said.
3. Anger comes from fear!! What does Oprah call it? An "AHA" moment. Well, I had one today when I read Ann's advice post about this topic. I'd post a link to the blog, but I don't know how. Just trust me. Lol.
* = Newtown, for the unfamiliar, is where the Sydney student-art crowd typically can be found sipping lattes while wearing brightly coloured, mismatched footwear, berets, skinny black jeans and statement shirts, paired with the ironic gaze of someone who knows exactly how soy products are made. When Livinia likens a person’s hair to Newtown (as she did this Saturday), she's just searching for a polite, euphemistic way to say she’s not a fan.
These others extend beyond whites. Asian American school children in New York and Philadelphia have for years been beaten up by their black classmates. But people in the mainstream media who go ballistic if some kid says something unkind on the Internet about a homosexual classmate nevertheless hear no evil, see no evil and speak no evil when Asian American youngsters are beaten up by their black classmates.
Why are all of your posts a year old (other that this one?) Okay, this wasn't really a question I got, but felt the need to address it. Because I'm a poor excuse for a blogger. I finally figured out how to sort of use my camera, so hopefully I'll get some good DIY posts up sometimes soon.
On 20 May 2012 there will be an annular solar eclipse. The Sun and the Moon will be in 00*20’ Gemini. Mars in Virgo will be casting a square aspect to the lunar nodal axis.
The worrying thing for the oligarchs, though, is that the workers in the ‘workers state’ are starting to get restive, demanding trade union rights and kicking against corrupt officialdom and unscrupulous capitalist entrepreneurs. Even Mao receives the occasional brick-bat, thrown at his mooning face! Never mind; I expect they will all cheer up when The Great Exploit of Building the Party finally makes it to their local multiplex.
The three were members of their station's robbery and hijacking unit, which was named the best police task team in Gauteng last year.
What do you think? Would you like to join me in a virtual vegan potluck? I hope so! Please let me know by emailing me at anunrefinedvegan@gmail.com – and tell me what course you’d like to contribute (no need to include the exact dish). Check out my page Vegan Virtual Potluck for more details and for info and developments – and by all means, spread the word and invite other food bloggers!
If …then.
Fun Finds
I am very grateful to James Bradley and Daniel Lloyd for their generosity and courage. It must have been quite a leap of faith to 'cast out into the deep' by leaving the Anglican Communion to enter Pope Benedict XVI's newly erected Ordinariate - or, as Fr James has apparently and humorously put it: "Leaving the gatehouse to move into the manor house"! I am also very grateful to all those who have decided to enter into full communion with the Catholic Church whilst holding onto their Anglican patrimony by becoming members of the Ordinariate. These men, women and children, are ecclesiastical pioneers - leading the way on the path of real and lasting Christian unity. Thanks should also be given go to all those Catholics who have embraced the Holy Father's project by welcoming the Ordinariate into the wider Church. But, of course, none of this would have been possible without the extraordinarily wise, generous and prophetic vision of the Pope himself - for whose leadership it is right to cry out: Deo gratias!
I hope we are still on speaking terms.
Chapter 18: Using Business Rules to Implement Services
Oil / Ghee
(1) The ones with proper documentation who’ve waited their turn.
The author’s descriptions pull the reader into the inner workings of a police crime unit, and take us behind the scenes with a host of angelic beings. Character development is exceptional. Suspense, action and dialog are brilliant. Read SINS OF THE ANGELS, by Linda Poitevin. You’ll be glad you did.
In short the trip had everything. From stunning views and limited release brews to bargain hunting and Bogan spotting – we even had real beer tears and lost a couple of our number along the way.
There is just a tiny handful of students in my classes who will need to boost scores in the last six weeks to be certain to pass the semester, but I’m happy to see parents almost any time. I may not be able to stay for the entire evening, but please check in if you’re here. Bonus points for students whose parents check in, as always.
I took out from my refrigerator the very basics for a good hearty, spicy vegetable soup. There was a half of a large butternut squash sitting quietly in my refrigerator along with a large bag of carrots. I discovered a half of a large onion just waiting to jump into a food creation of mine. Supporting the major components of this throw-together soup are my spices always ready to flavor-up a dish.
me, I set my own terms for phase two and I found myself, amazingly and
Early on in the film, Doctoroff sets the stage, explaining, "The city was a city of a working waterfront. Gradually, of course, the port function, as well as the industries that grew up around them, were driven away by global forces. There's very little that, in our view, is more important than reclaiming that waterfront. We have a moment in time when we think we can do it politically. We are seizing it with a fury that is uncharacteristic for New York development. This is a major, major effort to open the waterfront to the people of New York City."
A Boyfriend for Christmas ... Lifetime ... 2 AM
7) Korra is______
If fans pre-order now, they’ll receive a large group poster as well as three random member bromide posters while supplies last. ‘Welcome to the Block Repackage’ is due out May 2nd.
This makes crime subjective and gives other ethnic groups legal power over “White” people. Further, guilt is determined a priori and not in court.
I’m not saying I’ll never again use the boxed stuff – or the bouillon cube. I’m sure there are things that don’t require the rich buttery freshness of homemade stock. But I plan to always remember that a good recipe can be made great with the right ingredients. Some call BS on the whole ingredient-driven trend. I get that too. But that’s not because the quality of ingredients don’t matter. It’s because quality of ingredients should ALWAYS matter so much that there shouldn’t have to be an “ingredient-driven” classification.
07 Ramrod (4:11)
The right-of-way skirted the hills at the edge of the Putnam Ranch. Near the Jack Creek crossing Horace Putnam and George Hedrick deeded the site for a siding and station to be called Putnam. They hardly expected a town to grow up around it, as occurred after Charles Drain donated the site for another station and siding years earlier. But it was a nice
If these things seem a bit excessive, the reader should bear in mind the earlier point about how the resources the police bring to bear on a crime are roughly proportional to its seriousness. If you plan to be driving around the country, kicking people's doors in, pointing guns at their heads and threatening to shoot them if they refuse to give you the combination to their safe, you had better expect the police to start pulling out all the stops. And the longer you get away with it, the deeper they will dig, and the greater the chances of their souped up top-down sweeps bringing your name up on a screen.
Well worth preserving.......oh my! Something I've done will be held in archives for who knows how long.... To feel a sense of creating a tiny bit of social history is something :-) .I'm still getting my head round the idea frankly. Something so small in the grand scheme of things ( its only a parish mag afterall) is deemed worth saving for the future. There is a real sense of achievement there.
11:00am
Sure enough, two of the best cheap eats in NYC are even better when they are together. This Falafel wrapped Andouille (was going to use a hot dog but I found these amazing sausages) worked way better than I ever thought it would. With the corn dog as inspiration, wrapping the sausage with my homemade falafel mix and frying in safflower oil proved to be a fantastic idea. I made a quick sauce of greek yogurt, roasted red pepper, and cucumber that gave just enough freshness to pair with the hearty Falafel Dog. I’m excited to give this one a go in the “mini” form for catering hors devours and even go back and see what else I can add.
John Chipura, 39, New York, N.Y.
Before we announce the next challenge we need to announce the winner of the last challenge
"Hello Michael and Katie.
Take the leap now. Whether it’s year 3, 7, 13, 24 or 40 … love, marriage, and life together are worth celebrating. Don’t feel you have to wait for big “notable numbers” to plan something special with your spouse. Like us, you never know what the next year will bring, and we can attest it doesn’t take a silver, gold, or platinum number to have the perfect holiday together!http://pinterest.com/pin/214343263484656813/
Since we’d waited a little late to actually plan this trip, our ticket situation had been tricky for the weekend days of the meet. It’s a huge event among Dutch speedskating fans, and most of the tickets sold out quite early; on this particular day, we had not been able to buy enough seats for the five of us, so John, Ryan, and I were ticketed in the standing-room-only corners, i.e. the party zone of the oval.
A tentative thread binds us still.
One day a construction worker left the job a little early, and when he got home he found his wife in bed with another man. Purple with rage, he hauled the man down the stairs and into the garage where he proceeded to secure his dick in a vice.
Now, my last post was about my love of old hymns, more specifically I reposted a montage of old hymns and their lyrics as they display the Gospel message. The reason I love old hymns and the reason I love Secret Church are one in the same. They both speak concentrated truth that penetrates my mind and soul. There is something unique about the eloquence and unabashed lyrics in old hymns just as there is something unique about uniting with 50,000 people in 70 countries to learn together, pray for the persecuted Church, and worship God by devoting ourselves to His Word.
We split up just after Rathfarnham, Marcin heading back to his beautiful baby girl, Mr M to whatever it is that the childless do on a Sunday. I checked my clock and saw that I had plenty of time to shower, change pedals and have a little rewarmup before starting my spin at 12. It felt good to have done three hours and to still feel strong and ready for the rest of the day. I wished that i had made more use of the weather since I'd been back, made more of an effort to get out. I looked forward to the remaining warmish weeks and putting in some serious mileage. Glowing with all those good endorphins, I gave a little kick on the brief incline up to Orwell Road. I checked right as I approached the left hand turn. Clear, I would have called had I been with the boys. And then my hands came off the bars.
When all was said and done, we had 7 minutes left for our final block of the day. We got filmed in our last 7 minutes in Relief Society . . . . . . and then they went and did a "mock" early morning seminary class, which McKay conveniently forgot to tell us about so he could go home. I guess the kids changed into "school" clothes for that shoot. We were home eating dinner by that time I'm sure!
Randy Romain is an Ottawa-based disability advocate and writer. He provides peer support, attends fundraisers and information sessions for CPA Ottawa and volunteers at the Ottawa Rehabilitation Centre’s resource centre. Randy serves on the board of directors and the Housing Committee for the In Community, a local disability organization. Randy also attends public forums on housing and transportation issues for people with disabilities. He also has worked for the Champlain Spinal Cord Solutions Alliance to highlight the need for cost effective investments in community based attendant Services and respiratory supports.
She sung in blindness
The researchers from the the Murdoch University, Australia, have applied Second Generation, high-throughput sequencing to identify the plant and animal composition of 28 TCM samples (see Fig.). These TCM samples had been seized by Australian Customs and Border Protection Service at airports and seaports across Australia, because they contravened Australia’s international wildlife trade laws (Part 13A EPBC Act 1999).
i don't mean to paint a picture that i was any kind of runway model before i had a baby. and whether i was or wasn't is not the issue. it's more about things changing from how i have always known them to be. i've never been big on change. so having been accustomed to so many things about myself and seeing them change whether i wanted them to or not was/is not always easy. there have been times i did not feel like myself... not comfortable in my own skin. and i'm just now getting around to being used to the new me.
I've been asked several times, how do I get my digitals to be so detailed and clean?
Multiplying in a column M by F do we get one or two as a result? May the body stay glued to the soul, may the soul fear the body. Do I ask too much? I only wish the crucible of tenderness would melt memories, and I would sleep, my cheek
Said, I confess, in much the same way as "I have an inoperable brain tumor," or "My ability to think has just been wished away by a vengeful fairy godmother and I'm going to spend the rest of my life camped in Centrelink."
Hell yeah, shark films rule! They manage to all at once be horrendously disappointing (mainly just on the basis that they are not Jaws, except for Jaws which is obviously Jaws) and being unbelievably exciting and satisfying simply because, irrespective of all else, they’ve got great big sharks eating stuff in them. I bloody love them. Stay tuned for my further adventures beneath the sea and in the depths of my DVD collection where I will explore such important issues as; what happens when you cross a shark with an octopus and can you actually fit sharks in Venetian canals.
An unfiltered warmer. Interesting. Pours the appropriate reddish amber, with a nice tan head that gets pillowy before receding. The unfiltered appearance is nice.
Mind you, I am not a faster, per say. Not that I don't like it, but I just never have been a faster. So, this year I needed some prayers answered, and the word says that these things come by prayer and fasting.
*Please note, I don’t drink double-double, I think a double-double tastes like hot soda. Just a splash of milk for me, please.
Do the words 'Birkeland', 'Hemnes' and 'Malm' get you quivering with excitement? They do me. Does the sight of an allen-key make your heart race? Me too. I am obsessed with IKEA. Love it, love it, love it to bits! I could spend several blissful hours in that Swedish Design Heaven. Hell, if I had my way, I'd pack up the kids and hubby and just move in. Everything so perfectly co-ordinated, the smell of the birch, all those wicker baskets and blissful storage solutions that hide a multitude of domestic sins (ie: crap).
Since the trailer already gave away a key revealing plot-point (bad trailer! bad trailer!)--well, actually it gave away the “inciting incident” that kicks off the action—so will I. “The Descendants” is about a cuckolded husband, Matt King (George Clooney). It’s ALL about that. Except his wife is in a coma when he finds out. My fellow-screenwriting buddy insists that there is no arc for Matt, but I think there is. (Writer/director Alexander Payne does not have huge arcs for his characters, much like life. They tend to budge just a little bit.) Clooney’s character must choose how he will now FEEL about his wife (he can’t DEAL with her), and how he will DEAL with her lover. It’s a story of the choices surrounding FORGIVENESS. Who will we forgive? When? How? Why?
Q: What is the significance of Arghya (offering water to the sun)?
1/4 cup lime juice
However, a double murder which took place this week will be somewhat more difficult to hide, as the victims were a little more high profile. Leon and Hetta Steyn were a well known couple who ran a popular and award winning restaurant and guest house near Sabie, a small country town nestled in the majestic Drakensberg escarpment mountains of the Mpumalanga province. Their Restaurant, The Artist's café, is located in a refurbished abandoned railway station dating back to the 1920's and appears in many of the top tourist guides to South Africa
Not really. I do have to work to a certain size so the images can be scanned. But as far as materials are concerned I have free rein to work however I want.
Mommy (my favorite word of them all)
By now, Iron & Wine's Sam Beam has definitively left behind the intimate, guy-and-a-guitar acoustic folk that once defined his style. The process begun on 2007's The Shepherd's Dog has been completed on Kiss Each Other Clean, as Beam further refines and experiments with his newly fleshed-out, ambitious full-band arrangements and poppier flourishes. Opener "Walking Far From Home" ushers the album in on a bed of low, gurgling feedback with Beam's processed voice crooning mostly on its own at first, before being joined by ooh-ing background singers and increasingly dense accompaniment of keyboards and guitars. On "Monkeys Uptown," Beam channels Paul Simon, with rubbery bass, distorted guitar twangs and percolating rhythms. The richness and warmth of the production emphasizes all the fine detailing of the arrangement. Beam seems to be reveling in defying expectations, building songs that twist and turn in unexpected ways without ever losing their accessibility and instant pop appeal. The highlights are numerous, but the standout tracks are the sing-songy, ambiguously sinister "Rabbit Will Run" and the exuberant 7-minute closer "Your Fake Name Is Good Enough For Me," which blends Afrobeat horns with a stuttery rhythmic guitar for a joyful, epic sound. Beam's experimentation doesn't always pay off, as missteps like the awkward "Big Burned Hand" prove, but it's rare that he falters. A couple of lesser cuts aside, this is an album of sophisticated, compelling pop-folk. [buy]
People that aren’t in healthcare always expect that we are being paid so great and that they expect the best care in the world.
And with soft deceitful wiles.
Big brother Dalu looks at her as if he is thinking, "What is this- some new kind of chihuahua?". He gave her a good sniff and then more or less proceeded to ignore her. He does look very concerned when she starts bawling in the middle of the night.
Video of Levin's initial presentation--though not the Q&A/discussion--is below.
The new Arab anti-Zionism contained classic anti-Semitic policies, as demonstrated by the "Statute of the Jews" that could be compared to the Vichy Statute of the Jews, except that it developed over a long time, in a huge geographical area, and at different periods. Jews were accused of being coresponsible with Israel for the war that the Arab states declared against the new state and then lost. Regardless of their ideological affiliation - communist, nationalist, Zionist, religious, and so on - they were subjected to special laws specifically aimed at Jews. They were expelled from all Arab-Muslim countries because a collective responsibility was imputed to them. This is typical anti-Semitic reasoning.
1012 **D-III/4/1988. “Politics and Piety in Plutarch’s Numa Pompilius.” First Friday Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1993(2), above, pp. 13-31.)
4 large carrots peeled and cut into large sections (about 4 per carrot)
In heave the rockers rotate in different directions, both blades move down and the increasing gap between their ends is taken up by the drop link. So the blades do not flex and do not contribute to heave stiffness.
Sesame oil - 1 tbsp
The feeling of my face freezing the moment I walk outside will probably soon be replaced by unavoidable sweat from humidity, which is much better in my opinion. The feelings and memories of a very trialing time could soon be replaced by assured peace and new beginnings. What the new beginnings are is only known by God. In this great adventure we call life, we never know tomorrow. All I know is that the first day of the rest of my life begins now.
The 6" layer was devil's food with a chocolate mousse filling. The 8" was strawberry.
Sugar Free
Tomatoes: Garden Freebie
The clouds held shapes, both fair and bad.
From Hempenstein, an old college pal of mine, who recommends Mclelland’s Islay as “very smooth and an exceptional value”:
blinding them both
2. Write a poem about what you would like to be famous for.
Riddle Question: What building has the most stories?
-Preparing for bomeownership
SO. I did what any respectable possibly dying person would do, and Googled it.
Talking about marijuana, I've only broken the law a few times in my life. And on every single occasion I've been fined for petty transgressions. Once, when I still used to commute to West Hampstead I sat in the first class carriage on the overground, although I had a standard economy travel card. At the next stop an inspector got on and asked me to show him my ticket. I thought of pretending not to understand English, but I had a copy of The Guardian (the old version) sprawled on my lap.
At this point in our history, one good thing for our American economy is that jobs that involve effective ways of marketing to Americans, is still something we are the leaders in, but that is changing faster than we would like. This country was built on the inventiveness and ingenuity that our democracy encourages, but as we are effective in spreading democracy and capitalism throughout the world, so will our abilities to create. Some of the richest people in the world are now coming out of former and current communist ruled countries. These people were bottled up for years and now they are exploding everywhere. They are now owning our sports teams, media outlets and lending obscene amounts of money to our COUNTRY for that matter, because of THEIR inventiveness and creativity!
Until the feast appeared, and Shacklebolt
He began the 2000-01 season with the Manitoba Moose in the IHL, where he recorded a 23-13-7-1 mark prior to being traded in mid March to the Pittsburgh Penguins by the San Jose Sharks, who had acquired Hedberg's rights from the Flyers back in 1998 and were loaded with goaltending in their system the likes of Evgeni Nabokov, Miikka Kiprusoff and Vesa Toskala.
Okay? He waited for the punchline.
If this is not a place - Ken Medema
Disputed Texts
And even though there is a lot of journalling there, it still doesn't express all of the feelings I feel.
Three books so far. One rests in a drawer. A thriller, Mothers Don't Die. One is being sent out somewhat sporadically. Standing Stones introduces the MacDonnell clan during the Scottish Industrial Revolution. The current work in progress, Years of Stone, set in Tasmania mid 19th Century, steams right along.
11. Hans Rainer Jr. - Abendglocken
7. Make a shopping list
Paper: Watercolor paper, Tempting Turquoise
there is love making and revelry
WESTONAREA: Four teenagers threatened with knifes, assaulted and robbed. Police not interested in case.
Turmeric powder – ¼ teaspoon
It's so quiet!
“Wednesday turned out to be unusual (not that the other days weren’t). We did our
"Just Crack, Cook & Twist"
In the afternoon we'll be teaching 2 swapping sessions, the first will be taught by Colleen and is a project using canvas, paint and copic inks. And the second session is mine and will be featuring hand dying silks.
An anonymous internet email source we have yet to identify writes, ‘If you post anything risque or otherwise useful to the media or the cops on MySpace, it’s a sure thing to come back to get you later. We have so much evidence on this now, it isn’t funny. The information you display on MySpace is no way as secure as on other sites’.
Hubby: Okay, I'll read you the questions and you answer them using the scale 1: not at all like me to 5: extremely like me. Ready?
And there is always time for change.
So many people take the time to make us feel special, don't they? They comment on our blogs, re-tweet our posts, chat with us on forums and wish us Happy Birthday on Facebook.
Perfume or Body Splash?
According to the opinion by Circuit Judge Barry,
“The United States is in a state of undeclared War by this Marxist system” per Yuri Bezmenov!
If you have mild hypertension (diastolic – lower number – of 90 to 110 mmHg) your risk of a stroke over the next 5 years is 15 chances of every 1000 untreated patients (or 1.5 in a 100).1
I hope you had a good weekend.
Comics
Hong Kong can be a really crazy place to visit (as well as live) and sometimes the crowds and general pandemonium can get to you. What most people who visit HK don’t know is that the city has a number of lovely and almost tranquil plaves where you can take some time out from the city. Here are a few of my favourite city escapes:
In my mind I saw the stream winding down these mountains, leaving Yugiri, to be pulled into a river. I saw the prayers steam off the water in the morning sun as the river flowed through the rainforest, past a tiger and a mouse-deer drinking from it, past Malay kampongs and aboriginal longhouses and Chinese squatter settlements. I saw a farmer in his paddy field by the river's edge uncrook his back and gaze upwards to the sky, feeling a cool breeze on his face and a long moment of unexplained contentment.
“Yes, Annabella. I’m interested in the answer to that question myself.” Grey stood, watching her with his icy blue eyes as he interjected himself back into the conversation. If she had thought she had a chance of putting the aunts off, she was certain she stood no such possibility with his grace.
I'm not missing any body parts....Someone else came kinda close though...
Quick side note: I am waiting until PayPal verifies the account before I can accept donations. Kudos to The Angry Lurker for his as-of-yet-unregistered donation!
Direct. V. Do not flatter one another from a foolish love.(33 ) Neither meanly critise one another. Do all in true, Godly love. Some are so blinded to the faults of husband, wife or child that they do not see the sin and wickedness in them. They are deluded concerning their eternal souls. This is the same as it is with self­ loving sinners and their own souls, willfully deceiving themselves to their damnation. This flattering of yourselves or others, is but the devil’s charm to keep you from effectual repentance and salvation. On the other hand, some cannot speak to one another of their faults, without such bitterness, or contempt, which will cause them to refuse the medicine that could save them. If the everyday warnings you make to strangers must all be offered in love, much more between the husband and wife.
Two new camp residents are men who are suffering from terminal cancer and sold their belongs to help pay for the medical care when their health-insurance stopped paying for their care. One man was a well-known Krugersdorp businessman who lived in the 'wealthier' part of town. With his illness he also fell into poverty. He's too ill to work and tries to survive on handouts. Once a month he gets chemo-treatment at a public hospital.There's also an Indian woman who was kicked out of her community because she became a Christian. And in one corner of the camp a group of black squatters was taken in 'for political reasons': after they moved in, the Krugersdorp municipality stopped harassing the Afrikaners.
This photo was taken at the Minter Gardens near Chilliwack, B.C.
This could be a good way to use the equity in your property. The Sales Market across the country continues to struggle whilst most specialist property management companies are experiencing steady growth.
Tremors
The one time I've hit this loop in summer it took me 2:41, so I think it is safe to say that conditions up there right now are about as perfect as they could possibly be for this time of year. With sufficient acclimation I think Wednesday's conditions were capable of being even faster than a typical summer trip. All in all, this outing was certainly a gift considering the throngs of crowds that these peaks are known for in the summer (I briefly saw only two other parties yesterday)--not to mention the fact that I spent the vast balance of my summer in 2011 sitting on my duff with a broken leg and have plenty of catching up to do when it comes to high country summits.
Of course I knew it all along. I mean how could I or should I beat out a young woman who writes a very touching piece- "When Brooklyn Was Mine"- about growing up with her immigrant parents in Fort Greene struggling to survive, struggling to create an identity for herself I mean after all is this or is this not what Brooklyn is all about- tough struggling immigrant working class Brooklyn suddenly overun by insensitive yuppies and preppies and old white hippies-- like me?--
Mountain Biking Tour in Ladakh: If you are a biking enthusiast, then you would definitely choose this mountain biking tour above everything else. You will be well oriented with the most famous passes such as the Baralacha La, Rohtang, Lachalangla and the very high Tanglangla. The tour begins in New Delhi and you will be assisted with a lot of expert travel guides.
At this point this symptom of “NCLB” is STILL screaming at me, chanting you guessed it. WHORE!
Jelavic (23)
The sound of hooves pounding up Gravel Cart Road pulled the farmer out of his motionless stance. He reached the front door in two seconds and looked out to see Eli MacKennon, Jake’s striking nephew, slide down a dark colt’s back before the animal had skidded to a complete halt. The horse playfully reared up several times and spun sideways. He then lowered his massive head and bumped affectionately against the young man’s chest. Eli gently fondled the colt’s soft lips and simply pointed to the barn, where White Hand was attending to the other horses. The smoky-black equine with two white rear socks and a star, cantered away without hesitation—such was Cousin Eli’s exceptional gift with horses. Jake knew for sure that Ravenwood had never been ridden before that very day.
EOH: There’s nothing in the 80 page report that shows that you or your husband received any financial benefit from this meeting.
- She loves to sing and have songs sung to her. She sings Twinkle Twinkle, and knows some of the words of the Eensy Weensy Spider and Popcorn Popping along with all the motions. She also can fill in some letters here and there in the ABC song. She loves Jesus Wants me for a Sunbeam (Sun Beep according to her). She has her own version of the Wheels on the Bus with made up verses with actions about different family members. She sings her own made up songs off and on during the day too.
Grunebaum A, Minkoff H, Blake D. Pregnancy among obstetricians: a comparison of births before, during, and after residency. Am J Obstet Gynecol 1987; 157: 79-83.
Second shelf: Seasonal items in tubs: Snow, birthdays, swim, and crafts.
"Motherhood isn't soft and cozy and sweet; it's selfish ferocity, red in tooth and claw."
A Rough Shoot may have been written in haste for a cheque, but it's that very haste which lends the novel(la) its frantic pace. The story barrels along in a giddying fashion, barely pausing from incident to incident and all culminating in a mad dash for London by road and rail. But Household still finds time to paint a vivid picture of postwar English rural life. The author's persistent theme of the wild countryside as a place of refuge, so memorably depicted in Rogue Male when the anonymous hero-narrator – later named Raymond Ingelram – goes to ground in his burrow in Dorset, is evident here too: Taine clearly views his shoot as his haven – and woe betide anyone who disturbs it. But Household also includes wonderful, fleeting vignettes of country living, with all its peculiarities and idiosyncracies. Early on Taine lunches "at a remote pub overlooking the Blackmoor Vale, where the landlord, who was a friend of mine, always had something solid to eat which food controllers had never heard of. On this occasion it was a badger ham, and very good it was."
Other upgrades include a Magnetic Stir Plate and other miscellaneous equipment for yeast storage and propogation. For 10 gallons of wort, you need a lot of yeast!! Just ask Mr. Malty!
Supposed to be good - but is it really?
Son: Dad, now I think I understand what politics is.
This review may have turned some people off of the show, but if you are still interested in this show for whatever reason, then please buy the DVD from your local DVD store. Not only the movies but the full 220 episode box set is available for purchase. Of course, if you’re a feminist and hate harem, avoid this show and if you really want to watch it, say for a feminist study on harem, then just watch it on TV.
I am entering a few giveaways tonight if you would like to tag along,grab a cup of tea,coffee or cocoa and lets go!
I’ve waited till an appropriate time-i.e. after Christmas, to review Brewdog’s most controversial beer to date. Now as every Marx Bros fan knows, there is no sanity clause, but Brewdog may have risked the ire of parents up and down the land with the title of this beer. Imagine your nine year old pops down the offy to stock up for his big night in with the lads and comes across this. You could be paying for their therapy for years.
I’m not an overly religious person. I don’t really even talk about religion and my personal beliefs or of my Christian walk on my blog. But today, I am. With good and just cause.
But looking, nonetheless.
Also I'm huge! I am 30.5in and 22.5lbs!
Did you ever say that as a kid?
Consumers can find naturopaths by contacting the American Association of Naturopathic Physicians (AANP) or logging on to their web site. Naturopaths recommended by the AANP have met requirements for state licensure and have taken a national exam that qualifies them to practice.
This report is the result of Canadean’s extensive market and company research covering the Germany foodservice industry. It provides detailed analysis of both historic and forecast industry values at channel level, analysis of the leading companies in the foodservice industry, and Germany’s business environment and landscape. The report tries to put the performance of the foodservice industry into perspective in one of Europe’s strongest performing economies.
Make a simple basting sauce of olive oil, wine, spices, and a little chicken broth or bouillon. Baste every 15 minutes until the last 45 minutes, then stop basting so the skin can get all nice and crispy. After cooking, let the chicken rest for about 10 minutes before carving. This is really good with rice and veggies and/or Caesar Salad.
To show their usefulness, at least in the case of S.U.C.C.E.S.S., the article provides the example of a Japanese immigrant who was unable to find work in Vancouver so S.U.C.C.E.S.S. helped her open a flower shop. But if she was unable to find work then why is she in Canada if there are no jobs for her here? How is her opening a flower shop beneficial to Canadians? How many jobs does that create and how many are well paying? How does it improve our standard of living? It contributes to economic activity but so does a crime wave. In any case economic activity does not equate quality of life.
I had suggested to them that the center focus operated more like darken/lighten center from color efex pro and it looks like thats what we’re seeing in the new update. I’m so pleased with the way this tool works now. I rarely used center focus before, but now I think I’ll be using it a lot more often now that there are a number of great presets and you have the ability to set the point of center focus. I think its got to be the best vignette tool on the iphone now because of how natural it looks.
There will be cynics who will suspect any projections issued by the Central Bank of Ireland on property prices. There are some who will claim that the Bank made itself a hostage to fortune in March 2011 when it used baseline and adverse scenarios for future property prices to assist with estimating the capital requirements of banks. And cynics might suggest it is in the Bank’s own interest to undershoot the adverse estimate in order to avoid additional calls on taxpayers’ funds to prop up the banks.
10:35 - Maryeta Ables Civil society and prohibition
Scenes from the Fair...
Sale was in many films in the 30s, including The Star Witness (1931), The Gentleman from Louisiana (1936) and You Only Live Once (1937). It will come as no surprise to learn that while in Hollywood, one of his best friends was Will Rogers. Sale died an unfortunate and untimely death of pneumonia in 1936.
Imagine an optometric practice, where the receptionist doesn’t know a thing about customer service, the salesperson doesn’t know anything about the products he/she is selling, and the lab person doesn’t have a clue about adjusting eyeglasses. What a mess would that be?
If you are worried about the game being too quick, simply print out 2 copies to make it last longer. My kids were happy to keep starting over, keeping track of who had won more rounds.
In an obvious attempt to inflict a symmetrical Climategate-style scandal on the skeptic community, someone representing himself as a Heartland Institute insider “leaked” internal documents for Heartland’s most recent board of directors meeting to a fringe environmental blog, along with a photocopy of a supposed Heartland “strategy memo” outlining a plan to disseminate a public school curriculum aimed at “dissuading teachers from teaching science.”
“…there’s actually very little here that falls in frame with the outsider’s view of Iceland’s music and this eccentric quintet most certainly does not look anything like elves (no disrespect to the elfin branch of Iceland’s music industry).”
However, I will be at the front of the line for those who advocate compassion and forgiveness for people who were born into a system that tortured them in unimaginable ways, and gave them not even a shred of hope to ever escape.
E: i would spend it on a new fancy nancy book
And tired. It's an understatement. Sometimes, you have to take a second to listen to what your body needs.
Highlights include: “Down By The Riverside”, “Old Time Religion” and “Washington & Lee Swing.”
We're gun-owners. We know who we are and what we're about. And that's why I have no trepidation about making this offer.
i'll see you around...
By Grade 8, students have developed the analytical reading skills to read, understand, and analyze both literary and informational texts. Additionally, these students successfully read and understand many different types of texts across subjects. Students should be able to determine what unfamiliar words mean based on how they are used. Students should also grasp how authors use language differently depending on their purpose and the literary genre.
Meanwhile, my husband amazes me with an attention to details that completely skip over my head.
Sex Offender Registry:
When the items we perfected over weeks, months, years are met with oohs and ahhs and smiles, there is no better feeling on earth. But sometimes our brilliant idea is...
Many people think that children need this and that… A ton of toys, clothes etc when really what kids need most is love, acceptance, support and encouragement from the people they love and look up to.
“Every time a policeman gets a look at me I can see the wheels starting to turn in his head. He’s positive that I’m on his ‘wanted’ list for at least three major crimes.”
“So, what do you think? With God on our side like this, how can we lose? If God didn’t hesitate to put everything on the line for us, embracing our condition and exposing himself to the worst by sending his own Son, is there anything else he wouldn’t gladly and freely do for us? And who would dare tangle with God by messing with one of God’s chosen? Who would dare even to point a finger? The One who died for us—who was raised to life for us!—is in the presence of God at this very moment sticking up for us. Do you think anyone is going to be able to drive a wedge between us and Christ’s love for us? There is no way! Not trouble, not hard times, not hatred, not hunger, not homelessness, not bullying threats, not backstabbing, not even the worst sins listed in Scripture … I’m absolutely convinced that nothing—nothing living or dead, angelic or demonic, today or tomorrow, high or low, thinkable or unthinkable—absolutely nothing can get between us and God’s love because of the way that Jesus our Master has embraced us.” Romans 8:31-39 The Message version
Most of my childhood memories center around our kitchen or the dinner table. My mom cooked a simple dinner every night, and until I was in high school, we always had dinner as a family. "Helping" my mom cook dinner every night was our chance to talk, just girl to girl. I got so much from that time.
Her broken sunglasses
San Francisco Fed President John Williams is quoted by Reuters as saying that the “worst is not over yet” for Europe. In an interview with a German financial paper he is also quoted as saying that if unemployment stays at 8% or higher than further QE, in the US, could be on the table. Without a significant selloff in the market the bar for QE gets raised. As usual Arthur Cashin was spot on in his letter last week. Without a selloff in the market the Fed is going to need cover to bring QE and establishing specific targets would help avert more talk of politicking by the Fed. That would make for better optics surrounding policy and the upcoming election. Lots of Fed speakers about this week. What other specific targets shall we see?
These concepts are relevant when talking about online and mobile interaction because the classic notions of time, space and place need to be adapted for the online and mobile world. One example of this is this advert on Oxford Street which is shown only to women.
Next week we play in Dan’s palace up in Bel Air above Mulholland Blvd, and the party will finally arrive at the Galactic Core and the planet Coruscant for more mayhem. Man, I think I have finally decided that I like this game! (the prequel movies, not so much).
A new day
Shawn Harmsen
(So much hating lately, my apologies)
Are you tired of the bad news on TV, your struggle with sin, your work situation or even the physical and emotional pain you may be experiencing?
I had picked my papers ahead of time from a My Mind's Eye paper pack in my stash and coordinated my coloring to match- much easier than coloring first, especially when one finds out the paper you have in mind is in storage-lol! I die cut some of the elements and used pre-cut pieces that came with the paper pack as accents. I felt like it needed a greeting tag hanging off the button/bow but I wasn't ready to commit to the sentiment until I had an intended recipient- I like to keep my options open for cards until I am ready to send them!
Old Speckled Hen England, Premium Bitter, 5.2%
So, Heavenly Father, we come to You, and we know deep down in our hearts that this does not describe us. I know it doesn’t describe me, and I’m ashamed at that. Lord, give us the strength to turn to You in suffering, not to lash out at those around us, or to be poisoned by depression or bitterness. Suffering produces faith. Perfect us in the image of Your Son.
And because the characters are written real, the relationships and fractures between them are delivered with the gravitas, humour and unpredictability of real life.
For those that never had experience with these critters, they can build nests in walls and you may find yourself covered with them while you sleep. They don't bite; they grab with their mandibles and sting like a wasp. The toxin is painful and can cause severe allergic reactions. At best, the sting leaves an irritating pistule. At worst, the result may be a trip to the hospital, or death.
Entry #49
If you have kids, this is a great thing to have on hand in the fridge for snack time. For one, all the ingredients are pronounceable, it isn’t full of processed sugars, and it will actually get them to eat more fruit. Or try veggies – Raw Salted Caramel is even good on celery, seriously!
Since I love paper so much and have been on a search for cute file folders for the past 7 years....I had just picked up some new cute ones at Michael's, 4 for $1 dollar and 3 for 1$ at Target Dollar Spot. I've been thinking about a command center for a little while. I have a couple of projects in process for this in our household, so you will have to get by with just a few pictures of what I completed tonight. I'll post more when I finish the rest of the project. So, I went around my house and gathered everything that I thought could work for a command center like what Toni at abowlfulloflemons.blogspot.com made. Here were my options:
This is a big weekend for Gene. He turned three score a few days ago and on Sunday, he’s running the New York City Marathon. I called to wish him a Happy Birthday, but a phone call seemed too ordinary to celebrate such a momentous occasion.
For MUCH better pictures of the whole day, here are the blogs of all the attendees, who will have there own top picks from the event:)
I'm calling the doctor again tomorrow to see if there is anything he would suggest or he can do to speed things up. Ron is not suicidal but he recognizes that his anti-depressant is not doing enough. He sent his handgun home with Rex tonight. He said there's no telling what someone who descends into deep depression is capable of and what will happen if they reach that point of no return. Amy and I each tried to tell him how important it is to focus on finding even just one thing - no matter how small - to find joy in. He seems to be in a better frame of mind tonight.
the Light to see the next step ahead on the path!
But without you I give up
The pace of the program began accelerating once AgustaWestland acquired Bell’s stake last year. This has allowed a streamlining of the program, processes and financial aspects, reducing costs. AgustaWestland has established AgustaWestland Tiltrotor Co. in Arlington and is expanding its facilities and adding personnel, and expects the payroll to reach 150. Another 250 work on the program in Cascina Costa, Italy.
One wonders how a nation's intelligence resists the radio. Moreover, it does not resist. The radio is a faucet of foolishness. The only thing I can bear listening to is the sports reporting. The high-speed precision of the speakers. They are forbidden stupidity. Which exists only in the fact that some men are kicking a ball around a field and the whole world is excited by the fact.
At 46m (138 feet), the drill struck some soft stone and below that a think layer of oak. Then it struck some loose metal and a parchment on which the letters V and I were clearly seen.
11 Stang's Swang 3:07
Huston Street - 3.4 WAR = 2 points
am fully equipped to extinguish all the fiery darts of the devil and render all
“I urge, then, first of all, that requests, prayers, intercession and thanksgiving be made for everyone, for kings and all those in authority, that we may live peaceful and quiet lives in all godliness and holiness.” (NIV)
of how I feel about the surprise Birthday Dinner!
Media practitioners strongly rejected the draft law, maintaining that nothing less than independent self-regulation is acceptable to the profession.
107 Manic Street Preachers Roses In The Hospital (51 Funk Salute Mix)
Fyrinnae Bastet
I need to buy them in gallon containers rather than individual servings!
How much you need: The 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans suggest that 20 to 35 percent of your total daily calories should come from fat. Of that amount, less than 10 percent should come from saturated fat. For someone on a 2,000-calorie per day diet, that translates to 65 grams of unsaturated fats.
Wasserman-Schultz: check your facts!
A statement from AMISOM said Lt. Gen Gutti takes over from Major General Fred Mugisha during whose tenure, AMISOM forces helped drive the Al-Qaida-affiliated terror group, Al-Shabaab, from fixed positions in Mogadishu, ushering in the longest sustained period of relative peace that the Somali capital has had since the collapse of central government in 1991. His appointment comes at a time when AMISOM is expanding across the country having secured the capital.
And in the past that was often enough for me. I was just glad the hatred was gone. I was just glad the fire was out. I could bandage my own wounds. I could move on.
The centre itself is a fabulous mix of traditional old farmhouse, living community and religious retreat with its Yurt, Kiln, Lovers Lake, Labyrinth and Temple of Love. The welcome, and way we were instantly treat as part of their community was an example to us all.
"Our culture generally tends to put more emphasis on security rather than freedom," observes Ritchey. "Unschoolers tend to swing their lives more on the side of freedom than security-generally speaking."
Last night at work was one of my all time worst nights. I know I say that almost every week but I mean it this time. It made me think that it would be a good idea to give the jackasses out there that have no idea of how to act in a restaurant some hints.
But - easily the best part of my afternoon of shopping was the company. You see . . . as I was heading off to shop - I ran into the ever-delightful Patricia Shackelford. And she was totally game to take part in this completely rudder-less adventure.
I had a nice lie in, then I went for lunch with my daughter and LPF, who was very well behaved, sat in her high chair and entertained everyone with her giggles, bangings, and general carrying on! Then we went back to my daughter's and had a nice cuppa and a birthday chocolate cupcake. An afternoon of fun and frolic with LPF is the perfect birthday present!
I have an email packet that I can send you which further explains all of this information including pricing, a questionnaire and a contract. If you have any additional questions, please let me know, I am happy to help!
I remember giving birth to my daughter on the night of April 6, 2000. Just the night before I had written the following letter to her:
And what about the bit of philosophical dialog at the tea party:
My friends are much better people than this. The people I choose to surround myself with are supportive, considerate, trustworthy, honest and kind. My trainer for instance, a terrific person who has been crapped on several times in her life. Someone burglarized her barn, not just once, but twice! This woman doesn't have a palace, and works so hard for what she has. Why should she be the person to lose so much? I often ask God that question. His answer? He doesn't always give us what we WANT, but he ALWAYS gives us what we NEED. I don't know the how or the why of my trainer needing to be burglarized twice, but God has the plan, I need the faith to follow what his plan is for me and my friends. I do pray, and I include my trainer in my prayers.
So goodbye to Fool’s Day. Here’s remembering my favourite character the Fool giving the audience my favourite quote in my favourite Shakespeare play, King Lear:
You know there’s a problem when the most enjoyable part of the episode wasn’t actually intended to be funny, and the rest of the episode was just an excuse to shoe-horn some really shitty and clichéd attempts at comedy and fanservice. From this point on, feel free to just simply expect this.
That decision only made a difference once, when my attendance at early morning religious classes (called seminary) was low and my bishop tried to encourage me to attend more often. He pointed out that to get into BYU, you had to pass seminary. I smiled, explained that I wasn't interested in BYU anyway, and he let the matter drop. I still went to seminary from time to time, but never enough to pass. I wish now that I'd attended more often. I wonder: if BYU allowed beards, would the bishop's attempt to encourage me have carried more weight?
maar de week daarvoor hadden we mooi zonnig weer,
Thy home is high in heaven,
Summer Rains
Did you like this post? Please click the Google +1 box, below.
The Times reports: ” Sir Michael Wood, the former top legal adviser at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, has been given permission from the Attorney-General to break with protocol and disclose advice given to ministers in the build-up to the Iraq war.”
WAIT! HALT! There I go with the pommy stuff again! No more, I promise.
It will be a little quilt - 11.5"x15". I will post one block pattern a day for 6 days (a couple of days will have more than one block made). Then sewing the blocks together and adding the border. There will be an optional appliqué, and I will also have ideas for machine quilting. It should take about a week. The pieces are small, scraps will work, maybe a fat quarter, or large scrap for the border and binding.
Kazushi Ono and his orchestra did a very good job without ever being really great. It went crescendo and while I appreciated Kazushi's care for preservation of the 3D texture of the sound, I noted several problems with superposition of various parts of the orchestra in the first act. It all sounded very good in the second act and eventually was magnificent in the third act.
“Eighty guineas per visit,” replied the Doctor……((for it was in The Victorian days of yore))
I finished the first phase of revising Dragon a week or so ago, but now I have the second phase ahead of me. This is the part that requires creative energy on my part, fleshing out sections, rewording sentences, building in details, and so forth. I’m ready to get started, but the problem is time.
and "The Girl Next Door," "Elephant," "The Man in the Iron Mask," "Absolute Force," "Texasville," "In the Shadow of Kilimanjaro," "Rollercoaster," "The White Dawn," "Love and Pain and the Whole Damn Thing" and "Johnny Got His Gun."
And it has fucking opera music to boot! Holy shit it’s a good thing that this was left until the end because nothing would have been able to top it! It is just so goddamn stupid, another league above ‘singing saving the world’ or any bullshit like that. Nothing, nothing I write here will do justice to just how absurd and stupid that goddamn ballet dance is. Bravo writers. Bravo.
This painting, "From the Bluffs" was juried into a Southern California Plein Air Painters Exhibit. Here's the info:
But as we all know when your over a size 9 people assume your out of shape and lack any physical activity, which is very false .
Then yesterday I participated in a local 5K run. I had planned to do the “jog a little bit, then mostly walk, then repeat” that I had read about and that I thought my fellow Optifaster had done in Disneyland. But I actually jogged about 65-70% of the trail (amazingly for me) because I was doing OK and also due to peer pressure, since everyone else was jogging. And I had lots of people slimmer than me and younger than me behind me. So I was thinking, wow, I’m pretty good! Although of course it was only 3 miles and a half marathon is 15.
Soon enough the primetime news started airing. News about banning women OFWs in the Middle East have raised debates and eyebrows among women all over the world. I remembered a column I once read in Philippine Daily Inquirer written by my friend JAMILA MILLAR where she described how surreal the lives of women OFWs in the Middle East are especially since she had been there for a few years with her mother. This issue was also featured in Kapuso Mo, Jessica Soho where, as I recall, IRISH DOTILLOS works as a production assistant.
Disney and Arsenal have been in quite close contact recently judging by reports in this morning’s Daily Telegraph. The newspaper some of you will recall introduced Fantasy Football to the wider footballing public and it seems they are intent on playing this game in full view of the readership. “Described as between £50m and £100m” could apply to anything that has been said over recent days. The AST, Mirror and other websites have mentioned the lower of those two figures; Steve Stammers’ Sunday Mirror column mentioned £57m which can be indeed be described as between £50m and £100m.
And finally, do you have any advice to give any up and coming or aspiring DJs?
Many students in my recent Create Characters That Last! class asked me about introducing a main character in the first scene of the book and what was required to make the intro powerful.
Who would you want to meet?
The grain bill, if you're interested, is malted barley, raw barley and maize - don't know what the hops are but I'm taking a punt they are Saaz, as that's what's used in the original - and provided they haven't gone overboard with the maize it could be a good start.
So for 2012, I’m doing it again. Yes, I did order components for 4 albums. One of those sets will be my 2012 album. The other 3 are for the extra pictures that I still have in a box. If I can get them in albums and then add the journaling I will actually be caught up on scrapbooking. That would never happen with the way I use to scrapbook.
Each breath stunted
That the GMC and other medical licensing authorities are not doing anything about torturing patients tells you a lot about the power of the CDC and the CBT psychiatrists.
Then when the answers have been checked they go onto our computer program, Insight, that throws out the questions in random order.
Anyway, with the dispute between “scone” and “scone” resolved conclusively in favour of “scone” I am satisfied that the next time I write to the BBC demanding that they sack a presenter for saying “scone” then my complaint will be taken rather more seriously.
Thailand is one of the top vacation spots for this. But there's also the north alabama vacation spots of having your very own liking. I particularly enjoying sitting back around the north alabama vacation spots a villa on your own kitchen. You never have to worry about proximity to theme parks and a downstairs wetroom style shower. There is just enough space to yourself also makes it possible to spend your upcoming Rhodes holidays 2010 with your family, friends or family members. And having a large number of Disney condos offer all of them, the first 5 Gigabyte.
3. Normal “hot” April, not Megan Fox April
Antwon Murray: On my recruiting trip it felt like home. They were a close nit group and the coaching staff was a great group of coaches. They were genuine straight forward guys who had your best interest at heart.
Timestamp: 2008-12-01 04:14:54 UTC
Walking again in the evening, north to south, west side the sea, I came across a collection of line quartz which someone had gathered from the beach the previous day and left in the littoral zone, it was still there even after the tides had been and gone. I moved them about to form a heart shape; an offering to the sea, to nature, to life, to the universal love.
29. “With Love” by Elbow
Supplies not listed above:
The second one was right on cue and sounded almost like an automatic response, along the lines of saying "bless you" when someone sneezes.
This book looks so cute I had to bypass several others just so I can read it. It lives out to this cuteness until about halfway through, and then I thought - hmm, I could have survived not reading it as quickly as I did.
2-04 Brian Eno & J. Peter Schwalm - Little Lights 4:34
Meanwhile, Share-a-Bike is a wonderful program begun in 1994 that refurbishes used bike and donates them to the homeless, new immigrants, and the underprivileged here in Greater Lansing. The need for donated bicycles is definitely there. As Dick Janson explained to me, more than 600 bicycles have been given to those in need in each of the past three years and many more could have been if there had been more donations.
Vancouver is less than 10 miles from downtown Portland. We’ll save our experiences there for another day. It is no wonder Lewis and Clark were inspired by this region more than 200 years ago.
2. sauté peaches, add salt
But there is no time,
It should be noted that Proton has denied recent reports speculating that it might be looking at selling a stake in Group Lotus, which was in the midst of a five-year turnaround exercise.
Dinner: Campbell’s Beef Noodle Soup (140 calories), Breyer French Vanilla Ice cream (140 calories)
So, I'll just keep breathing...for now, anyway...
6. Ambush Moon: J.R. Roberts
A second team would operate the big gun thing…and a third team, if necessary, would hold off any attempts to recapture the emplacement just long enough for me to swivel the weapon round and take out the House of Commons.
For her birthday I dipped 5 plastic spoons in different chocolates for a treat. I wrapped each one in plastic treat bags. Instead of tying them each with a ribbon she won’t see, I tied each one with a fuzzy pipe cleaner taking care to tuck the sharp ends away. Giving her something familiar with something she can taste and feel is comforting and exciting.
The shoot didn't quite turn out as I had envisioned, but due to a certain little non-napping girl I think we did okay.
Perhaps they are not telling the truth - tax has to be paid by 31st Jan, but the PLR payment doesn't come through until February. But let's assume they are, since we should take people at their word unless we have good reason not to. (Probably all the disasters in my life stem from that naive principle - no matter.)
With Doomsday looming ahead, most days I managed to carve out some writing time. I had a self-imposed deadline to meet, with dead being the operative word. Fifty, sheesh. D-Day crept closer and closer, and Godzilla eschewed orthotics.
4. Lets talk Bff’s….Mallory is hands down a terrific friend to Merit, the girls relationship is real, down to earth and fun….not to mention hysterical. What is your favorite memory or favorite thing to do with your bff? Feel free to share pics!
December 2 -- January 20, 2007
103. We generally change ourselves for one of two reasons: inspiration or desperation.” – Jim Rohn
If, however, you are troubled about the power of sin, and about the tendencies of your nature, as you well may be, here is a promise for you. Have faith in it, for it stands in that covenant of grace which is ordered in all things and sure. God, who cannot lie, has said in Ezekiel 36:26:
and pneumonia on my feet
Toss together spinach, Apple Sage Sausage, pumpkin seeds, pomegranate, and squash. Plate and drizzle with balsamic reduction.
Total weight gain/loss: I have no access to a scale at the moment and no desire to step on one.
You see,he had the annoying habit of being an early riser,and then ensuring his neighbours followed suit.How?
We finally bit the bullet and bought a "real" smoker. I had bought my hubby a smoker for Christmas, and we spent a month smoking with it every weekend. The chickens were fantastic, BUT trying to keep a cheap charcoal smoker at temperature was a Pain in the a**. We were frustrated every weekend and had to do the last 20-30 minutes in the oven.
Because in that time I really miss you.
So, until my next adventure, whatever that may be and wherever it may take me…
- Foreigners who violate the terms of their visa may be sentenced to up to six years in prison (Articles 119, 120 and 121). Foreigners who misrepresent the terms of their visa while in Mexico — such as working with out a permit — can also be imprisoned.
We also see a large “scalar square” (possibly caused by ISR — incoherent scatter RADAR)
I would not hesitate to refer people looking for a reading to you ~ Paul P
By Mari Carr
Two fabulous fathers posing as baseball coaches saw me near the playground. I suppose the look of abject terror clued them in. “You lose somebody? We’re on it.” Cell phones clicked open and pickup trucks moved out to canvas the grounds. God love a small town where everyone knows everyone.
Hands that can grasp, eyes
Chantilly lace meets rock ‘n’ roll for Ashleigh and Kristopher’s Sacramento area wedding. The bride has always loved all things pink and girly but doesn’t want to overpower her husband-to-be who loves rock and roll with too many frills and bows, so their wedding décor has to have its fair share of hard-edged design elements as well.
2010.08.05 Afghanistan Kunduz 7 13 A Fedayeen suicide bomber murders seven local police.
I heard about The SCAR Project through a post made on the Young Survival Coalition online survivor forums. David Jay put a call out for breast cancer survivors willing to travel to NYC to be photographed. I was intrigued but hesitant. I kept wondering if I would really want to or be able to show my scars to strangers, and expose myself like that. But after I emailed another young woman who had already participated and she urged me to go for it, I was excited to make the trek!
as memory struggles with realization
Rinse and Repeat: “I thought you already ran ‘your’ marathon, why would you train to do it again?” I have no idea, but I can’t help myself. You’d think after 2 of our own kids, fostering, and what not, we’d have it out of our system by now, but noooo, we wanted one more.
Sometimes I just need to stop making minis for a while and enjoy a bit of crafting for myself. The Green Fairy has inspired these two accessories:
This is just my method and it has served me well. To the one who asked the question, I hope I answered it. I hope you find the way that works for you. Cliche: we all have to go through it. You can’t avoid it. So ride it, don’t fight it. Minimize the damage and then rebuild.
It did suck
One of the friends is one that I have known since high school. For a few years we were inseparable. Her parents were like a second set of parents to me. We grow apart our senior year….which sucks now but we were both immature about things and our friendship ended. I am sorry that it ended but I know that’s part of life.
I know that I am getting better at looking at the big picture and basing my willingness to change on that, rather than a knee jerk immediate rebuff and steadfast resistance... is it wisdom, is it an eagerness to stretch and gather in all the experiences this life has to offer, even if that means stepping out into the unknown?
I had a request for this Matt Dennis LP, which I am particularly happy to provide at this time because it contains two seasonal songs.
OH and remember i asked your advice on "Bag Decisions"? - well i was THIIIIS close on clicking 'confirm' on a large Chloe Paraty bag yesterday - but i somehow got myself to click the "X" on the top of the screen - WHY? - well with research i found the CC Skye Onie bag in the color taupe! - i'm thinking it will be PERFECT - it hasn't be 'released' yet, so i'm in contact with the buyer to get the 411's - and i think THAT will be my new bag! - and will save me a TON of $$$!!!
We have been in full prep mode for Pooh Bear. I had my second shower last Saturday thrown by my sweet friends at work, where I haven't actually worked since February, and we received so many thoughtful gifts. They are a group of incredibly kind and generous ladies and it was so great seeing everyone and celebrating the upcoming arrival of our girl!
You have to have the courage to take the step forward and leave behind the forces that may pull you down!
Sign up to follow my blog and leave me a comment telling me something you like about my blog and something you would like to see more of!
My frame is always round, wooden, light one, and last time I counted I had it in five different sizes. I always lose my scissors during big works, and I keep on looking for that perfect needle.
Here's the trailer:
sprinkles optional
And now it's a great spot for riding. I got a small group of friends together yesterday and did a 30-mile loop through Chileno Valley and back along Spring Hill. (And yes, the hills are just as bad -- if not slightly worse -- on a bike. At one point, I really wanted to get off and walk, but I was worried that if I stopped, I'd topple over into the road and get hit by a car. So I just kept pedaling. And grunting. And pedaling.)
Outback Steakhouse starts fresh every day to create the flavors that our mates crave. Best known for grilled steaks, chicken and seafood, Outback also offers a wide variety of crisp salads and freshly made soups and sides. New creations and grilled classics are made from scratch daily using only the highest quality ingredients sourced from around the world. For more information, please visit www.outback.com or Outback on Facebook.
One might wonder if, thanks to this close alliance between filmmaker and subject, Harlan County U.S.A. might be left open to criticism that it presents an unfairly one-sided distortion of the strike situation. But any such criticism, in order to be effective, must be accompanied by evidence of some sort: accounts of important events that might have been left out of the record, or specific information that might put the material seen on screen in another context. I am not aware of any such rebuttal.
Very very lucky.
26And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it.
In one event so predictably difficult that we called it the Hartford Heartbreak 40 miler, we hit rain, snow, mud, and ice all in one morning. At mile 12 my mare refused to cross a river that swelled overnight to frightening heights for a pony, so I dismounted and entered the water to reassure her. For the next several miles, my cold wet breeches chafed my calves raw. The overnight rain also knocked down trail markers between miles 16 and 22, which meant most of us added an unnecessary loop to climb Heartbreak Hill TWICE.
Hugs all round
apathy bland
YOU will also be responsible for the results of that wait and see plan. I'd like to point out Katrina as a history lesson for those who wait and ignore warnings of trouble ahead.
I tried six or so bows and decided on the recurve you see in the image. I've got alot of practicing to do but I've got a knack for it I think. My goal for the next 3 months is to to be able to put 80-90% of my arrows into a 7" circle from a variety of ranges. Thus far I've been shooting from 13-18 yards but would like to have accuracy up to 30 - 40 yards. I'm initially just working on having good form and building up strength in all the muscles involved. My intent is to shoot 60 arrows a day though I expect it will be a month or so before I can do that everyday. I'll work up to it.
For the past six months James and I have spent a peaceful hour together on Saturday mornings at R.E.A.D. The weekly, hour-long class focuses on reading enrichment and development through movement, music, art, and creative play. I wish I had known about the program when Luz was little because I know she would have enjoyed it. James looks forward to Saturday mornings and I do too - not just for what it provides him - but because I like the one-on-one time together. At the end of each class the kids can check out a backpack that centers around a book(s) or a theme. Last week we had 10 Little Monkeys. This week we have a zoo themed backpack. The socialization and the learning that happens on Saturday mornings at R.E.A.D. are worth every penny of the cost. He might not know his colors, but he can sit still for and appreciate a good story. Let's see if this increases his chances of getting into our Nursery school choice next Fall...truly, nothing is automatic in the world of education these days.
If I'm not exactly transposed to another dimension of space I am definitely transposed to another time sitting there with my father in some steam bath cafeteria in the 1920s licking that plate of herring clean while my great uncle falls and nearly cracks his skull.
“It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas…”
Homeland Security and Border Patrol officers were following the 2001 Dodge Durango at the time because authorities suspected the passengers were illegal immigrants, according to the Casa Grande Police Department.
I decided I wanted to do something with my slightly hoardish collection of mirrors that I had gathered from various places the past year. Most of the mirrors were from thrift stores with the exception of one that I bought at a country auction in Arizona.
I’d prefer to have this pattern with a pencil skirt and without the front pleats. Those pleats seem to be a bit unnecessary considering you’ll have either a peplum or funny flaps hiding them, and I don’t think the bring much to the party, shape-wise.
Believe it or not, I am an optimist. I see the good in most things, I hope for the best, but I'm also not a blind idealist.
In perpetration I have been studying world building for hex crawls, initiative systems and more.
Hearts undoubtedly have a squad capable of finishing third this season. But then, they have a squad capable of that every season and don’t always manage to do it. The Romanov ride seems to be coming to an end and it just wouldn’t be fitting to end with a whimper. The off-field troubles have undoubtedly affected results on the pitch and will continue to do so until a takeover is achieved. Romanov may well need to asjust his ‘special offer’ of 50 million quid though. Perhaps a leaf out of Sports Direct or Soccer World’s book and take up to 70% off that price or pretend they’re closing down.
ignited, flamed by fiery passion
The UK's Dave TV station may need to think creatively about its brand, following OHIM's decision to reject its trade mark application for its key services on the grounds of earlier unregistered rights.
As is always the case, the result was announced immediately after the closing of the polling stations, at 8pm on a Sunday evening. I remember the faces of shock and surprise, and a moment of confusion before it became clear that Le Pen would continue into the second round of voting. People took to the streets to protest, but against what exactly was not entirely clear.
In May 2009 she dropped another $3,325,000, according to property records, to pick up a down-on-its-heels contemporary residence next door, since razed and replaced with terraced gardens and a small, gated parking pad.
The overview of the "Visitor" tab tells you the total number of visitors over a period of one month, however if you look closer there is so much more to see. Absolute Unique visitors are the total number of first time visits which are calculated as a percentage of the total. In the case of my hypothetical blog there are 733 visits (total) and 344 Unique; this equates to 41.4% new visits for the period. The visitor to this blog spent on average of 3.42 minutes on the site (reading) and 2.19 average page views. What this tells the Blogger is that their subject matter is interesting enough for the visitor to continue beyond the landing page. In this example there are 1608 total page views. The number that is the best indicator over time is the number of Unique Visitors because as that number increases (and bounce rate decreases) it tells the author that their blog is becoming increasingly more popular. If the average minutes on the site increases the bounce rate will decrease correspondingly.
“Rich in fascinating details about the art and culture of Paris, Hina’s debut novel is a terrific literary love letter to the City of Light . . . The writing itself is imbued with a stylish sense of wit.”
Inspiring and flavorful ingredients can turn a blah salad into something so much more. Olives and olive oil add a whole new taste dimension to your basic salad, not to mention the bonus of heart-health benefits they provide. Refreshing salads can answer cravings for fresh and more nutritious meals in the spring and summer. I LOVE salads, olives and olive oil, so I was so excited when the International Olive Council contacted me about posting about their new Add Some Life campaign!
America is the land of fat slobs, bar none. Sure, I’ve seen some major fashion faux pas here, but rarely would I think of the wearer as a slob, so much as just someone who failed at taking a fashion risk or just doesn’t really know what looks good on them. In America, people don’t even try.
Around October (beer festival season) the Germans like to broadcast Bavarian variety shows, with everyone dressed up in tracht, lots of beerkeller orchestras and singing of songs like "Jawohl, jawohl, ich liebe Alkohol".
I could see it coming, but I'm a Saggitarious! I always keep a glimmer of hope (proof is, I still think we still have a shot at La Liga :-)
She said, “If you are living in the space of an open heart you have a blessed life . . . There is no life without a spiritual life.” That is standard New Age / prosperity gospel messaging. She didn’t have one mention of the cross, sin, repentance, etc.
We here at SayHey watch it, so you don't have to. You should know the drill by now. Otherwise, do have at look at my previous Not-so-live-blogging events . Let me present to you, the most recent remake of the movie FAME!
Happy Bundt Day everyone! And yay to Mary the Librarian for surviving Year 3 of her Bundt marathons!
P.P.S. I'm CherieL over at the NaNoWriMo site, if you ever need a buddy. ;)
She loves to make high pitch squeals like she's talking.
The budget The daily list of every story planned for the day’s paper, which may change as the news does, delineating how much space each will get
But I guess at the end of the day nothing beats word of mouth for getting yourself a new job. And so, 6 months and 1 day later I am gainfully employed and it's in exactly what I want to build experience in. Life was so good yesterday and now it's even better.
Because of the diversity of denominations that we represent, we do not observe communion. However, during camp and when appropriate, we mimic the Salvation Army’s “Bread and Cup Service.” Because our members are visual and tactical learners, we often use practical applications to teach the weekly lesson. In preparing this lesson, I could think of no better illustration than to have a time where our members obeyed Jesus when He said, “Do this to remember me.”
Day 47 in my 100 day transformation.
The answer requires taking a further step back, and to acknowledge one of the powerful imperatives which direct human behaviour - the parental commitment to the development of the child, that all-pervasive contribution to the societal structure of the succeeding generation.
Not too low, but certainly not too high,
However, sometimes our instincts get driven undercover, become discoloured or influenced by other things that go on in our lives. I am going to go in to these concepts in more depth in my next few blogs but for now, a message from...who knows, but it came to me this morning.
Next, I am to blindfold myself and walk out on a freeway. Now, I wasn’t born yesterday. In fact, I was born 19,935 yesterdays ago, so I am not going to fall for this trick to try to eliminate me and my humble little blog from blogland. Also I have better uses for my blindfold which I will most likely be using in the coming days though going into detail about said blindfold use might make me appear more like Elizabeth Berkley in Showgirls rather than Grace Kelly in Rear Window, and I want to maintain a bit of class as I go about shining the spotlight on my Glitter E. Yaynus award.
Small bowl for collecting lemon juice
And it's been like this for 2 weeks. Everytime I look in the mirror I think, "This looks like shit." It's kind of depressing. I think it's time to take my baby-fine, flat, useless head of hair back to the old reliable, overpriced salon I usually frequent, and beg them to do something for me.
Guns, knives, brass knuckles & other weapons
Registration is not required; all are welcome.
BUT, there's the DH. And as long as there's the DH in the AL and not in the NL, the two leagues are not alike. As long as the DH separates the two leagues there will be arguments, drama, complaints, bragging, strategy … and these are some of the things that give baseball life and flavor.
With so many choices
Tag Heuer Watches Can Be the Best Fashion Accessory to Enhance Your Looks!
In 2005 I stood for the parliamentary seat of Barking against Labour’s sitting MP, Margaret Hodge and I received 17 % and achieved third place, only missing second place, which was taken by the Tories, by a mere 28 votes! This was and is still the highest nationalist vote for a parliamentary seat ever achieved in this country.
Austin faltered a bit, but once more, said, "No".
How about you? Which five nonfiction books would you want with you if you were doomed to spend a long time on a deserted island?
My body is sore today, and I am loving it. You know that feeling you get when you’ve pushed yourself hard but you know you are doing the right thing? That’s the way I’m feeling today. I am enjoying being pushed in new ways, it’s been awhile since I’ve pushed myself out of a comfort zone. But doing my three workouts so far this week – I know I’m on my way to a totally new adventure this summer and it’s exciting! And it’s also got me thinking about who I’ve become during this journey already.
And once instances occur that you simply won’t be able to pay the total from the time you announced, there are actually those businesses that may even offer you to flip the Loan. flip essentially implies you can expand the procedure of reimbursement of a particular a part of your entire mortgage for an additional pair thirty day period further more. While of course you have to pay particular interest charges so your flip is going to be thanks to. And you’ve got to make note of that the mortgage rates of payday advances usually are over the normal and normal lending options.
to fight the war with the satanic ghoul.
Every time I look at Kleenex, I review this part of my life and I think of crying at her bedside, telling her goodbye. And that’s one thing I’ll always have and never lose.
I’ve loved traditional music since I was a child. One of the themes of the book is what you pass down to the next generation. In an early draft, a character tells Josie that we can still hear the dead talk through the songs that are passed down through the ages. I believe that. I wanted a way to link the book into the voices of the people of the time.
Urine therapy is the use of one’s urine, internally or externally, to heal wounds or alleviate disease symptoms and/or for overall well-being. It is also called uropathy, auto-urine therapy, amaroli, or shivambu.
This increase in cotton acres is something most states expect this spring according to the USDA, estimating that only Kansas, Louisiana and Arkansas will see drops.
I wish my excitement for this show could back to the way it was in the first half of the season because “What We Have Is Worth The Pain” has it’s moments but the writing is too inconsistent at this point and it’s looking less and less likely that this show will deliver a satisfying conclusion to these chain of events or go further than this series.
All seniors, their families, caregivers and friends are invited to attend.
"You're good at recruiting. Bring the warforged to the winning side, where they can be with their brethren in arms."
The trial which has just ended was also notable for exposing the trauma of young people who witness murder. Stephen's friend Duwayne Brooks was quizzed about differences in his account in court and his original statement s to police. Mr Brooks - now a councillor - giving evidence just after the death of his father, explained that he had suffered post-traumatic stress disorder after Stephen's murder. From the BBC's court report:
I seek a woman of no flimsy construction who can tolerate the cyclone of death that my guitar will unleash upon her. Think about the scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark when the Holy Spirit (or whatever the hell that poorly rendered gaseous conglomerate was supposed to be) ravaged the Nazis by melting their flesh from their mortal bones. This is what my guitar playing does, except there is only vapor left, no bones. I cannot stress this enough: I will play guitar so fast the Earth will be rent asunder and armies of hellions will spew forth to wreak havoc upon the human population.
A few of our recent favorites:
This song, which was performed by The Carpenters, is one that celebrates singing. Clearly you don’t always hear happy songs but I must say those are my favorites.
Our online casino has all the slots are no different from the real slot machines. So that you can start playing for real money immediately after the registration. Every day we accrue FUN chips for the fact that you could play your favorite slot machines for free.
1 ha-olam
I had some fun making this I was thinking it would look lovely on my front door, but alas no. So I thought I would make another one when I get some pennies, this one however will not be waisted I am sure. I will be popping this into my folksy shop with any luck some one will love it LOTS enough to buy it ha ha so pop by later if you would like a nosey.
Students at an Arkansas junior high school this week were clearing the hall too slowly in the opinion of a police officer assigned to the school, so he did something mind-numbingly dumb: he pulled out his pepper spray and squirted it into the air. The result? Pandemonium, as screaming, gagging and vomiting students ran down the halls and out of the school. Three students were rushed to the emergency room and more than a dozen others were picked up by their parents because of difficulty breathing.
I cannot wait forever
The painting is almost finished. One of the downsides of my painting process is the wait while layers dry. However, it’s also a positive because it gives me time to experiment with the mixed media pieces I’ve been playing with.
moved he was. Without embarrassment, tears
264. Salad of Microgreens & Currants w/ Pirate’s Gold (Carambola, Scotch Bonnet, Indian Spices) Sauce @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 1:56 p.m.
The other part(s) included a Yakima roof rack, paddles, life vest, and other essentials no kayaker wants to be on the water without.
I did like one part of the book, which is mentioned in the very last sentence on the back of the book:
* Image - Mo Manning 'Hanging Stockings'
I used to make up this sort of malarky for chatty taxi-drivers (not the dwarf bit, obviously, it would have hurt my knees), but this postcard thing has opened up a WHOLE new avenue for me.
So Ireland's just an island? It's an island of the mind
I need to get the tiller going and get everything tilled under a couple times before planting time come around. I had the chickens in the garden to tear everything up and add a little fertilizer before I moved them back to the yard, but I will probably buy a little bit of manure and maybe some compost to add to soil. I should plant a cover crop, but I never get around to it.
Beatles Let it be UK
We may have been a bit annoying. We were directed to a side room we didn't fancy, so remained hovering in the main tea room. Directed to another table, we suddenly saw that a prime table by the window was being vacated, so swiftly nabbed that instead. Maybe this caused offence. We sat there... and sat there... then when we asked if we could order, a young woman dressed as a waitress informed us that it wasn't waitress service. You have to go to the counter and pay in advance. 'It's a bit like Russia,' Wendy muttered.
1.1. One question is our mind here in BigDogDotCom: Why was Selangor State Exco for Local Government Ronnie Liu was so frantic looking for Teoh’s notebook PC and handphone to a point where he broke the door at the Tuanku Ampuan Rahimah Hospital mortuary?
In the Second Reading of this past Sunday, we had the beautiful passage of John’s Gospel, “what we shall be has not yet been revealed. We do know that when it is revealed we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is (1 Jn 3:2).” We will see Him as He is — the only Savior of the world. That’s why it says in the Book of Revelation that in the end, “every eye will see Him — even of those who pierced Him.” This too is part of the bravery of the priest.
Thanks for all your comments on my last blog post and suggestions for my ginger syrup, what fantastic ideas!
in silent
I played for the rest of fourth and fifth grades and all though middle school. When I was eleven, it wasn't considered "cool" to be in the orchestra, and I hated carrying the ugly rental case back and forth every day. My parents bought me a violin case in seventh grade, but what I really wanted was a violin of my own. They said they wanted to wait to buy me one until they were sure I would keep playing.
the Institute of Philosophy and Galfisa
Well our fabulous spring weather is on it’s way out……..the low clouds, humidity and wind are back. Sigh, oh well it was nice whle it lasted. Time for summer to begin. The picture above was the sunrise yesterday morning, a fairly pretty one. I enjoy watching the sun come up on my drive.
- Students create math problems and narrate their thinking
Guest contributor, rap connoisseur and all around good dude Marc Lanza (@LanzDaddy) drops in to drop some knowledge. Check out his take on all the "Young Geezys":
What happens to your ability to concentrate when you're tired? Your driving skills? Any skills? They suffer. Willpower is no different. It takes practice to get good at it. Ever wonder why there's infinitely more advertisements for junk food at night rather than in the morning? Simple: people are tired after a full days work, so their willpower is more likely to falter. It's more effective to advertise crap food when peoples' guards are down. Try and recognize when this happens to you.
Stephen Lawhead is an internationally acclaimed author of mythic history and imaginative fiction. He was born in 1950, in Nebraska in the USA. His early life was lived in America where he earned a university degree in Fine Arts and attended theological seminary for two years.
The cost to the general public and industry will be enormous.
Another reason why we don't see men selling their wares in Speedos is--and let me know if I'm wrong about this--women are simply not that turned on by the perfect male form.
My godmother, Kimmie, asked how close Paul and I are to getting engaged. Truth? In about a year and a half, I would guess. She’s very excited about that, which is very nice.
In other words, Rheticus’ work on Copernicus wasn’t singled out by the Index—rather, all of his works were proscribed. And the Index says explicitly why Rheticus's works were there and, lo and behold, it had absolutely nothing to do with heliocentrism, but rather was due to his connection with Protestant scholars. Now it seems hard to believe that Bob didn’t read the last half of that sentence. So why did he choose to omit it in Galileo Was Wrong or in this most recent discussion with me? Why would he continue to give the reader the impression that the works of Rheticus were put on the index because of their Copernican ideas and then go on to accuse me of dishonesty in supposedly suppressing information from the reader?
- Inclusion and exclusion on the local level: citizenship ‘from below’?
It’s one of the very few genuinely funny anime comedy series, and it is so worth your time.
Me: Then that's some produce.
This is the recipe for the flag Jello that we have every year on the Fourth of July. It's also known as Seven Layer Jello Salad and is my Aunt Bev's recipe.
Yep, only 6 songs but it lasts 24 mins. So I know that when Phil Collins comes on I’m nearly done! I’ve gone for the beats in the music and how the lyrics make me feel rather than pure taste. I need the inspiration to carry on at the moment, but when running gets easier I’m hoping that I will beable to listen to anything and just keep on running…
“Junsu ah, for this part you’ll have your own scene.” our manager said.
It's basically the easiest outfit ever.
Susan: Do you like the snow?
Stressed out of mind.
Changkat Bukit Bintang, 17th March 2012 - Peteformation got an inviation to attend the biggest Guinness St. Patrick's Celebration in Asia. More than 10,000 (ten thousand) of revelers turned up to share 'the laughter side of life', the theme of the celebrations this year.............
I am part of that, and it makes me nauseous.
3 tablespoons prepared horseradish
"Blue Skies" Felt by MFT
I love to feed you,
Have a good week ahead.
This morning, I simply rinsed my face with hot water in the shower and then splashed it with cold (to shrink the pores), gently towel-dried, and applied just a smidge of my Aloette daytime moisturizer (it has SPF 15). I'm hoping to eventually not need any moisturizer at all but we will see. My face is super soft and glowy today. Will definitely keep you updated on my progress with this!
Although the Chinese accomplished their objective, it is important to consider the challenge that South Vietnam was faced with. The Vietnamese Navy only had four warships at their disposal compared to the eleven warships wielded by the Chinese, this excludes the reinforcements sent by the Chinese on the following days. When one looks at these numbers, it is obvious that the odds were not in favour of the Republic of Vietnam. The Vietnamese soldiers understood this, but were willing to fight nonetheless. The United States, who were no longer serving in Vietnam by this time, believed that the South should have quietly retreated while China advanced on the islands. This did not happen. Faced with the impossible task of fighting off the enormous state of China and at the same time dealing with the invaders from the North, the democratic South Vietnam did everything in their power to fight the opposing forces. The soldiers of South Vietnam courageously fought to the end, fully aware of the impossible odds.
The San Francisco event was Obama’s eighth in California in the past month, a sign of the Golden State’s continued importance in his bid for a second term.
Paper Piecing, Use some kind of paper piecing on your card or project this week. Stamp something and use some Designer Paper to piece an element of the stamp or paper piece your Background. In addition NO ribbon and only one embellishment is allowed.
bluetooth adapter for car The Dension car dock for iPhone is a custom designed cradle, which combined with the ‘Car Dock Mode’ app (available on the App Store) enables you to make the most of your iPhone on the move. Dension Car Dock turns your iPhone 4, 3GS or 3G into a control centre for all your in car communication and entertainment needs.
There has been many ways the no fly-lists has been categorized to show their power against terrorist threats and towards national and global security. Some of the ways no-fly lists has been characterized is by using as a key tool in the war of terror, as protecting citizens in their rights to mobility and free movement, as abetting terrorism in their own right, providing a vetting system for would-be terrorist candidates, as posing serious threats to privacy, as a perfectible technological solutions in iterative development, as highly fallible security systems that limit civil rights and liberties, as tool for individual, local, national, and global security, etc. (Fear and No-Fly Listing in Canada, Werbin, pg. 625-625).
Below is the comparison of my bare lips to 112 Unending Kiss. I take separate bare lips pictures as opposed to recycling the same one – so these would be post-lipstick-removal lips.
“Can I go?” Melanie asked.
2. The new album has a nice ‘live’ sound to it – how was it recorded?
How can we get a grip on our stress, when life is heavy and hard to take?
“I’d like to be alone for a minute please Jasper.” Her voice broke, and he longed to hold her, to tell her this wasn’t the way. But her mind was made up.
11,- c were two women, one was called Wandimirwa who was given to Gutu by
That’s what the boy wonder said when I told him about the end of a year. He is very aware that May 2 is his birthday and that he’ll turn 6. He’s been counting the days. He’s long had the key dates of the week memorized. His birthday is May 2. “The Avengers” opens on May 4. A friend’s graduation is May 5. His birthday party is May 6, and so is his mom’s birthday. He can recite them on cue, if needed. To him, this is a huge birthday, because what birthday’s aren’t? And I guess by throwing him a party he thinks we revel in the passing of another year the same way he does. When I told him I was somewhat sad about him turning 6 because I really enjoyed him at 5, Ian was surprised. It took him a moment to process.
Abide time
If you just want what's on the surface when there's nothing underneath?
The whole thing came down on April 25th, and since then, the trail is cold as ice. Fox News account:Police believe that Zinkhan shot his wife, 47-year-old Marie Bruce, along with 40-year-old Tom Tanner and Ben Teague, 63, at a community theater near the University of Georgia's Atlanta campus.
I really like the (typical for Moistboyz, and growing more relevant each day) anti-American slant in the opening songs “I Don’t Give A Fuck Where The Eagle Flies”, “Uncle Sam & Me”, “Captain America”. And I have a feeling “The Year Of The Maggot” should probably be about George Bush. In “I Don’t Give A Fuck Where The Eagle Flies” some of the lyrics include “killing everybody that you don’t like — are you gonna come and kill me tonite?” It’s a good album and I like the mellow rock style in “Everybody’s Fucked Her” as well.
When you play a game you want to sit down with your controller and run through a bunch of levels and beat down the boss at the end, it was pretty easy. You don’t want to get up and move your arms around in order to interact with the game, it is too much work. It also never works either, you end up trying to position yourself perfectly and the game never even detects your movements. Sorry Microsoft Kinect, PlayStation Move and Wii, it’s the truth.
What makes this show so appealing to the Arab world is that it is about a Muslim family and takes place in a Muslim country. Plus, the more easily understood Arabic dialect (Syrian) which is dubbed in makes viewers feel more bonded and intimate with the characters, as opposed to the use of the formal classical Arabic that is used in so much of the Middle Eastern programming.
The meaning of the term Metrosexual is very simple and clear; It comes from Metropolis and Heterosexual, thus metro-sexual, and it means a metropolitan man whose attributes are similar to those of a homosexual man. For example; they like to shop for the latest trend in fashion; they like to get manicure and pedicure; they like to shave not only facial hair but any other hairy spot in their bodies… etc. This being said, Leonardo Dicaprio does not necessarily fall under the metrosexual category, nor does Pitt or Cruise, despite what others may think. I think that, when it comes to a celebrity it would be somewhat confusing, since they have the need to look good (even when they don’t at times) and this relates to their profession and social status (somewhat), not their life style. They can be a total different person, and dress very different off cameras.
Wisdom of the moment: don't go to campground bathrooms at night. Buy a port-a-potty.
birthday is on Christmas, too so it is double the fun!) I loved making my list, telling Santa what I wanted and then the anticipation of waiting to open presents and see if I got what I wanted.
Emily Dobson / Photography night class / 13-14
However, the cloud doesn’t come without its own problems. As the solution is hosted on the web, bandwidths on broadband lines have to be increased to cater for the additional load of users accessing their applications over the net. This also creates a significant problem with data disconnect due to data being segregated into data silos, which in turn inhibits business intelligence tools. Finally, there is the issue of data nationalisation with opinions of governments ranging from openly hostile to storing their data outside of their jurisdiction to simply expressing a reservation. This of course has an impact on not only government department but also the suppliers, partners and service provides who wish to work with government departments.
Some days are exhausting... and I feel like I'll never learn this language and all I'm doing is making myself look like a fool... but Monday was not one of those days!!
If you worked on 2000AD, do you have an anecdote you'd like to share about your experience of Tharg and his minions?
what are some of your favourite children's books?
What happens next seems inevitable: sooner or later, some creationist teachers are going to attempt to use this law as cover to teach creationism in public school science classes; they’ll get called out on it and taken to court; they will lose, likely costing the state many millions of dollars (plus giving them much-deserved embarrassment) in the process.
And beings are micro-causal effects of subliminal dreams projected on the macrospace
Otherwise there’s the wonderful walk around the walls, the museum gardens alongside the River Ouse, and countless haunted pubs, or landmarks where famous folk have passed through (or passed away!) in the past.
Your green water-pumping station building is falling down and it's rapidly being turned into a squatter camp, with drunken vagrants sleeping next to the building every night.
Singer for Abba
soldiers’ joys,
As much as the delusional expectations of the Europeans about Africa’s potential were formulated and executed by Europeans, so a parallel industry of Black Propaganda contrives to capitalise and exploit the European delusions. The aim seems to have been to demonstrate that Black Africans could compete on equal terms with the European in achievement and creativity. Sadly most of the claims promoted were fabrications, calculated to deceive.
But maybe I’m the wrong person to listen to, as I have many problems with biopics, in particular with those that attempt to glorify artists. La vie certainly doesn’t shy away from Piaf’s alcoholism or her dependence on painkillers, but nothing is shown of her activities during WWII, and only coy nods are made at the rumors of bisexuality. The deathbed confession also irks greatly – even if it’s true, the film feels like it's grasping for unearned tears. It’s a familiar trope with biopics, one that rarely ceases to bother.
My husband and I ran the half marathon on our 11th anniversary and had a great time. I missed my goal time (1:48)by a couple of minutes (1:54:31), but considering the pouring rain and tornado sirens, I will have to get over it. I can't believe I am saying this, but it was fun!
I then fall back on the couch
Locals carry bricks as riots break out over inadequate housing and poor public services in the Thokoza township of Johannesburg. Sourced from: www.guardian.co.uk
Apologies to anybody who has already seen the result of the first pouch but thanks to freaking out about the two swaps I'm in, I don't have lots of new things to show this week. Fortunately there was a teensy bit of progress on my ideas for the swaps.
I've learned who I am, what I'm capable of, and what my limitations are. I always strive to make the best use of my capabilities, and to grow beyond my limitations.
2.Then…Mirror Image – obvious one really – needed when trying to keep four bizarre conversations going at the same time. Examples:-
The National Mother/Grandmother has failed.
Size of Baby: Kumquat (I've never even seen one of these)
I love the Halal shops and the many Halal eateries. I love the fact Burger King will deliver food right to my home for 2 riyals. I love the fact that KFC delivers Halal chicken. We had stopped eating American fast food except the fillet o fish and tuna before coming to Saudi Arabia. I love it that I have so many choices for eating Halal in Saudi Arabia. I love it that my husband has created a new routine for us where every Thursday morning, he will bring home parathas (fried flat bread), aloo bhara parathas (fried flat bread filled with potatoes) and spicy chana (chick peas) all for a total of 30 riyals or about 8 dollars. We wouldn’t get that much food for 8 dollars in the States.
A few months ago, I mentioned that I'd come into possession of a certain tablet device, as part of a program through my school. Now that I've finally had some time to play with the darn thing, it's round about time to give some opinion on the various toys that I've been playing with!
the warmth of my netbook,
I am admittedly a dinosaur. I wrote several of my early novels on a manual typewriter, a heavy all-metal thing that was called a portable simply because it came with a case – made of wood, no less – and could be carried with one (strong!) hand. It also was immediate death to any kind of manicure or nail polish. My father gave it to me and for that I treasure it and will never give it away, though I doubt that in these days I could depress the keys. I’m too spoiled to the modern ease of a computer keyboard that registers the slightest touch and doesn’t chip my nails.
Today I said farewell to my only brother, David Rivero. David was a singer and songwriter in love with country music. Not having had one music lesson in his life, he picked up a guitar one day, and just started playing, following the footsteps of our father. His children now do the same. He went on to write music, my favorite being "Midnight Rainbow". That song among many, went to the top of the hit lists in Europe. His music will live on, being that his songs have been contracted and will be sung by other artists.
Lowering Earth’s reflectivity by reducing cloud cover doesn’t work. Models also show that a greenhouse effect from dense carbon dioxide and methane can’t warm the Earth enough either. In some simulations, methane and carbon dioxide combine to make a photochemical smog that would have chilled Earth even further.
baby spinach leaves
I got home and had to work with the kids on their homework for a little bit. After that, Heather came home and we watched “Dr. Phil” while she got dinner ready. We then sat down and ate dinner together. After dinner, I went into the basement and played some COD:BO before taking some more pictures of “Lord of the Rings” Miniatures to sell on Ebay. After working on that for about an hour and a half, I then started to watch some of my usual Wednesday night shows including “Survivor: South Pacific”, “Harry’s Law”, and “CSI” while I DVR’d “Criminal Minds”, “The New Girl”, and “Law and Order: SVU” before heading to bed.
A lot of the pictures I take using instagram are little things that I wouldn’t normally take a picture of, little snapshots of everyday life, and I love the vintage effects that make everything look that little bit more special.
“I still have a job!” you think. Relief floods your mind. “That sounds like something I can handle,” you answer. “I’m all salivated up and ready to go. When can I start?”
since it's getting a major overhaul in our new territory.
So when God speaks to us or about us – he speaks good words over us. God celebrates our life. God likes to do this! Here’s what God’s blessing sounds like:
by that idiot ref = 1075
The next day we were fortunate enough to be invited to a mock interview and brunch put on by pageant volunteers and supporters of the Miss Grand Forks Organization. It is amazing to see just how many dedicated volunteers the Miss America Organization has; these people continuously give their time and talents to help us prepare and support us along this journey. I am always so thankful for all the individuals that have helped me prepare for Miss ND over the past few years and love seeing the passion that we all share for the organization.
Matt's been so busy with the nursery that I haven't been able to use him for a helping hand. But that's ok... I have huge plans with my sewing machine...and some paint. :)
something to watch on a summer evening (I've been catching up): "brief encounter" - usually so not my thing, I don't do old-time movies (ie audrey hepburn phenomena is totally puzzling to me), but my god have I been sobbing throughout the last minutes of it. a classic. "last station" - mixed reviews, but I rather enjoyed it (although again, the ending had me in tears). I might be biased, since I love anything Russia-related and this one also has james mcavoy, who I believe to be extremely talented. helen mirren delivers a memorable performance - this is what I'm talking about, an actress who can move you with minimal effort, a hint of a smile, fleeting glimpse of emotion in her eyes. none of that over the top drama (I promised myself no pointing fingers here, but how anyone can think angelina is a good actress remains a mystery to me). "crazy heart" - there's just something about a good story and good acting. you don't need much more than that (but I'm also biased here beacuse of my girl crush on maggie gyllenhaal).
Last year, West German sympathisers deliberately blighted the potato harvest and caused widespread shortages throughout the Democratic Republic. We are, of course, perfectly capable of coping with such transparent attempts to sabotage the efforts of our farmers thanks to generous donations of turnip and newspaper flat-cakes generously donated to East Germany by our fraternal comrades in the Soviet Union.
Today have a beautiful blue shimmer released by Milani for their Spring 2012 collection. Milani "Sail Away" is a medium blue creme with blue and silver shimmer. Almost a perfect match for the deep blue shimmer of the ocean.
If y'all are looking for a great read, I highly recommend The Violets of March. I absolutely loved it, and I feel sure everyone who picks it up will fall in love with it. Check out the book's trailer below.
It's a seductive, addicting and fun game to play. I've won 400 dollars in one hand, and then other nights I've lost 160 dollars in one hand. I never let myself lose more than 160 which is 4 buy-ins at the level that I play at. But usually I'll only buy in twice, meaning I'll only lose 80.
When it comes to marketing, you may want to share that you are doing your part to be green in your business. Using a recycle logo would seem to be the easiest way. But did you know that they all mean something different? Most might not know which logo is which, but we’ll cover here what they look like and what they stand for in case you feel it is important to your marketing plan.
We are kicking off the *New* Kraftin’ Kimmie Stamps May Release today and first off, we’d like to introduce you to a whole new line of stamps!!! We are very excited to share with you our….TRINKETS!!!
Just like any goulash with strict country origins, it's quickly prepared, with a long simmer, and the flavour improves on the second day. Last year I fiddled with getting a traditional Czech recipe right and came up with this one. It was complete with homemade bread dumplings, which I must say that while polenta is a nice twist, nothing pairs with goulash like dumplings.
So the idea that “travel” and “travail” are linked by their shared connotation of “work” actually makes a lot of sense. What is really intriguing is the connection to “trepalium”. Back in Roman times, this was a very specific device with a solitary purpose: to inflict agony. This is not like other metaphors for work, like “grindstone” or “treadmill”, which hint at pain or discomfort as a side effect of productivity. All the trepalium produced was pain and discomfort. Sometime back in the history of language, somebody used the word “trepalium” to suggest that work was a form of torture, and the suggestion was resonant enough to embed itself in our language. So the next time you feel like your office is really a gothic torture chamber in disguise, maybe you’re not being overdramatic — maybe you’re just being traditional.
It appears that Levine is a fellow booklover, which is part of what makes this book pleasurable to read. Books by booklovers usually are. She speculates that "in many towns Barnes & Noble, with its upholstered armchairs, shiny mahogany tables, and endlessly replenished shelves, has become the new public library" (p, 97) with the exception "of course, that you have to buy something to use it, and these endless shelves contain only the books a marketing person considers saleable". Frankly, I fail to see the distinction. Barnes & Noble do allow you to browse without purchasing (you simply can't "borrow" outside the story - but you definitely don't need to buy to use their facilities), and a library too contains only "saleable" books - after all, a publisher won't publish it if it's not saleable, and a library won't buy it if it's unlikely to be in demand by borrowers. I don't know the situation in America, but in Australia, many so-called public libraries charge you for use. One in the suburb I used to live in had a joining fee. I refused, storming out rather pompously on the grounds that this was not a gymnasium. Upon discussing such matters with Neko-chan yesterday, I discovered that her local library charges patrons an outrageous $2.50 per item put on hold. Note that this is not for new books ordered in, but merely to reserve a book already in stock but borrowed out. Filthy! Of course, I do not blame libraries for this. It's plain to anyone that libraries are not flush with money, splashing around great wads of cash on marble bookshelves, gilt edging for the paperbacks, and flatscreen TVs advertising the latest acquisitions. Hell, most libraries I frequent now don't even have the money to cover their books, it seems. They simply don't receive adequate funding.
a monkey with a peanut machine
Instead, I killed a tree and spent $20 on what amounts to primarily a mostly unreadable documentation of incessant ear infections, repeated colds and timely vaccinations.
Luke’s black cows.
Well, it was one of those days. It started when I was lacing up my shoes on the landing outside my apartment. Like most mornings lately, I could hear the phoebe in the woods across from me, very close to the edge of the woods. By the time I made it down the stairs, it was well back in the woods, and I have no idea how it knows that I am coming. That goes along with something else I have noticed, critters know what the beep of a camera obtaining a focus lock is. I can’t count the number of times I have had my camera on something, waiting for the auto-focus to do its thing, and as soon as the camera beeps at me to tell me to shoot, the critter is gone.
So I decided to re-read her essay. Because I know I can be stupid. I know I can let my personal experience get the better of me when evaluating what other people say. I had had things to do all day and hadn't had a chance to re-read. And I re-read it and I decided that she had been far more subtle than I had been willing to give her credit for as I mulled over my memory of her essay throughout my day. I felt grateful to her for being willing to share her thoughts. But I replicated my thought processes from earlier today because I think it's important to acknowledge how touchy and complex these subjects are. How fearful parents of disabled children are of going public with any of these topics.
Please click the link below to view the PDF... and as always, I'd love to here what you think!
But you realize that the complexity of the local architecture, especially in the markets and casbahs – which any labyrinth aficionado would fall in love with right away (I fell in love right away) – is not only a kind of terrestrial tactic, i.e. keeping small pieces of the planet (sand) out of the inner rooms, it's also a philosophical response to the utterly gigantic north African landscapes collapsing all over themselves, ground down to sandy fissures in the distance: you want to control space, and limit the perimeter. Keep the walls close.
My mouth is watering just as I write this part. I know many of us have had a hard time trying to find the right box of puris for pani-puri at the indian store. By “right box” I mean a box with the least amount of broken puris. We don’t even get close to thinking about how old they are and what oil they were fried in.
I've been on school holidays and spent most of that time working on our house (getting it all pretty to sell, then I can pick out my next house in Brisbane, hopefully outside of the zombie-zoned areas).
30. Speaking of running....Our 2nd Annual Run to Breathe 5K in Memory of Haley will be Saturday, July 17th. Bright and early before it gets too hot!!
8. Boys rite better than girls. (**how cute is that?!)
I am certainly no fashion blogger, but I wore this outfit to work the other day and received a bunch of compliments on my top. While that in and of itself it not noteworthy, the the fact that the top was free is! I "bought" it with one of my Nordstrom Notes that was expiring soon. If you also are a fan of Nordstrom Notes, here's a little tip: you can get gift cards with them and those never expire. I always say it's "free money," and Justin rolls his eyes and says "oh yeah, it's real free."
Curious, Sharia slipped between the columns to inspect the central nave. She found another rock crystal table, with a corpse laid atop. Once richly dressed and draped, time had reduced it to little more than a pile of dust so that it was only by recognizing the silhouette of a body that Sharia knew it what it was: two thin sticks for legs with knobby lumps where the knees once were; skeletal fingers clasped upon its breast; and a grinning skull rising from the dust of ages, eye sockets full of sand.
Toilet paper ( 1 roll per package)
Well that's all I got today. Plenty right? lol! Have you entered your cards in to this week's challenge? If not, you still have time. Go here to upload your card or project and remember to follow the challenge details and upload a direct link to your post else you won't be considered for this week's prize or our top 3. Mahalo for stopping by today for two posts! Hope you all have a lovely Wednesday!
Ok so some of the supplies used on my tag are still Stampin Up... papers and punches etc... but the new supplies that I used were gorgeous Wendy Vicchi (have I spelt that correctly? ) stamps, love the quote... and if you squint at the flower you'll see that theres a background stamp on there. I stamped the leaf stamp onto some grunge paper (first time I've tried grunge paper and I do like it... was nice to curl the leaves without the normal cracking you get from paper and card... see flower LOL
Chaat Masala : 2tsp
11. Steady And Stable (Strange Roads) feat. Chokeules, Richard Benjamin, MC Homeless, Riddlore? & Timbuktu
40 golden rings,
Was the likelihood of passage of health care reform increased by making a backroom, apparently corrupt deal with drug makers?
I don’t know if I had mentioned that I have what they call a ‘sense of humor’. So I decided to try it with this girl. “I love to eat babies. Small, chubby, rosy ones like you", I said pointing my finger at her close to her face
Teresa Highsmith (Interim City Attorney)
Last year, someone I valued very highly came back into my life after a long absence, and she began to ask me the questions that illuminated the labyrinth I had built for myself. She began to gently nudge me towards the light again. She reminded me of what I had once been. She reminded me that I was a writer… and that I still am, no matter how deeply hidden in the shadows it is.
*4 eggs ( I only used 2 eggs)
Now, so many years on, when we have been drinking my aunt and I talk about how old her son would have been now, how handsome. I feel dizzy to think that my life travelled on, I grew up, I gave my parents grandkids. But I like to bring him into our talk. My Aunt is not sure whether to believe me, but this boy often comes to me, he is a man now, sending her comfort.
(Click on graphic to enlarge)
Hmmm. What hotel? If they were allowing him Internet use, why wouldn’t he be able to make a collect telephone call? Who did he talk to at what embassy?
And watched them.
I think he might draw the line at giving you his last Rolo, though.
She is in Ontario, her fiance is in Nova Scotia, and she is getting married in New Brunswick! Lots of plans are being made with the help of emails, long-distance phone calls, and the “mother of the bride”, aka “me”, running errands and contacting local vendors.
I want to talk about chaos. With airbrush and acrylic, you must work in a very organized way. You have no choice. With a computer, your process could be very chaotic. This little walkthrough will be a good example. «Fuchsia» is a picture I did several years ago.
The Style: Warner Bros. executive Hal Wallis was acutely sensitive to the fact that MGM had just had a massive hit with The Thin Man, a comedy thriller made in clear imitation of the fast-paced, low-budget, wise-cracking, urban movies usually associated with his studio. He immediately fired-off a memo to producer Harry Joe Brown to see what could be done about it:
Cadbury’s Chocolate bars 3.5-4oz 2/$2.98
He can definitely hold his head up really well. However, he kinda doesn't get tummy time. He just sleeps or lays there. Kinda lazy when it comes to exercise like his mom! :)
Category: Non-fiction: Medicine
The weather was perfectly HOT and the ceremony was quite amazing and definitely meaningful for everyone there.
Mac Rebennack, better known by his stage name Dr. John, is in his 70s. The New Orleans icon has been recording music for more than half a century, has more soul in one of his nose hairs than most of us have in our entire beings, and, honestly, if he wanted to rest on his laurels, he would be deserving.
Lin paid Li to, among other things, transport the women back and forth from the Rosen Music Studio to the Hong Apartment, and in some cases, to and from hotels. Li also provided the women with condoms and received money directly from customers on occasion.
Ted rolls his eyes, "When you have finished trying to be witty can you and Jamie come through to the meeting room I need a word."
<U+2665> fuzzy socks
thinking I’ll judge her
Tapped his iPhone.
As the sun rises, they're exposed. How to move without arousing suspicion is a problem since the workday has begun and the suits are bustling into the city, traffic jamming as it does. Oddly, no-one bats an eyelid. Quirky street theatre is commonplace and these players arouse no suspicion.
It's that young boy I look for in the playground- the playground that is still there despite the fact you need a key to get in now. Why?
Neck belongings during one particular wedding ring counters an incredible concoction transitional covers gorgeous honeymoons as well damier goods.
spending?
They dont like my jeans, they don't get my hair
From the get-go, THE HERO'S GUIDE TO SAVING YOUR KINGDOM separates itself from the rest of the pack thanks to author Christopher Healy's clear, unique storytelling abilities. HERO'S GUIDE is crammed with action, adventure, excitement, and mayhem, not to mention littered with hilarity. The book features an omniscient narrator who foreshadows and explains in a way sure to catch a reader's interest. At times, I envisioned the voice to be the narrator from Disney's WINNIE THE POOH; at other times, I imagined the Narrator from the fairy tale musical INTO THE WOODS. Every chapter heading cleverly begins with something about Prince Charming, but you never which Prince Charming is being mentioned. That's sort of the point, though, because the four princes in HERO'S GUIDE aren't named Prince Charming, even though bards have demoted them to such roles in their own tales.
Inspiration is complicated.
‘I have a foolish heart?’
Over the past couple of years I’ve become a real convert to eating dandelion leaves and other bitter plants. For me now, no smoothie would be complete without the addition of a generous handful of magnificent dandelion leaves.
The challenge is to make a card or tag using the colors:
I mean, what’s new in a print newspaper? Nothing. Zip. Nada. Except perhaps the ads. It’s really a flyer, not a newspaper.
There’s good days and bad. Sometimes the good days surprise you. Today was one of those days. This afternoon I had it setup to go shoot with young LCpl from down the road. I threw together some target frames this week out of scrap lumber and had some cardboard cutouts stapled to them ready to head down to our little local shooting spot. World of wonders he shows up with another one of our neighbors. So our merry little band rolls out and on the way another of our neighbors is checking his mail. A quick invite and our numbers are now up to four.
In some ways, Chua and the Tiger mothers are taking the easy route. They have picked their goal and are pursuing it with a single-minded fury that allows for no hesitation, no questions, no uncertainty, no doubts. Even as Ava and I rightly decide to go the other way, to value our time as a family over the pulls of the childhood industrial complex, to send our children to whatever university Ava is currently working at, there will always be in my mind the tiny ‘what if,’ the bit of curiosity about whether Polly or Pip could have set the world on fire had they been given the chance.
The Senate can also be held up as an example of “do-nothing,” with the majority of the 87 votes on only three bills: highway (25), postal (16), and insider-trading (13). While Republicans sneer at Democrats for their inability to get anything accomplished, however, they neglect one fact. Whereas House Republicans need only a simple majority to pass a bill, the Senate is held to 60 of 100 votes to pass anything because of the Republican filibuster intransigence. Even so, the Senate Democrats have managed to get bills through recently: renewal of the Violence against Women Act, postal reform, a long-term renewal of the surface transportation bill, and one making it easier for companies to go public. Of course, despite passing the last of these, Republicans in the House plan to kill the others by voting against them or attaching damaging amendments to them. Congress remains at its infamous “gridlock.”
COST: $5 for non-members, free to Songsalive! members.You can join Songsalive! to participate in the workshops at www.songsalive.org go JOIN.
Also in pranayama class, we have to say, “mmmmmmmm” like a bee when we breathe out for the bhramari form of praaNaayaama, as well as in some of the yogaasanaas.
20) Ace Hardware
What a month it has been! I have been struggling to find the words to sum up the emotional roller coaster I have been through after completing our last chance IVF. It is surreal to me that this process, which has taken months to prepare for, is now behind us. As my husband and I went through this process, the world was caught up in its own emotional roller coaster, rooting and praying for the 33 miners in Chile who were trapped a half mile below the earth’s surface for almost ten weeks.
incoherent dumbass?
The presenter gave us a lot of information on why S.T.E.M. is important in this day and age, but unfortunately didn’t give us a lot of practical ideas for Kindergarten S.T.E.M. units. She demonstrated just two of them. The first one was to have the children build a “Nut Sorter” by giving them a bunch of common materials and no directions at all, and just let them go. The participants were divided into groups of four and were given 15 minutes to build one out of a couple of paper plates, masking tape, wax paper, paper bags, tongue depressor sticks and index cards. First of all, I was surprised at the lack of sensitivity to nut allergies in this day and age. Also, let me just say that we did NOT find it easy to make a “Nut Sorter!” Therefore, I was wondering how this would go for many of my overly “helpless” kindergartners, whom I could easily picture sitting there doing nothing or insisting that I tell them how to make it. The pessimist in me would have liked to have seen some photos of a child made “Nut Sorter” where an adult did not have to intervene to make it happen, just to assure myself that this project could actually work, because I’m still not sure! The other idea that she gave us was to have the children design a candy bar and a wrapper, market it, price it, and sell it to their class mates with fake money. She brought technology into the project by having them “research” chocolate factories on the internet with adult help. It sounded like a lot of fun, but a lot of work. She also said that it was an expensive project because she had to purchase all of the candy making materials herself. If you would like to download Sandi’s handout, click here.
In Indian marriage context, finding the life partner with the help of online matrimonial site is kind of arranged marriages in India. You can also say that the system of arranged marriages has turned online. These matrimonial sites have made the life partner search quite convenient. The search can be made on various grounds, including religion, region, language, caste, community, salary package, job profile, height, etc. These sites search profiles based on preferences given by the person who is looking for a life partner for his/her own, or any of the family members or friends.
I am so flattered they asked me to take over their space for the day to show you how to live your life in the FABULOUS! Don't feel guilty when you want to strut around in those metallic green pumps on a random day of the week, or light your favorite candle and let it burn all night.
Come and park your car here. Never a traffic warden in sight. Must be special dispensation? Personally I couldn’t care less if someone parks on these double yellows. But if they can, can I?
Yesterday I received a couple of pictures from a friend in Holland.
Anthocyanins, flavonoids that give red apples, cranberries, blueberries and plums their blue/red colors are found in all plant cells but increase dramatically in leaves during the fall months in response to large amounts of stored sugar in the leaves and the bright light of fall.
For these above mentioned degrees of grades of various kinds of worship one should race for Jihad. It is confirmed in the two authentic books (of Hadlth). Narrated Abu Huraira (may Allah be pleased with him): I heard Allah’s Messenger saying,
I think I have been MIA and more researved lately because of rainbows dad and his family. they think im crazy and that I should not have custody of rainbow because of depression and anxiety. WTF?!?!
The good news? The editor loved the changes! Enthusiasm abounded when I was informed that it would be taken, once again, to acquisitions. After all that work, and such excitement from the wonderful editor, I thought surely it would happen now. I did my job. I wasn't too proud for edits. I put in my time. When you put in your time, you get results.
*** This is not my exact mixer - though I know I have taken pictures of it - I can't find it, and it is a bit dirty right now from making cookies and I am too lazy to clean it and take a picture****
Despite the rain stopped on Sunday, congestion has continued in many parts of the city battered roads proved threat to motorists in low-lying areas in North Chennai. For example, even the hospital Kilpauk College DICAL I did not escaped. The hospital became a flooded field of race-tion for mosquitoes.
Ariz. House to act on immigration enforcement bill
Jeff "Skunk" Baxter - guitar, steel guitar
“All people are like grass, and all their glory is like the flowers of the field; the grass withers and the flowers fall, but the word of the Lord endures forever.” (1 Peter 1:24-25)
Leonard drew fighting stick figures. Nikolas gave him the tree he drew the day before.
So if I may, I'll clear a few things up here. Lets go back to a week ago from last Wednesday, when I had a bronchoscopy. That's where they go down your throat into your lungs with a little camera. While they were in there they took another biopsy of the tumor tissue in an effort to further narrow down the exact cancer we're fighting here. Bronchoscopies are not fun. You're not asleep when they do this. It really really sucks.
Tom's submission was brewed by the Worthog Brewing Club and was called Molstoberfest (the beer on the right). It pours a dark unfiltered copper color with an 1.5 inch thick head. It has a nice smell, including sweet caramel and crusty bread aromas with the slightest touch of citrus hops. This beer is medium bodied with an immediate malt sweetness with the first sip. It really is super smooth and drinkable and has a great refreshing carbonation. This is a very good session beer, you could drink quite a few of them...something Tom is known to do from time to time. I am going to guess it is about 6% abv. While the malt profile has the right sweetness, the use of extracts makes it just a touch thin at finish. This is a really nice Octoberfest...I am impressed so far. I give this a solid 3.6.
Labour's Ian Mearns then intervened (and it's to be noted that Mr Stuart, unlike our observations of so many other politicians, gives way with generosity and good manners) in part to say:
Hobsbawm’s interpretation of this period is enlightening and demonstrates his talents as a historian; however, there are some faults. First, his labeling of 1848 as failure and then suggesting it fundamentally changed European politics is contradictory. If the changes created by 1848 were “profound” and “marked the end . . . of the politics of tradition, of the monarchies, . . . and of the beliefs in patriarchal rights” why are they failures? (24) The idea that politics and society were different than before seems to suggest that the 1848 revolutionaries did accomplish a change in society. The monarchies greatly feared the revolutionary periods and did grant some reforms in order to placate the upper echelons of society, and though little changed for those in lower classes of society, the masses were now more politicized than before revealing that 1848 did create change just not the social revolution that Hobsbawn desires.
And really, it was only a ‘sort of’ argument.
The Halls was never a big forum. Even in our heyday, we were barely 30 members strong, but we were a tight-knit and wacky crew that had hung together through a few big community migrations and shake-ups. For a couple of very golden years, commenting was fast-paced, hectic, and most often completely absurd. It wasn’t just anywhere that a Norse god could not only get into a fight with a Magic 8 Ball, but also lose. There weren’t many other internet forums doing crossover events that climaxed with a Penguin Army vs. Chao Swarm battle and the day was only saved by a guy named Stove crashing a starship into a multi-dimensional being. Hell, we even had fishing tournaments. (Of course, a lot of the time you ended up getting chased by bees or mauled by some hideous creature.)
You can also use non-letter characters, such as:
Making a video to be uploaded in you tube is the next challenge. Those with more views, wins. Everybody prepares except Hong Joo. He’s so down lately ever since Nana was admitted in the hospital. Since DH2 is about helping friends, Hae Sung was the one who provided support to her dear friend this time. They went to visit Nana. It was really sweet that they transformed her room with cute designs on the wall! I’ve always enjoyed Hong Joo’s songs, it’s always a treat to hear his voice.
#2 – A few years ago, that wonderful husband of mine that I am so fond of mentioning managed to procure tickets (a funny story that involves a gay bar and a man in drag) for my mother and I to go see an advanced screening of Twilight. She and I were very excited to see this movie. We got there early and settled down with plenty of popcorn and Diet Coke, perhaps a little too much Diet Coke. About 15 minutes before the movie was supposed to start I realized that I needed to use the bathroom. I hate getting up in the middle of a movie to use the bathroom, but I also love to watch the previews and was worried that I would miss something since it was so close to starting time. In the end I decided that the needs of my bladder were too great, so I got up and flew to the bathroom.
1. Slice the bananas and arrange it in a bowl evenly.
PTSD doesn't exist.
We used artistic license and added a head band to match the uniform. Marilyn’s original costume had no hat or head piece but we thought this would make the costume more wearable as a waitress/ maid’s uniform.
Alyse Carlson: Alyse Carlson is the pen name for Hart Johnson who writes books from her bathtub. By day she is an academic researcher at a large midwestern university. She lives with her husband, two teenage children and two fur balls. The dust bunnies don't count. This will be her first published book.
He gave and suffered more than most…
Our guide began the tour by showing us a diagram of a dredge and explaining its basic operation—a dredge is a huge floating shoveling device that digs out the ground in front of it, sifts and sorts the sand and gravel to sluice out the gold as the material travels through the dredge on big conveyer belts. The left-over material was dumped out the back end and left strewn in huge snake-like wavy piles of rubble, called “tailings.”
To some extent, as far as the media's concerned we're ALL "just a girl", I guess.)
Brush tops with milk. Bake at 375 degrees F for ¾ to 1 hour. Loaves should be golden brown and sound hollow when tapped.
I know it’s hard to admit you made a mistake. I get it. You really believed this guy was “the one” and he is the one for the 1%: Wall Street, the too big to fail banks, the military industrial complex, the prison industrial complex, big oil, big pharma, i.e. the corporate fascist state he’s so gingerly locking into place.
during small windows of time.
At this point, there were no documents to accompany the baby and her new parents back to the United States. Those I would discover in one of the best libraries in the world for doing such research—the local beer house, where expats hang out. It was in one of those pubs that I met my “librarians,” who even went so far as to share copies of the documents from their own Chinese adoption process. Paperwork aside, I also learned valuable information about the entire process and what pitfalls to hopefully avoid. I had moved at God’s bidding into the adoption business, and I planned to run that business as efficiently as I did my schools. God bless the fool with a big heart. (pp. 11-12)
Chinwo Nnenda, better known
I know that Wendy is spent emotionally and physically and I can't even wrap my arms around her.
Be sure to leave a comment today for a chance to win blog candy - your choice of any available Cricut Project Kit OR 5 sets of directions!! And stop back tomorrow to see Nana Susan's beautiful altered canvas project.
Level 12: MP Cost: 10, Damage: 300%, Attacks up to 5 enemies.
Favorite Place Name? Aaaaand I just got tired of these questions. Good thing that was the last one.
"We're fine with it," Chloe Thiel said.
It seems like royals by nature are beautiful. Maybe it’s the royal blood or the pampering they get from birth but either way they are gorgeous. Check out the top 5 most beautiful royal women and top 5 handsome men below.
Method -
Priced at just $1.99, I knew it was meant to be! As an added bonus, the wallpaper was very similar to the stripes I painted last year in my hallway.
Last month was Autism Month in Jamaica and even though I am about a month late, this is still a very relevant ongoing topic. I must admit, I don’t know much about autism, but as a mom I became more interested in the topic when they showed a feature on it on local television a couple of days ago. Two things struck me 1) it generally appears before the child is 24 months of age 2)it is four times more likely to strike boys than girls. Baby D just turned one and of course is a boy, so that made me just want to find out as much as I could and true to my style – I went into research-mode.
One must require from each one the duty which each one can perform. Accepted authority rests first of all on reason. If you ordered your people to go and throw themselves into the sea, they would rise up in revolution. I have the right to require obedience because my orders are reasonable.
“The Department of Health and Human Services under radical abortion promoter Kathleen Sebelius has approved the first disbursement of federal tax dollars to pay for abortions, despite an Executive Order that promised the American people such abortion funding would not be permitted.” (from here)
“You sound it,” She waved him back to a walk. “We need to keep moving, I’m sorry if you’re upset, but we really can’t just stand around here. I don’t want to be on this path when night falls.”
But you have to stay clear for long stretches of time. You have to be willing to take sadness sober, or else it can never teach you the truth about happiness.
Here's my latest haul: 10 balls of mohair for 6 quid. Hmmm one ball missing from the photo. Must be camera-shy
A conservative will simply laugh and be so convinced of the absolute truth of this history that it will be forwarded immediately to other true believers and, of course, to more liberals....just to piss them off.
"We have a good fundraising plan in place and I am confident that we can fund all current and planned litigation," commented Eric Reschke, the group's executive director. "We've been here for five years, and I expect the next five... if necessary."
Let me set the scene up for you:
Guthrie: even Marco Rubio thinks you could
And as I walk your book lined corridor,
32. “Yonkers” by Tyler, The Creator
*The Private War of Mrs. Packard: The Dramatic Story of a Nineteenth-Century Feminist by Barbara Sapinsley. This totally sounds like a book that I should be blaming Ana for, doesn't it? :D But truth is I'd never heard of it before. Here's a bit of the blurb from the back:
“Because people don’t walk around in the rain,” she said, smiling at me like, Wow, you’re one dumb bunny, aren’t you?
We’re rugby-mad but not in a good way (page 7)
Who found the whole "re-entry process" to be one of THE most excruciatingly painful things she had to go through in her new relationship with Christ? This sister.
When we discovered I was pregnant with Alexa, I had not long graduated from University, and actually, was still not employed. I fell into a retail job within a few days of finding out our news and naturally once we had settled ourselves on really going for it with the whole parenting thing I had a call. Not just any call but a call about "the dream" paid graduate intern job at a children's charity in London I'd applied for before I'd even finished final exams...always the way with me! Not taking the chance and attending the interview regardless of being pregnant has never been a regret of mine-i'm a firm believer of everything happening for a reason-but sometimes I will have moments of mild panic...
they were a pack I have had for a long time...
Have you heard about the fabulousness that is Olioboard?? I just discovered it a few weeks ago, and I am a tad bit obsessed. If you haven't tried it out, you have to ASAP! You will become obsessed just like me, but I swear you will be thankful. On the site, you can make mood boards for home decor. I like to make a plan for a space before I begin decorating it, so this is a great way to visualize my ideas.
Former Senator Rick Santorum has withdrawn his bid for the Republican presidential nomination. He is expected to give his support to his good friend, Noynoy Romney.
Walked to Mrs. Willis’s house- she has a new haircut! And her house finally has lights and is almost finished being renovated. What a change from having flute lessons with her two years ago. But one thing didn’t change….how much she loves talking about after death stuff and coming back from the dead. She sent me off with these goodies…meep.
Sonos, the Cadillac of household streaming digital media supports all four of these services. Roku, the Chevy of such services does offer MOG and Rdio, and I hope they offer the other two in the future. MOG has also made plans to integrated into TVs, Blu-ray players and cars. What this will mean is your HDTV, which people often connect to good sound systems, will become a streaming music player. This beats the crap out of Apple TV as a music player. Just imagine a TV with MOG and Netflix, what a combo that will be!
kissing and sucking her breast and rolled on top of her . She
This year, the fashionable royal continued the presentation of shamrocks and presented a basket of shamrocks to 40 members of the First Battalion Irish Guards after the military band began playing “God Save the Queen”. 450 soldiers in full ceremonial uniform participated in the annual St. Patrick’s Day parade, accompanied by the regimental mascot Conmeal, an Irish wolfhound who received his own sprig of shamrock from the Duchess.
There was a sea of people and it took a lot of pushing to get through but this is what the main drag looked like for several blocks. People were dancing in the street, playing drums, waving flags, hollering, etc. It was really cool!
95. Ein Prosit -- Die G'Scherten Munchner
Just the fact that she’s in a relationship requires everyone to adapt and rules have to be put in place.
I have seen lots of painting of this style on the web of late and it looks so much fun! So naturally we had to try it out ourselves! Little "R" was so careful with the brush to start with until I put my fingers in the paint...... then she immediately put the brush down and put both hands in!
I wish there was a road-map of sorts, or a guidebook, or something else that gave neat instructions: How to Find and/or Build Meaningful Community in 10 Easy Steps! But since there isn’t, we’re each left to figure things out for ourselves, to find the paths, through trial and error, that work best, based on our own unique geographic locations,
Dark Amber-brown in color. Well carbonated that falls quick in glass.
The answer to where they are could be found last night at the Will Rogers Auditorium. Often at political events there is a sense of excitement, anticipation, a certain buzz in the audience while waiting for the main event. Excitement, anticipation and buzz are weak and inadequate words to describe the pre-rally crowd last night. Energy is even inadequate. What undulated through the thousands who thronged outside before the doors opened last night was a kinetic power, the power of hope, the power of liberation, the power of anger at a system turned upside down, the power of liberation and, yes, the ultimate and emancipating power of freedom. You had to be there to understand it.
Setting up goals, and educational goals to boot, that forever elude common mortals brings to mind the “___ jokes”, those jokes that are largely the same in different parts of the world, but are only funny when the blank fills with nationality words that the jokers think it’s funny to joke about – telling a Finn, say, how many Portuguese it takes to screw in a light bulb is not very funny. One of these jokes suggested the following parallel to me: an outsider (= the aspiring language user) asks a local (= the native language user) for directions to a place (= native proficiency). The local thinks a while and replies: “If I were you, I wouldn’t start from here.” It is the same no-can-do mindset that, faced with can-dos, changes gear to call them “gifted learners”. This is yet another ill-defined player in second/foreign language scenarios, to which I will return some other day.
When Black Friday comes I'll be on that hill
sing you only,
Spread Your love upon the walls
As we grew up, of course, our explorations began to vary. But through those earlier years, the lessons we learned have made adulthood much easier. The TV is not the only option. If it’s nice outside, go outside. It’s not where you’re at, it’s who you’re around. You actually can do this yourself. If you get in trouble, take your punishment and move on. If you’re gonna get punished, make sure it’s worth it. Don’t go it alone-it’s never as much fun, and if shit goes down, you want backup around.
Somewhere off in the distance,
Allow me to set the scene – I am a huge fan of British comedy, in particular our timeless sitcoms (or Britcoms, as they seem to be referred to these days). Whether it’s Rowan Atkinson’s sharp wit in Blackadder or John Cleese’s bumbling antics in Fawlty Towers, our fair country has undeniably produced some classics in its time. So, imagine the excitement I must have felt when I recently heard that US telly producers intend to bring back the most famous Britcom of all, Only Fools and Horses, for an American audience.
1.2 Why is it a community?
ƒ How to use the Save Power Kit information guide.
Bowden shrugs this off as “blowback” from an earlier confrontation with the online world, saying he doesn’t “care one way or ‘nother. They’ll buy their tickets no matter what. That’s what happens when you ain’t got no life except the emails and eBays.”
kit of their choosing.
Kimmi
A group of product design students recently took a trip to the February ‘Southern Manufacturing’ show in Farnborough. Daniel Cano has kindly supplied an account of the outing.
I know. It's adorable as is, but this thing sat in my garage for nearly 2 years! I didn't even know if it worked. The electrical part held me back. So I went for it anyway with my new idea. I had a deadline here! :)
I squint. I 'yook' while trying to look muscular, in case this sleeping intruder is bigger than me. You know, I go into protective Mama Bear mode.
After most of arrogant fools walked out with their 8x10 paper signs that they had "snuck" in, only then did the campus police decided to have some rules; a rule they wouldn't bend: No one outside who really wanted to hear the speakers would be permitted in.
2 births
The above image has a transparent background.
As you can probably guess from the shitload of lactose, we're in Sweet Stout territory here. Scottish Sweet Stout territory, which is the sweetest of all. That's a stack of caramel, too. Black and sweet, that's what this baby must have been. A real granny Stout.
The Spey Golf Course was very well known and was a busy place. The gravel pit was also going then. That was between the farm and the seashore. There was also a railway station in Spey Bay. Lots of visitors came to stay at the Spey bay Hotel to play golf and enjoy the seaside. At Christmas it was very busy. Carrie and her husband would go for a meal at the hotel on a Saturday night. There was music, dancing with accordian playing and local fiddle music. Sometimes there was a four bit band (drum, fiddle, accordian, piano?).
Current standings: (8/9) 43 points
Miami police chief Miguel Exposito, Miami-Dade police director James Loftus, Miami mayor Tomas Regaldo and Miami-Dade mayor Carlos Alvarez have responded to the scene. Deputy US marshal Barry Golden is also on the scene.
4. Boys can go to the bathroom in the woods. (**or off the deck when Mom’s not looking)
Seriously though, there is a felt and immediate need in the Guyanese society for a serious operative, preferably at the ministerial level, to help the male population especially retrieve their identity and control of their families, fecundity and future. The PPP government has a moral responsibility to create the environment and channel the energies, skills and intellect of the men into productive work rather than having them as mere spectators as the country devolves into nothingness.
Yes, I understand that it's summer, but THIS summer it is just ridiculous! Near 100 degrees daily for what seems to be forever (and 120 on my very comfortable deck ). As I sit in my sewing room sweating through the latest projects, I think back to other days...when the weather didn't dictate what I could manage to work on.
He was coughing a lot after he went to bed tho, maybe it's too much phlegm?
Since this is the third Challenge of the Month, this is our Prize Challenge, which has been donated by Digital Delights by Louby Loo. One lucky person will be randomly chosen from this weeks entries to win the prize. We will announce the winner with next weeks challenge post.
And finally... my WTF moment.
I'd been dreaming about a roller-coaster, I remembered - an improbably massive structure that wound around an entire mountain, and even dipped through tunnels inside. There had been someone... no, that was gone. I couldn't remember anymore. I was too awake.
In peace and love
And I am going to ask you, is your antivirus (or, “security suite”) expired? I sure hope not! But if it is, fix that right now. At the time of this writing (May, 2012) my recommendation for an Internet Security Suite (paid subscription) is Norton (either the “360<U+2033> or “Norton Internet Security 2012<U+2033>).
Forget winning “hearts and minds” — maintaining basic security for coalition forces will be a tough enough job in itself.
Father show us your Glory today in the earth in your creation and show us your Mercy and Grace by your Holy Spirit Saving sinners today. Father rise up among us soldiers that fight the good fight of faith and deliver the whole creation including us from the power of Satan into the kingdom of your blessed Son who is ruler of the universe. In Jesus Name!
People often ask me what advice I would give the White House about various things. Today I was mulling over election results from New York and Nevada while thinking about that very question. What should the White House do now? One word came to mind: Panic.
The snow stays until March. Even now there are giant mounds or balls of dirty ice, taller than us, at the end of every road and in the playground for us to climb on.
Beside remote Shalott.
I hope you had a wonderful Christmas!
You aren't able to post comments on the articles, but I stumbled across a blog post by the author (in French), and there are most certainly comments there! And they're basically what you see every time unschooling gets some new publicity, minus all the positive comments by unschoolers jumping in to tell people how wrong they are (there just aren't enough unschoolers in Montreal). And no, I didn't look at the comments to aggravate myself (though I must admit it does feel weird to have such venom directed specifically at us. It doesn't bother me as much as I thought it would, but it is weird...). I looked at the comments because I was curious if the reactions would be different than what I've seen in the past, since Quebec itself is pretty different from the rest of North America. For the most part, the reactions are the same, though there is a much stronger current of "these people will always be on the margins of society and will also be, *gasp*, RADICAL!" Evidenced by the fact I'm a radical anarchist hippie, because obviously one unschooler represents all unschoolers...
7 Annex “B” of Petitions; Id., 43-44.
I think the art of creating a believable historical or fantasy novel (or in this case both) lies in being able to evoke such a strong sense of time and place that the reader lives and breathes that world as naturally as they do their own. For this reader that is one of the greatest strengths of Gillian Philip's, Firebrand - I could smell the peat and wood smoke, I could inhabit the world so completely I felt the cold, and the earth beneath my feet, and I shared the pain and shed some tears.
Well thanks for popping by and checking out my children's work. I hope you can have as much fun helping your kids to create and play along too!!!
BonnFire Grill Restaurant – 1667 S. Highway 89
I took a look at the initial video – here are some first impressions:
She discussed everything from health care to domestic violence. She discussed the isms: racism, genderism, classism. And how we created them, so we can defeat them.
Looking for something to do this coming weekend? One of my favorite Saturday activities will begin again this week. The local Farmer’s Market will open and I will be there with my cup of coffee in hand exploring the spring vegetables, tasting some great food, looking for my favorite homemade pasta, and probably picking up some baked goods. They have to be healthier there right?
5-6 Bell Peppers (cut into bite sized pieces)
They tell you not to even touch it.
On a happier note, I thought they no longer made the Scratch N Sniff Valentines, but I did actually find them this year. Unfortunately, Runwild wanted Rapunzel Valentines. But, its ok......I've secretly got the scratch n sniff ones hidden in my night stand. After they go to bed, I'm going to scratch them and sniff them until they are only paper scented ;) Or until Princess Runwilder discovers them and takes them away from me....She's such a bully.
One Saturday, she called me on her way to the airport. She said I needed to find her another flight because she was running late. When I called her back with new flight details — 40 minutes and a thousand dollars later — she told me she managed to check in and hung up.
Gabe Galambos has travelled to many of the locales that appear in his espionage thriller, “Stealing Pike’s Peak” (Iuniverse, Writers Club Press), including to the Sudan. He was imprisoned there in 1983 for helping Ethiopian Jews reach Israel. He has recently completed a small town New England mystery tentatively titled, “The Nation by the River.” He works as a cardiac sonographer. He will read from his new manuscript, a small town New England mystery called “The Nation by the River.”
Marijuana is the most common illegal drug found in “impaired drivers and crash victims involved in ‘drugged driving’ accidents,” according to the Alcohol Drug Abuse Help & Resource Center website. The drug interferes with the cerebellum, which is the part of the brain that controls coordination, according to the center’s website. Legalizing this drug will do nothing more then increase the number of DUIs and fatal car accidents, as if Arizona needs higher numbers in that department.
And so I draw my sappy conclusion that the giant inflatable bounce house is serving as one giant inflated metaphor for me this week: letting go. I'll watch those little feet disappear for a little while. And after what will be a very, very long day, I'll watch him come back to me; I will take a deep breath, and do it all over again.
Apply New Measures
The recipe is actually for sauteed peaches, but we had over two pounds (thanks, Costco) of strawberries that were basically begging to be used, so I threw them in with the peaches. This recipe can really be tweaked for individual servings, larger servings - whatever you want, but it is delicious and ready in less than five minutes!
***There has yet to be the definitive Titanic movie for me though I have seen many excellent documentaries. The 1997 movie’s special effects were good, however, with so many rich, colorful, and true stories of the actual people who sailed on Titanic, I felt that this movie was a wasted effort in its made-up storyline. A sampling of some of the intrigue that was real life drama on Titanic:
Ink: cajun craze, early espresso
Yesterday was not quite that interesting for me but had increasing levels of unexpectedness. My blog yesterday morning was titled Guess The Name of the Comedian and the clue was that the un-named comic “does just sometimes use prostitutes. Mostly in Soho”. Interestingly, two other comedians suggested the self-same name to me. But they were wrong. This other now-famous TV comic whom they named clearly needs to do something about his image among his peers.
from Mexico
I hate saying that.
here is a little inspiration from me:
Employees of the Botswana Society for the Deaf say the deadline for them to be paid their wages for March and April has come and gone without any relief for them.
I have a round pie dish that is about 30cm in diameter, and needed the following rough quantities to make the pie pastry:
ODIs- 187, Runs- 6721, Avg- 47.00, 100s- 11, High- 189*
6. Name three blessings in your life.
The rhyme and rhythms and gory story of the poem are perfect for children.
I couldn’t see or measure what was going on over the weekend, but I could feel it. In fact, I was left trembling by it. I decided at the end of the weekend that I had to let go temporarily of my need for the solid facts on the science side of the equation. Science just isn’t there yet, but I believe it will be some day. Should I deny myself extraordinary experiences in the meantime? Nope. So, out of my weekend experience, this poem came through me to you.
My parents are visiting us this week from Las Vegas - yah! We spent Monday and Tuesday in Hilton Head and now we back at our house just hanging out. Honestly, I probably won't be getting much blogging done!
Bus stop billboards in the UK are using facial recognition technology to scan faces and decide whether the viewer is a man or woman. Located in London’s West End, the billboards are equipped with high-definition cameras that are used to scan passers-by’s facial features.
Helmet Camera For Off Road Use – What Makes A Helmet Fit To Use Off-Road?
Kristian Hewitt is not usually an advocate of refereeing decisions, but on this occasion he was willing to make an exception. “That is just dumb,” he said, shaking his head in reaction to his younger brother's yellow card. Having conceded a free-kick on the half-way line I attempted to prevent any initiative Durley hoped to gain from a quickly taken set piece by gently kicking the ball away towards our goal. Dan Allen had other ideas. At only seventeen he is still a little wet behind the ears. He got in my way, giving the ball straight back to Durley. “That's your fault, Dan!” shouted manager, Paul Dyke, in reference to Sam's booking. His voice, loud as a klaxon, managed to convey a sense of injustice at all times. Dan's naivety drew Sam Hewitt into the evasive action. Although his intention was no different from mine, his execution was weighty, sending the ball too far away and therefore rendering his strategy to slow things down obvious to all and sundry. That my greatest assets were acts of cynicism and gamesmanship said all that was needed about my contribution to the team. Unlike Dan Allen I have had plenty of practice to hone my craft.
Soon followed an "unbasting" session (is that a word ?) and now it's all quilted and soft and gorgeous.
A wildly flamboyant funk diva with few equals even three decades after her debut, Betty Davis combined the gritty emotional realism of Tina Turner, the futurist fashion sense of David Bowie, and the trendsetting flair of Miles Davis, her husband for a year. It's easy to imagine the snickers when a 23-year-old model married a famous musician twice her age, but Davis was no gold digger; she turned Miles on to Jimi Hendrix and Sly Stone (providing the spark that led to his musical reinvention on In a Silent Way and Bitches Brew), then proved her own talents with a trio of sizzling mid-'70s solo LPs.
Life doesn’t work like that. Wherever we are today is the result of a lifetime of choices. You know that eating a packet of donuts today will not cause you to be 5kg heavier on the scales tomorrow. However, making a habit of those donuts will eventually show up on the scales. Therefore, you can lie to yourself and say “see, those donuts made no difference, I can do it again”. Why not turn that right around? Start saying “see, that run made no difference, I can do it again”. Using the exact logic that got you into unhealthy lifestyle choices to get you out.
Today, I know a different child. Zane is eager to laugh, always joining in anyone's laughter as if he knows exactly what the joke was. He's affectionate with family and close friends, and he loves to "pay??" (That's "PLAY").
As mentioned above, warblers can be a difficult ID, and it can be easy to get complacent in calling each one a Yellow-rumped or Palm, when such high numbers are passing by. Today’s counters did log 13 warbler species, including 13 Cape May Warblers, 1 Blackburnian Warbler, 1 Blackpoll Warbler, 1 Prothonotary Warbler (only second Green Tower record?), and 1 Ovenbird. Today’s Yellow-rumps passed a milestone 2,000 for the year too!
The possibilities are endless for pizza. Add as much or as little as you like. Sometimes we just add a little sliced onion and few tomatoes and that does it. Just gives it a little bit extra to make it that much better.
I found these little plastic raisers for painting furniture at Ace Hardware recently. I thought they were a pretty genius, but simple, idea. They just lift whatever you're painting slightly off the ground (or whatever your surface is) so that you don't get the sticking that you do when you paint pieces laying on the floor or a dropcloth. Also, the point of the triangle makes a minimal mark, so you can go ahead and turn your piece over and paint it pretty quickly and you just have a teensy little dot to touch up later (if you want). This was the first time I'd tried them, and they were great!
not only does Jesus come down from heaven, live without sin, dies for our sin, rises as our saviour, ascends into heaven, and He opens a doorway into the presence of God and the Kingdom of God and invites us to come through it, by trusting in Him. Jesus is exclusive. not all religions save, not all paths lead to eternal life, not all religions are true. there is no salvation and no forgiveness of sins, no reconciliation with God, apart from faith in Jesus Christ. Jesus is exclusive and inclusive. He invites us ALL. no matter what sin you’ve committed, Jesus invites you. no matter what race you are, Jesus invites you. no matter how old you are, jesus invites you. no matter what you’ve believed up to now, Jesus invites you. the door is open. one door. His name is Jesus Christ. everyone is welcome to pass through THAT door. all nations, all genders, all ages, all peoples.
Satan, of course, wanted to foil Gods plan. Christ could not pay for the sins of mankind, if he sinned himself. So, Satan’s first plan of attack was to tempt, trick, and torment Jesus into sin. Jesus stood firm, and did not sin. With time growing short, Satan realized that his only option left was to kill the Son of God, and by killing him, having victory over Christ, and God’s plan for mankind.
Surprisingly, this blog has reached one hundred posts. I hope that sharing what has been On My Plate has added some pop, sparkle, and imagination to your own. I know that some faithful have tried a few recipes, a few devoted have made comments (although, I once read a statistic that the average blog reader never leaves comments...I am glad to know that I am sharing with people who aren't just average), some persuasive friends hound me when I don't post, and some even demand a mention now and again (here you go, Richie).
Eat directly on the street. Street hawker food can be the best Thai food, but visitors fear the conditions might not be hygienic. Actually, such places are probably more reliable that five star restaurants, since everyone sees everything the cook does.
And TV brings it all in our living rooms. I think this is one where you can “blame the media.” We shouldn’t be exposed to anything these people say, but here it is.
If you would like to read more about my process and day to day life then pop in and say hello on my blog. I'd love to hear from you. Check out Emma's blog HERE.
The new iPad with a resolutionary screen and a faster processor is a great product, an amazing tablet for everyone. Those who don’t have it yet are praising it the most but those who have it are reporting problems. Its been a week since Apple launched its new iPad and users are reporting overheating problems. Yes the iPad overheats. But not only that, there is another issue with this beautiful looking tablet (see i am praising it which means i DON’T have it), and its the connectivity problem.
or more
TOTAL 5,281
mother’s quiet call seeped into her consciousness. Despite the miles between them, her mother’s probing mind reached hers, long-tentacled thoughts grasping and prodding for a hold. Melusine blocked her mother out and sighed.
Please review the sidebar comments for complete details and some simple rules about this weekly challenge blog.
The young man would eventually marry.......
9. The ingredients label on a package of hot dogs
Picasso: "Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs." Well, he has dismissed proportion but that is only one part of the whole.
I have often wondered how things would have turned out for me had I actually gotten what I had specifically wished for – being released on 31 Oct 2005 instead of being sent to that glorious place of Pusat Serenti Gambang. There would have been elation, relief and excitement, that’s for sure. And I saw it on the faces of the other `lucky four’. But these would have been for an extremely short time. At least for me. In reality, there was practically nothing left for me then and this much-vaunted and desired `freedom’ was limited to just all those desires mentioned above.
Guan Eng’s Attempt To Save Self From Embarrassment – Tee Siew Kiong – Wednesday, 22 February 2012 00:15
So when I saw this book, I thought it could give a more human picture of Indian religion, and I was not disappointed. I had previously read William Dalrymple‘s From the Holy Mountain, and, as an Orthodox Christian I thought he managed to give a fair picture of Orthodox Christianity, so I hoped that he would give an equally fair picture of Indian religion, and that his biographical approach would give a reasonably accurate portrayal of what these religions mean to those who practise them.
Other Blawgs, Blogs, and Journals
Hey Jimmy, you should market an exercise video, “The Jim Labriola Ab Workout: Laugh Your Way to Great Abs”.
And, rising from the bed like a performing flea, he made for the door.
Knead all ingredients, ferment for 2 hours, folding once in the middle, shape, proof for 1 - 1.5 hours, bake at 430 degrees, 30-45 minutes (making allowances for large or small loaves).
Now, this isn’t to say that you skinny minnies don’t have “true” friends, it’s just to say that bigger people have to rely on their personalities to attract positive attention.
* It’s now £1.99 but still a steal!
Hello and welcome back to another Skipping Stones Sketch Tuesday! I neglected to post my card last week (it’s cold season, boo…) but I can’t wait to share the simple little number I whipped up with our fabulous sketch this week!
#2 singles: Conner Sexton defeated Tom Wynne (6-1) (6-3)
Tower Hamlets Council confirmed it had asked the police to investigate 10 cases of voter fraud in its area, but it revealed that 3,123 late applications have been received for postal votes and it has had too little time to properly check whether they are all genuine before the register closed.
I feel like I woke up with a cork on my head instead of a head. My face is so swollen, I look like the Beast from Beauty and the Beast. The underneath of my eyes is actually making contact with the frames of my glasses. Allergy season has come. I can’t gripe about this too much because I find that I am not afflicted with this at all when I choose to eat clean. I just have not been choosing to eat clean of late. I need to get on a better diet.
Here's another review of A Kind of Intimacy - this one from the Politico website. Shane Creevy, the reviewer, also interviewed me for the site - and if you skip past the swathes of my opining, you'll get to the last question, where I give a sneak preview into what Cold Light is going to be like.
You will be a Solutionary: young leaders who work to uplift local communities, build the green economy, and push for social justice.
Yesterday, or actually the day before yesterday, I caught a "special report" on CNN about conservative talk radio. The story was going to be told in parts, and the part that I caught was about the "anger" of conservative radio personalities and the "dangerous" way that they instill in their listeners a sense of anger and outrage (like we really need Rush for that). I always find it interesting that BO admonishes the right for "straw man" tactics while still using Bush as his own personal straw man every single time he gives a speech or "interview"; that he accuses the right of deceit and lies when it is he who is deceitful and lying; that he and his traitorous hoard point to the Tea Parties as examples of "violent mobs" while completely ignoring the fact that only the left has been violent (witness the G20 protests, peopled by white, middle-class youth who were violent and disorderly enough to warrant police in full riot gear!); that he accuses the right of using fear tactics while in the next breath warning of our imminent death and loss of our homes; that he points to conservatives as ill-informed racists, sexists, and homophobes when it is the left who are clueless and who rely on race, gender, and sexual orientation to "manage" the population; that he speaks of unity while actively working to ensure that there is a wide partisan divide peppered with stereotypes and myths about conservatives; that he speaks about the evils of Bush, his pet straw man, while retaining many of Bush's policies; that he preaches to the world about a country's citizens' rights to free speech and dissent while working to silence the people of his own country; that he preaches tolerance while fostering a climate of intolerance against anyone who does not tow the liberal line. Ugh, he is disgusting.
Freed of all life’s follies,
Arthritis There is compelling data that Essential Oils help reduce the swelling in those who suffer from Arthritis up to 36% in joints and muscles. It helps to activate ATP to burn more calories.
The media de-humanised him but refused him right of reply. An interview he gave to the BBC was edited by splicing together different parts of his interview to produce the opposite of what he had said. The interview was 30 minutes but only 93 seconds were used.
Here’s an estimate for the amount of soil you will need based on the size of the container you are using:
Discussing her role, Lauren says, “I play a girl named Rhea, whose a very talented and determined dancer but dancing for all the wrong reasons. Throughout the film she breaks free from the pressures of what everyone else wants and expects from her and finds her own passion and love of dance. Along the way her teachers and fellow dancers help guide her through this transformation.”
Instead of being repulsed by the self-destructive behaviour of others ask them, "How can I help you to heal?"
There you have it, folks. A simple, two pronged attack that will end the "War on Drugs". Not only will we eradicate the menace of addiction AND liberal commie ideology, but we will restore our Christian identity to boot. Obviously, this will lead to lower violence, crime, abortion, and tax rates.
I used my wee butterfly punch and added some pearls to their bodies.
Without further ado...
‘Your client was not injured enough to go to the hospital that night. You say he sought some sort of medical treatment the next day. Do you have those medical records that you can show us?’
Thankyou so much for visiting and your comments. I really appreciate it!
Hannah and Her Sisters (1986) as Elliot (First Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor)
Congratulations, Cely (Carolina Girl) entry #50 : : Your prize is three (3) digi's from the DS4J store (see the link in the side bar). Please email me (jen@jencraft.co.za) with your choices.
I did not only use a Magnolia image but also the Angel Wing and So Wrapped Lovely dies and some Magnolia papers. So I really nearly made a "Magnolia only" card.
Our youth need us to believe in them. They have the potential to be the next Dolores Huerta, Cesar Chavez, or even the next President Barack Obama. Join the Children in the Fields Campaign in supporting these amazing youth and find programs in your area that support farmworker children. Together, we can make a difference in the lives of these vulnerable children.
What is your best organizational tip?
The day after I arrived (one week after these family arrangements), my host sister, mother and I went to Khemisset for the weekend where Rashid lives for the official engagement party. It was similar to the one I experienced in my training site with my first host family. Many extended family members were there from both sides. For the first couple of hours, all the women sat downstairs drinking tea, eating snacks, and chatting while the men sat upstairs. Engagement arrangements were made and once finalized, my host aunts yelled out their high-pitched ceremonial screams and everyone came to congratulate my host sister. Singing, clapping, dancing and music followed. An elaborate dinner was served (genders still separated) and once everyone had stuffed themselves full of delicious food, the women went upstairs to join the men. Fatima-Zahra came up last and saw her finance for the second time ever. They awkwardly sat together on one couch staring down at the floor away from each other while gifts were presented to them (such as clothing, candy, and sugar). Henna was put all over my host sister’s hands and feet. Rashid’s mother then passed a huge wad of cash to my host uncle who stood-in as the head man of the family since my host father was away at work across the country. He counted the money aloud: 4,000 Moroccan dirhams, equal to about $500.
Because I'm switching energy companies, I was waiting for the final closure bill from my old energy provider with some dread. I thought I might be owing them all sorts of money because it had just been wintertime and an expensive time of the year. That bill came in the mail today and much to my relief, I'm getting a nice amount of money back that I can really use. The gods smiled kindly upon me.
I love traditional costumes especially Korean traditional dresses (Hanbok in Korean). I bought Gwen her first Hanbok when she was 18 months old from a Mummy who resides in Sabah.
Executive Chef
What was I to do?
In effect, the EO allows the federal government, directed by the President, to commandeer and control all aspects of the economy and the lives of all Americans. It centralizes control to an astonishing and frightening degree.
Last week he secured an injunction against internet giants such as Facebook and Google, stopping them from rebroadcasting or publishing the material.
Thank You, God, for the miracles of yesterday!
10. Ice-cream or popsicle stick?
The clover is blooming now that it’s getting hot. In the foreground is one of the plants we just call foxtails. I think this one is Hare Barley but I’ll have to take my weed book to the pasture to know for sure.
But I do love the snow! I don't drive in it, so I have no reason to not like it. I just look out the window and see how pretty it is in my subdivision. It's all going to melt away over the next few days though because it's going to be warm! You know, like 35 degrees instead of 2 like it's been the past couple of weeks. I guess we'll take what we can get during the winter!
Kage
After Clara departs, Muffy finds something from her disturbing childhood: a Jack-in-the-box toy. In a flashback, Muffy remembers the toy as a birthday gift. A sibling played a prank on her, by replacing Jack's head with a weird lizard-monster action figure head.
Here is a sneak peak of Sjors.
I follow his blog and I found this post particularly worthwhile to writers everywhere, and it wasn’t just because of the Everest simile…though that was the sealer for me.
It wasn’t until just now that I suddenly realized where the monkeys could have possibly gone. I need to look into it more, but we may finally be able to leave windows open from time to time. Shiva Shiva hey.
"Play It Again Sammo" (5/8/99)
The song continues
Equally as important are the people currently living in the hospital. The refugees living in the squalid, concrete construction are given the opportunity to describe and explain their hardship. Many of them, of course, were present throughout the years of the Lebanon conflict. It is here that the ‘before and after’ structure of the film gives each retelling of events a deeply emotional core – it’s one thing to see a man lose his son to war, but to witness how it has affected him 25 years on is something even more tragic.
I had stopped believing that democracy is the exercise of power was for Malaysia is good because it is the benefit of his people in their struggle for meaning, if this bill seems too idealistic reality hit me hard and when I found out quickly, as completed the, rally the ‘t won speculate a lot about the causes of the chaos happens except to say that among the theories of provocation and saboteurs were not favor able, no doubt, the act violently Bersih Many friends of my outraged that our contribution through the absurdity of these people will be ruined, not to get so far, I was in the brief that I had my ideal world Bersih designed to show our best and a case that democracy should work, even those who are cynical and expects a tough police presence would have reminded accounts Bersih 2 0 of the collective spirit and help people to each other in the face of danger, but is immortalized push for inciting violence and democracy, contrary to what many expected and hoped But as I kept my optimism has given way, I am convinced that democracy is what Malaysia must continue to fight and that we are peaceful, but when I briefly saw democracy as a vehicle for good in Malaysia, because if people drive responds the man today was an important need for a different reason for the Bersih 3 0, that the line between good and evil is not about party lines or to work against a cause line through the center of every human heart, without reducing the debt of Government and the police and even the most ardent proponents of Bersih was able to violence and hatred of the author CS Lewis said that democracy was necessary because “nobody can trust the unchecked power over his fellow men” In other words, we do not need democracy because we are good, but because they have fallen and the dilution of the imperfect power in the people of a nation is required to prevent another person or group that the platform to negate the pain that cannot be the potential for a good separation effect, but it is naive to think that we are incapable, each of a slow descent into corruption
“Ok. I come from a world that’s full of the kind of people you’d find in comics. But unlike those stories… That’s all we have there. We only accept people with special talents.”
It took me a while to get into Zola Jesus, but this one reminds me a lot of Madonna’s Frozen, and not just the video. It has a whole Dead Can Dance thing going on too, but in a very accessible way. I like the percussion, particularly towards the end.
Tom lives in Western Minnesota about 4 hours from La Crosse. We’ve kept in touch though Facebook and media, with Tom always expressing an interest to come and chum around the La Crosse area with me. This past year at the AGLOW convention in Iowa I ran back into Tom; and after seeing my pictures of the area and hear me talk to other AGLOW members about the Coulee Region, his desire to come here grew.
Good job Rel wasn't here to see the man smiling in the middle of a crisis. A Wildhawk was nothing to laugh about, but there was little in either Realm that could break Dagdan's cheer. She pointed over her shoulder at the cell and Van Raighan. "They're here for him. Don't blink."
The Body of the resurrected Christ was incomparably more spiritual than the incorrupt body of Adam before the Fall. Christ’s resurrected, spiritual Body was like the spiritual body that Adam was supposed to attain by ascending to God in Paradise. Likewise, the New Heaven and the New Earth will be incomparably more spiritual than the incorrupt creation before the Fall. Through Christ the New Adam, the renewed creation will be what it would have been if the first Adam had raised it to God.
The One Club New York approached Pollen to develop the conceptual and visual theme for the One Show Interactive Awards 2012.
Another lovely gorgeous image in the Greek line of images at Tickled Pink Stamps, which you can grab up on January 20th EDT. Do you prefer digi? Then hang in there until the middle of February when Kellie has her digi's on sale. I love that you don't have to wait. Nothing like instant gratification!
In the past year, right-wing politicians and residents of Ulpana – located on the outskirts of the Beit El settlement – have lobbied the government to legalize the homes. Last Friday, Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz visited the outpost.
Mail theft is one of the most common crimes being committed at present. Mail thieves can easily get into your personal data and steal your identity without you even knowing it. Your credit cards and other vital information can be at danger. All your important files that are sent via mail might be stolen from you and be used against you in different means. Ultimately, your reputation can be damaged – one thing that is quite difficult to bring back. This is why getting a secured mail is necessary.
The vast majority of the violence in the Bible is instigated by men, not by God. As for divine violence, I can only say that I wish there were more of it. This generation desperately needs one good Ananias and Saphira moment, a moment when God’s wrath is clearly and unmistakably shown to mankind. Of course, I don’t want to be the victim, and I don’t wish that sort of victimhood on anyone in particular. However, I do ask myself from time to time why Hugh Hefner has been allowed to live into his 80s. Wouldn’t society have benefited if God had wiped out Hefner and Larry Flint long ago in a dramatic display of divine judgment? We Americans are suffering from a lack of clearly divine retribution, not too much of it. The so-called wicked God of the Bible is more merciful than any of us, and we ought to thank him for it.
Reminds me, ever so peripherally, of an all-women event i attended a year or so back, which involved flash cotton and not a lot of body cover. All perfectly good natured fun – and quite impossible, i think, had blokes been present.
5) "Imagine a lush forest: silent but for the chirping of birds flying through a dense canopy overhead, and damp, aromatic earth underfoot. Now picture a mountain of incinerated trash, 12 million tons of what was once a toxic heap of rotting fish and vegetables, old clothes, broken furniture, diapers and all manner of discarded items." This describes a new project by architect Tadao Ando called the Sea Forest. The Sea Forest "will transform 88 hectares of reclaimed land, a 30-meter deep mound of alternating layers of landfill, into a dense forest of nearly half a million trees" in Tokyo Bay. Ando adds that it is also an experiment in climate-engineering, or weather control as the future of urban design: "not only will [the forest] become a refreshing retreat for stressed out city workers, it will also create a cool ocean breeze to sweep through the capital and cool its sweaty denizens in summer."
The Wall Street occupation has already succeeded in revealing the bankruptcy of the dominant powers – the economic, the political, media and security forces. They have nothing positive to offer humanity, not that they ever did for the Global South, but now their quest for endless profits means deepening the misery with a thousand austerity cuts.
The sale figures are in for Two Irish Lads and Nor All Thy Tears, and while I can’t retire in luxury they are quite gratifying indeed. Thanks you to all those who bought and read them. If you would like to learn more about any of my books, or to order copies, click on the specific cover below. Two Irish Lads and Nor All Thy Tears are available in both Kindle and Nook formats. Publisher’s price, $4.95.
Did this organization collapse under the weight of the quake and its aftershocks? Far from it. In fact, today it is probably stronger than at any time in its history.
NOTE: About the same as the number of grains of sand
Your BEST strategy, however, is to simply buy USDA 100% Organic products whenever possible, (as these do not permit genetically engineered ingredients) or buy whole fresh produce and meat from local farmers. The majority of the genetically modified organisms (GMOs) you’re exposed to are via processed foods, so by cooking from scratch with whole foods, you can be sure you’re not inadvertently consuming something laced with altered ingredients. When you do purchase processed food, avoid products containing anything related to corn or soy that are not 100 percent organic, as any foods containing these two non-organic ingredients are virtually guaranteed to contain genetically engineered ingredients, as well as toxic herbicide residues.
Crack 16 eggs and cook over low heat until you have soft, scrambled eggs. Salt and pepper to taste.
Each year I look forward to finding out who is in the Super Bowl, though I don't watch any other games, JUST so I can figure out what kind of food I will get to make (as I make my spread match the cities of the playing teams). This year it is pizza dip (as well as a few other New Yorkish Dips from the same site) and Lobster Rolls (made with 2 sad little lobster tails 'cause they were on sale and we needed to budget for the month) and Shrimp Skewers.
Millennial Behaviors and Higher Education Focus Group (Jam-Packed!) Richard Sweeney, New Jersey Institute of Technology focus group among Millennials, discussing these young people's characteristics: Direct, confident, inclusive and tolerant … Abstract thinkers, adaptive, organized and self-disciplined … READ LESS, digital natives/ gamers, want practical consumer choices and personalized/customized products … Impatient multi-taskers, experiential learners who seek balance in their lives. Focus group held among 12 college Millennials (born 1979-1994).
Now that the weather is turning from warmish to cool, I'm taking the time to knit. It's always a wonderful time of year, my favourite. Thank you for your visits during the week. I hope you enjoy the weekend.
The photos from Haiti show hundreds if not thousands of structures including the Parliament Building were gravely damaged. Here in Brooklyn, where many of the over 200,000 Haitians living abroad call home, there is an understandable thirst for the lastest information on the devastation. I imagine there's an increasingly pent up desire to be active and helpful in the aftermath. And that's what came to my mind after glimpsing the destruction in Haiti.
The weather has been cool here today and drizzling rain, which is tempting me to really get creative and start those layouts that are floating around in my head. Yesterday seen me a lil nervous as I had a interview for my job application at the school for a permanent position. I received fabulous news this afternoon that I have been successful in obtaining the position, so I'M OVER THE MOON :):):):):)
His lawsuit was filed in the Los Angeles Superior Court, where he described what he called various “logistical nightmares” and “technical failures” that occurred throughout his time at Current TV.
There was something more. Something about those days at the Texas State Fair. I mean to tell you! All I can tell you, my friend is that during all those years that we went to the State Fair of Texas I cain’t ever remember running into a nigger. Come now! Come now! Come now! But if you want to know the truth, we never thought about it. Where we lived, we never saw a black face, so when we went to the fair we didn’t think about it when we didn’t see a black face except for a few that worked there. I kaint believe I remember a single time, while a black man sang on the radio, which was broadcast over loudspeakers. Face it head on. They had their day at the fair, we had all the rest of the days. And there was somethin’ to the idea. Nigger day at the state fair? Nigger day was no different than the rest of the days at fair, except it was for niggers. No embarrassing situations that way. . And with signs tellin’ ‘em where they could go and where they couldn’t, there could be no mistakes. You hardly expected white people to drink out of the same water fountains or use the same toilets, would you? Take Lucky’s take on it. The first thing was it took most of the worry out of it. With “you don’t want no trouble” second. Someday and someday and someday. Someday it may be all different but at that time there was the way they lived, and the way we lived, and it was totally different. The truth was you had to keep niggers off the Ride and Laff. In there amongst creepy rats, snakes, and a vulture, we screamed and laughed, frightened by a real live sparrow that somehow got loose. Now we didn’t want no trouble.
"No point crying over spilled milk" he says, as he strokes her hair and fills her with his warmth and understanding.
We often post about brands we admire, many you have heard of. This next one could be the exception — unless you’re in the film/video industry, that is. Among these folks, the mention of a RED camera brings any discussion to a different level. Here’s why.
Maybe it's a problem with me, maybe I have no soul, but I don’t hate animals. I’ve had pets. I’ve watched them lick their balls and I’ve cleaned up their period from the lino (“Oooh she’s in season! How adorable!”) and called them a cunt when they’ve farted on me and I’ve thought to myself that they have got a pretty good deal. If I could shit in the garden and get away with it I would. If I could fart in the back of someone’s car and have everyone in stitches then I WOULD. But I can’t. Because I’m not a dog. And a dog is not a fucking person.
Contact: Helene, 06 36 20 36 86, feltgoood(at)hotmail.com
Running from the heat
You BAR attorneys are all drunkards drunk on debt, chasing Federal
On another whole subject, I think I'm going to start telling people Stella's name is Boom-chaka-laka-laka.
WRONG, old t-shirts are for gardening , painting, being gross, giving the dog a bath, putting in the trash, donating to Goodwill.
With the menu planner, what I will often do is plan out everything I'm making or bringing along first, then at the end of each section I make a note of what we'll purchase while out. It might be something like an ice cream, or slushy, or perhaps we've decided to picnic for lunch but go out for dinner... I make a note of it on the menu planner, then I can work it into the budget.
You wouldn’t have bouncin’ boobies if you don’t have music! Opening the TOR show on Thursday night was the fabulous Los Shimmy Shakers. Unfortunately this was also the last gig for their bass player (auditions going on now). Also an awesome guest vocalist was Scott Holderby. Not sure who shook the stage more….the gogo dancer or himself. It was a shame that he only graced the stage for a song.
· 0.25oz Mint Syrup
Multi-player cards (MP)
Before you begin reading: What do you think the disciples did with the “12 baskets left over” when Jesus fed the 5,000? …
"We Gotta Get Out Of This Place" by Eric Burdon and the Animals
HMANA’s new HawkWatch Fund took flight this spring and it was a huge success.
On Blu-ray™ with UltraViolet™, DVD and Blu-ray/DVD Combo Pack January 10th
For starters, the characters were shrill, one-dimensional and annoying. There was so much screaming and shrieking, I had to hold my finger poised over the volume control lest I blow out my TV's speakers and my ear drums simultaneously. The fact that these paper-thin characters continued to film everything was even harder to swallow here than in most movies of the same ilk. You know when most people stop recording? When they're climbing over severed, flaming appendages to get themselves to (relative) safety.
Twirly goodness! I realized after I saw all the colours in daylight that the pattern's "turquoise" is actually more of a green, but whatever. It all goes!
Contrary to all the nonsense promulgated by web hustlers, not only are teens not abandoning television, but...
I just got dumped today, and I never even went on a date with this guy, and I wasn’t in a relationship.
*NOTE: For the purpose of this article, my use of the word Church, includes all denominations, all those who have called on the name of Jesus for salvation. The use of the word church, will be replaced with local assembly or local congregation.
Hail to He Who Is Lord of Hosts–Rejoice! You are praised!
Marvel at the neon lights, dancing water soaring 240 feet high, laser beam visible from space, erupting volcanoes, and the throng of people coming up, down and over the Strip.
na mat-pra<U+1E47>ita<U+1E41> na para-pra<U+1E47>ita<U+1E41>
Let us first begin with the “Doctor fix,” which is a $208 billion spending measure to restore the reimbursement rates for doctors who treat Medicare patients. If it isn’t passed, the current rate – which already leaves hospitals and many doctors losing money to treat Medicare patients – would be slashed by an additional 21 percent. It simply has to be fixed, or doctors and hospitals will quit treating Medicare patients.
But there is that subtextual fear of aging working strange magic: the smearing the lens with Vaseline and deep color washing makes all the girl's faces glow in an airbrushed blur that lights them up in the dark. It can only be some stipulation in the Cox contract, but the message is clear - no one knows the difference between movie and real life anymore, even inside the movie itself, and the high color style gloss underwrites a miraculous disconnect that helps people hide from their own aging or sense of self-preservation. They even cheer bloody movies based on their own future deaths; like a man cheerfully devouring his own foot and working his way along the digestive ouroboros centipede until all that's left is a desert snifter of credits and theme crunk.
I am still in the process of reading all of your posts. If I haven't made it to your blog yet, it will happen I promise.
A few juicy snippets from the accounts of Res Publica, the ‘think tank’ set up by the portly protagonist, Phillip Blond, in the glory days of the Tory election campaign. Blond, you may recall was doling out large dollops of economic and social advice to David Cameron – big society, locality, family, moral economy, virtuous elites, common popular customs.
This year, an image has been forming insistently in my mind whenever I'm sitting at the Ancestor altar:
Michelle Obama thinks it is her business you are fat and we need a national health program. And they just tried to ban kids working on family farms.
If ever you are in Red River, New Mexico, and are hiking alone in the woods, keep an eye out…..you never know who or what may be lurking around the next corner.
When he realised she was soon going to float beyond his sight, he leaped at last, only back up, not towards freedom.
Houghton Mifflin
U.S. DATES
There were some great characters in this book. Anna was awesome, and I found it really strange that I was rooting for a mass murderer. But it was all about the way she was written. She was flawed, but she was real. The story behind her murder really got to me. That scene was incredibly intense by the way. I was upset. I have this thing about realistic violence. I don't like to read about it, I don't watch movies with it in it, and if I had known about it beforehand, I would have prepared myself. But I got through it.
Personally, it’s a bit insulting! Then again, I still read the books, so I guess that something is working… Thoughts?
Business can also establish credibility, integrity and a degree of trustworthiness, merely by interacting with a niche portion of the population on-line. Obviously it needs to be in a positive and helpful manner, which will help yield the results that companies are striving for. Nonetheless, a companies’ approach is generally dependant on their particular organizational mantra and overall goal structure.
In the wake of a tragic boating accident that killed her friends, 16-year-old Miranda is consumed by guilt. She has no memory of how she managed to survive the crash, only the murky dreams of a strange boy in the dark water. Her only refuge is in the late-night swims she takes alone— until one night on the beach when she meets Christian, a boy who seems eerily familiar, but keeps many secrets.
I was a little unsure of what to make with leather. I have never worked with it before. Then I saw my Sharp Crochet Hook and *ding*...I thought I'd try crocheting through leather and what do ya know? It worked! I am loving how this cuff came out and hope you do too!
Here is a really funny song on YouTube by the talented Pat Pepin about boon docking at Wal-Mart. If you haven't already seen it, take a moment to watch... its great!
Paloma
Point being... always give your story a rest and then go back to it fresh. You will usually see things you can make better.
Any regiment ending its move in contact with an enemy regiment is by definition charging. Regiments can only charge enemies that are in its LOS at the start of their activation. Charge contact can only be made with the front side of the charging regiment’s base, against one of the target’s sides (any side, just not a corner). Neither the rear, nor sides, nor any corner of the charger can be used to contact an enemy regiment. A regiment must stop at least 1cm away from an enemy if it cannot charge it. It is perfectly normal to pivot after moving in contact with an enemy using a corner, if the regiment has enough Speed left (“closing the door” move in other wargames rules).
ABSTRACTS – We are currently requesting submissions of abstracts for the papers that will be given at our next conference. Abstracts of accepted papers will be published in advance on the conference website so that delegates can prepare questions/comments. Writers who would like ongoing feedback should contact the Reading Panel.
16/08 12:00 W 20 Kilometres Race Walk Final
Other homemade gift ideas include scrapbooks, embellished photo frames, mix CD's, or a decorated t-shirt. There are also the semi-homemade kinds of gifts, such as a collection of art supplies or craft materials. The point is that it isn't about the money, and it isn't about fulfilling the specified, predetermined wishes of the birthday child. Being frugal doesn't have to seem like being thoughtless; in fact, it can be significantly more thoughtful. And in the time you would have spent braving the toy store (and your own child's inevitable desire to get something for herself while you're there), you can sit down with your child and spend some time thinking about her friend.
store, and maintain the knowledge, skills, and special equipment that would enable you to do at least one third-world job. If you are a similar, then you are already set. If you are a derivatives trader,
My lucky number dress. This dress was actually started either third or forth, but got put on hold for the other dresses, since I was having difficulty with it. This look was inspired by Tori Amos's Bouncing of Clouds--the shoe's model name is in fact "cloud"-- and Father's Son, which I choose to think of as a girl being her father's son since she has no brothers, and thus conjures up images a sporty but sweet girl. I love how she always manages to inspire me, since I like mess up the lyrics to some of her songs to work for me. Mishearings that I refuse to correct, in this case, "So it ends so it begins/I'm my father's son./Plant another seed of hate/in a trusting virgin gun [girl]." I switched "gun" from the original lyrics with "girl" and refuse to switch back since it would ruin all my lovly images of the song, and I'd have to create new ones. Probably why I tend to sing the most depressing songs with the hugest smile on my face... (Come on people, you didn't think I was through obsessing over Tori so soon?) And oo! Linkin Park has a new album coming out on the fifteenth. The snips on their website sound different from their previous albums, but it still sounds like it's Linkin Park. This is officially the best ambiguously defined period of consecutive time ever! I fear the backlash of the worst ambiguously defined period of consecutive time ever, but shall ignore said fear until said backlash occurs.
“You might say I’ve overdone it, but I’ve sent those two.” “The Snow Mountain Hitmen- Yeti COOL BROTHERS”
So I think I had an evening that qualifies as one of the really bad ones last night.
Busy with the day’s work
Okay so we didn’t go to Scotland but we went to a Scottish festival. I know that travel will more than likely be limited to the good old USA for my kids. So taking advantage of heritage festivals might be as close as they get to go somewhere foreign.
In heavy saucepan, combine sugar, flour, salt, and milk. bring to boil over
Well, I had to enter...who wouldn't want a ornament of their pup, right!
Did Not Start
I only really approach other people once I've started writing. When I'm coming up with storylines I don't talk to anyone else. I want them to be purely from my own mind. Other people are good for editing purposes, but I don't let them near the stories themselves.
I believe ranking sites like Klout for Twitter and PinClout for Pinterest only add fuel to the fire. I will admit that I checked my Klout score after hearing of it; and, it was a little disheartening. For those studying or practicing social media, a low Klout score can yield a negative effect. Everyone wants to make an impact; but, maybe we should focus on who we impact. Scott Adams said, “You don’t have to be a ‘person of influence’ to be influential. In fact, the most influential people in my life are probably not even aware of the things they’ve taught me.”
Élie Ducommun died at the age of seventy-three of a disease of the heart and lungs.
More Facts
Article 1 A people's court will and shall accept the following civil disputes over copyright:
I love my baby, but I'm pretty much convinced at this point that she's trying to break down my sanity.
It is who they are.
We've already picked a winner by random generator and are awaiting confirmation of sale from Books of Wonder. We will announce the winner on Monday of next week.
10. With Two Fists
I’m deathly afraid of heights, so this one is not for me, but I hear the views are enchanting from the top. The Ferris wheel is located at the place de la Concorde; the cost is 5 euros for kids under 10, and 10 euros for the rest of us geezers. Read more here. Enjoy, brave souls!
Once we recognize that Davis at some early stage was evidently sympathetic to Rolly's offbeat interior design, we may be able to go back and visualize, at least a little bit, what the Stretching Gallery masterpiece might have looked like. Yale built a half-inch scale model of the elongating room and suggested to Rolly that he design the stretching portraits. Rolly did produce some sketches, but later on Marc wasn't satisfied with them and replaced them with his own. Despite that loss, I think that Davis's beautiful concept artwork may give us a hint of what might have been. It's certainly weirder than what we ended up with. In fact, if you ask me, the one item in the sketch that looks slightly out of place is the Davis portrait! Is that because the essentials of this design came from elsewhere?
To Deleuze, the plain of immanence is something that must be actively constructed and does not per-exist. It is something that can emerge through the on-going development on multiple bodies without organs, or in other words, bodies such as art, politics, sex, and science that have unlimited potential for expansion, development, and exploration. It is through their overlapping and co-existence that would create what Deleuze refers to as a “multiplicity of immanence” (Deleuze and Guitarri, 157). Whether the bodies are the correct ones, if a correct one even exists, is irrelevant. As he puts in in the very beginning of the chapter, a body without organs is already “accomplished the moment you undertake it” (Deleuze and Guattari, 149).
“Please, no, please!” pleaded Olivia.
We popped into this bar, located on Polk St in Russian Hill, for a quick half – Sierra Nevada - and to pick up a T-shirt for my brother in law as he wanted a new one; he and my sister got very drunk in that bar last time they were in San Francisco. It’s a pleasant locals bar, a dark interior with a pool table and run by a young friendly couple.
There wasn't much snow, but we stuffed Rowan into his snow suit anyway and wrapped him into the carrier for walks in the frigid cold. When the wind bit my cheeks, I'd bury my face into sleeping Rowan's hot hood like the lucky mama I am.
Add peppers, onions, parsley, and tomatoes.
the Divine resolution, the sublime and humble solution
With quivering for pleasure’s sake,
This time it’s for real
So I put together a little movie to celebrate our little ones first year of life.
Over the course of time, my life has changed significantly from that hot West Texas afternoon. I left the ranch and saw the world. I became a successful researcher, executive, and entrepreneur. On this journey I faced many trials and challenges. Challenges, problems, and crisis that would terrify you, that would make you give up all hope, and that would rob you of your joy. Invariably when faced with such challenges, with such great fears, I would always go back to the day of that Barbeque, and remember that snake.
I can be one of those 'fluffy gamers'. Doesn't mean I I don't sometimes stumble into a powerful army build or combination, I don't want to like stupid things, I just tend to by nature. To clarify, I don't think they are stupid, but the more competitive of gamers out there might pose questions about the teams, forces, and armies I gravitate toward with "Why not take X?" or "Beta would be a lot more effective than your Gamma." etc. But these suggestions invariably break the theme, the fluff, or the sheer goofiness of what I have in mind. And I'm left wondering how they could suggest these changes: like people who want to put mushrooms on pizza: I know it's common but it is just so wrong. And let's not even approach the taste bud imbalance required to want pineapple or BBQ sauce on pizza. Or Corn. Do you know that it is common to put corn on pizza in Belarus? To be fair though, I don't think anything called pizza there should count as pizza other than the home made pizzas I made there. OK, this is going off topic, as Pizza will tend to impose.
sated by his manic insistence and with
My Winnipeg
To illustrate:
Metabolism is the sum of all the chemical reactions that occur in a living cell in order to provide energy for the organism to do important things like breathing, digest food, sleep etc. There are two ways that these reactions can occur;
Okay, I promise not to stay away so long this time... did I make it up with all my "love" projects? Sort of? ;;)
Anyway, hopefully some of these techniques help, and if you guys have questions, feel free to leave them in the comments section, and I will answer them there!
Today I’m thinking about teaching beginners yoga. I am wondering why there aren’t any yoga teachers pounding down my door to ask to teach beginners at my studio? Perhaps they do not understand the value of this. Perhaps I don’t understand the value enough to share it!
Between the middle of that night before the high Priest and Sanhedrin and the forenoon of the next day when Jesus was nailed to his cross, every one of these laws was broken. Our Lord not only was falsely accused, he was then struck and spit upon by members of the court.
- Please do not send cash by mail.
6 April 1829
As a reward for following the rules, we are granted freedoms, maybe even pocket money, and certain "rights". Our rights do not inherently exist because of our own existence but because of the existence of the government that grants them.
I was one of those hippies who avoided liquor in favor of junky red wine, and didn't have my first martini until I was in my 30s.
I think those who are interested in these volumes will read every word and spend hour after hour enjoying the journey through them.
There was no magic font of creativity that bestowed creative super powers on the people who lived there. There were just alot of already talented people who happened to congregate in a place where they could escape prohibition and censorship.
As per his usual, Woody Allen provides one more couple at the apex of marriage and finds conflict in that universal clash between security and passion. Hollywood screenwriter and wannabe novel writer Gil Pender (Owen Wilson) with his fiancée Inez (Rachel McAdams) have accompanied her parents to Paris and the excursion shows up their differences in a most prickly manner. She's all about shopping for expensive items, while he wants to take midnight walks in the rain. Indeed, he loves Paris so much he wants to move there, an idea she rejects like he's completely crazy. Meanwhile, she becomes impressed by a conceited, know-it-all professor (Martin Sheen), who precludes every pontification with "if I'm not mistaken," the satire being that his enlightenments are usually untrue. One evening at midnight, dismayed by the way his life is taking, Gil wanders off around Paris and ends up being lost. As he sits down to pull himself together, an antique car drives up and…
False equivalency is practiced by the “liberal” mainstream media, but conservatives are the prime beneficiaries. Hiding behind the idea that both sides are at fault, Republicans ignore the fact that gridlock in Washington is mostly their responsibility. If voters can spread the blame, they will exert less pressure on the GOP to move back to the center. Democrats often find themselves torn between the party’s more liberal, Occupy-type base and the vast majority of more moderate voters, but for all the talk of the Santorum-Romney split in the GOP, the real Republican rift is between the extremists and the ultra-extremists. The Tea Party tugs to the right a party that has already moved far from the center. Case in point is the frequency with which Obama – who has been silent on gun control, can’t seem to “evolve” on gay marriage, and caves on regulation of greenhouse gases – is labeled a socialist. Some socialist: his health care plan was the brainchild of the Heritage Foundation, cap-and-trade once attracted the support of John McCain, and the specter of bank nationalization devolved into a multibillion-dollar handout to Wall Street.
Ich habe diese Lucia Tilda von Magnolia verwendet. Die Papiere sind von My Mind´s Eye. Irgendwie wirkt die Karte auf dem Foto etwas eigentartig - in echt sieht sie viel schöner aus!
Somewhere in there I graduated from college, got my first job, got my much better second job and then got my bestest third job. Then I got divorced. I dated some losers before finding the love of my life...and then we had a kid.
Zaatar Days, Henna Nights ~ by Maliha Masood (Egypt, Syria, Jordan, Turkey)
- Laundering and packing clothes for David and M
30 body
I never get tired of this Italian chandelier I have in my dinette,
I loved Trent's score for The Social Network last year (by the way, I should mention that he works on his scores with Atticus Ross, they are also bandmates in How To Destroy Angels). But Dragon is on a whole other level. I haven't read the book, but when I do, I will be playing the score -- it really adds to the film, and is almost its own character.
For those of you interested in Would You Read It (or simply in learning how to write a good pitch) there was an excellent post on Cheryl's blog: How To Pitch Your Book. The post uses a novel as an example, but it can easily be applied to picture books. If you follow the basics rules, it will help you come up with a beautiful 3 sentence pitch. Just right!
I hope that you will mark The Shabby Tea Room to your favorites and become a follower too! I'm offering a launch prize to one lucky follower ... all you have to do is become a follower of this blog to earn a chance to win! Become a follower of The Shabby Tea Room and my personal blog, Simple Treasures (see sidebar), and earn TWO chances to win! I'll hold this contest open until the end of our first week's challenge - 3/21/10. Be sure to leave me a comment here so that I know to enter your name for the prize! Thanks in advance for following and good luck to all!!
Slice horizontally the cooled down cake into four, if you have baked in one 9"pan, or slice each cake into two if you have baked it in two 6" pans. Sandwich the layers with the prepared filling and refrigerate for about 20 minutes before frosting it with the ganache.
Professor: That’s right. Tell me son, is there evil in this world?
To my mind, the most inspired portrait ever done of Cleopatra is the one painted in 1888 by J.W. Waterhouse. I am going through a bit of a Waterhouse phase, and have blogged about his fabulous paintings of Adonis, Ariadne, Circe, Hylas, Narcissus and Orpheus. Waterhouse was famous for painting dewy-eyed nymphs and nubile girls.
“Mr. Smith?”
Nin’s stories, on the other hand, are brilliantly balanced, progressing steadily in their long waltz to culmination. In “Artists and Models,” (an 8500 word story from the collection, Delta of Venus) she wrote:
We've had a number of health issues in our home - mostly the normal childhood illnesses. Danielle was a very healthy baby and toddler. She didn't even get a cold until after she was a year old. As a preschooler, she dealt with a few bouts of Reactive Airway Disease Syndrome and now as a teen has occasional sinus trouble, but over all is fairly healthy. Emily was just the opposite. Her food allergies and asthma brought us quite a few sleepless, worried nights. She also gave us a scare with an inconclusive Cystic Fibrosis test that lead to more tests which neither confirmed nor ruled out CF. That was nearly 10 years ago and since she's never exhibited any symptoms other than the ones that prompted the test in the first place, we've all but forgotten about the abnormal test results. Derek's respiration trouble as a toddler/preschooler likely stemmed from the RSV he contracted at two months. He has a few other issues, but I'm going to touch more on that in another post. Last is my Anna, who like Danielle, is a pretty healthy kid. We did have one big scare with her too - back when she was still nestled in my womb. Because I was the ripe old age of 35, my OB deemed me an "older expectant mother" and sent me to the hospital for a special ultrasound that she couldn't do in her office. The radiologist first pointed out that my baby was a girl, and then told us that he found a cyst in her brain. I think that I was supposed to be afraid at that point, but I simply refused to believe that there was anything wrong with my baby. Not even when he mentioned the scary term "Trisomy 18" and gave us a very brief description of what that was. Then he zoomed in on her little hand - which was stretched open - and explained that children with Trisomy 18 do the opposite. They clench their hands. That was all I needed. I refused the ammio for personal reasons and instead opted to go back for another ultra sound several weeks later. By then the cyst had disappeared.
Size: 2 x 0.10 oz
powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual
The damage done to the brand in this particular instance may not be of much significance; the Oaksterdam University has stated that it will re-open immediately. But it drives home the very real message that cannabis is still illegal in the USA, and its governmental approval will not be gained through the guise of a taxable business, however much this ought to be rewarded in a capitalist society. It seems therefore that the war on drugs is far from reaching an end and the absurd contradiction between Federal and State law is still causing problems for patients and businesses alike.
The passion fruit is actually so bright and fruity, it will take you to a balmy tropical place. Say, Martinique. C'est vrai!
But I have chosen to write about it in hopes that it may help some of you and bring you to an awareness of a condition some of you may be experiencing now, or in the future.
Ø If: Presupposes that you may not.
The finish was long, but light and fresh with some leesy complexity.
Japanese Microbreweries
Children from the ages of 7 and up will love this new hard cover book in this comic book series. The story is adventurous and provides lots of historic bits throughout concerning the printing presses and Johannes Gutenberg. The story stays true to the series and is filled with Geronimo’s humor and wit. Fans of comic books will love the detailed illustrations that Papercutz is known for providing.
I suppose there is a rock scene just a few cities over. I guess there are stars on the streets downtown. There are maybe some important modernist buildings just sitting around, including the Wright in need of restoration and maybe even a few Eames. There’s a Nara and some Chihuly and a couple other beautiful things (I’d like to steal) in the city museum. And I guess the statues of of Sonny Bono and Lucille Ball mean that they lived here at a time.
What do you do when you have hurt someone and cant change things?
How To Use :
The Magical LED Dance Floors
in which I dream intensely
***Fun pastime for trying to understand the homobigoted perspective: step 1: find at least one video involving same-sex intimacy as suit your comfort level – even just a clip of Mitchell and Cameron (Modern Family) kissing will do fine. Step 2: find a similar number of videos from movies depicting catastrophic disasters – things like 2012 or The Day After Tomorrow are ideal. Step 3: watch all of the videos in alternating order – one from the first group, followed by one of the terrible repercussions depicted in the second group. For bonus subtext, follow a lesbian kiss with the bit from Return of the King when Sauron’s giant mighty tower fractures and explodes. Step 4: realise with growing horror that some people may actually believe that this is a legitimate concern. Step 5: realise with even more horror that there are definitely people with serious sociopolitical power who want you to believe this is a legitimate concern because it will keep you distracted while they steal everything you own, and sometimes they are succeeding.
“The more people do this, the more radically the context of healthcare changes,” says Gary Wolf, one of the movement’s spokespeople. “I find that the most interesting tools are those that give us the chance to reflect on who we are.”
Kansas is big enough for the intensity of my emotions. She stares right back at me. She doesn’t feel sorry for me. She just lets me be.
Runners Up - 5 Winners will receive a $500 Shopping Spree!
I’m currently dreaming of a dining room makeover and saving up to buy flooring, wainscoting, paint, furniture and accessories for the room. You know, just everything. The room is sadly empty right now:
I have been thinking a lot about water lately. After rereading the Mistborn series and the different ways that metals were used to create three different and distinct magic systems that are similar, I was thinking about the different ways in which water could be used to create power — as water wheels turning gears, a very rudimentary way of getting things done; as steam power, which is more sophisticated, but has the drawbacks of needing water to turn into steam; and then as hydroelectric power. I am still figuring out how I would use these three elements of water in my world, but this is a start. We’ll see where it goes from here.
And all along the pathways, echoing between the trees,
I don't go to many yard sales. I liked to go when the kids were young and gas wasn't so high. I enjoyed looking for bargain clothing for them when they were little - and not so picky about what they wore and got dirty outdoors. However, there was an ad in our local paper that caught my eye this weekend, in the midst of all the goodies listed were the words "stamping up" . Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....... I decided the weather was great so it might be worth a drive early the next morning. I had a few errands I could do while out anyway.
It actually is square but yet again, I'm a horrible camera-holder. It now has the binding on it (applied by machine... baaaahahahahahaaaaad Lisa) and it is hanging over my thread racks in the studio. Shattered seems like a good name for it, yes?
1.) Place onions into a medium pot, and lightly brown.
While I woke up too early (6) it was ok. I got up and made myself some coffee. I sat here on the couch and was soon followed by my 10 year old son & then thejerseyshoredad. I then took my coffee & my kindle and went back to bed.
The image is coloured with Distress Inks.. I had to make a mix of colours to make the perfect colour for the dress.. I think I did it pretty well.. :)
I repeat, archaeology is one of the most important fields for the understanding of ourselves, and better yet, the betterment of ourselves, so that we may have better and brighter futures.
Some of the notable new courses offered to the students this year include -Financial Engineering, Managing Entrepreneurial Firms and Family Business, International Marketing, Retail Management.
I know I got a lot of exercise the last few years,...... just getting over the hill.
“Yes. If I knew beforehand, I wouldn’t have accepted it,” he replied reflectively.
2. What is your favorite dish that your Mom makes?
@ It is what it is: to me personally, delivery is a means to an end.
Elizabeth is hilarious. Seriously, she makes me laugh all the time. It's not like she's trying to be funny - she's just at SUCH a fun age where she's learning and exploring and developing her personality exponentially every day. She's starting to walk more on her own. Still, every time she stands on her own she lets out this tarzan-esque triumphant yell to alert us to her accomplishment. She's learning to nod and shake her head appropriately. Yesterday, she was hitting the (glass) tv stand with something and I said "Elizabeth. No" And shook my head. She looked over her shoulder at me, grinned, and awkwardly nodded "YES" twice and then continued to hit the stand. It was way too cute. I went and took her weapon away all the while laughing and telling her how cute she was. Mixed messages? Not at all.
The Federals opened fire on the city, filled with women and children. This bombardment lasted for several day, but caused little damage. Col Autry was killed in battle on Dec 31 1862 and his body was returned to his home in Holly Springs
I thought I would share the card anyway since its done and my eldest says I should embrace my off days too (which is proof positive of her affinity for fortune cookies).
Going back to my cashier's job, however, has made me feel totally worthless. Maybe it's because the writer I was working for one afternoon a week is off researching a book, so there's nothing cultural to balance out my week. It might also be because I recently saw a friend who did a similar masters to mine in the states publish an article in preparation for a presentation at a conference ("Facebook: making you even more depressed than you already are since 2004").
JOSEPH RIIPPI is the author, most recently, of the novella A Cloth House and poetry chapbook Treesisters. His novel Do Something! Do Something! Do Something! was published in 2009, and his story collection, The Orange Suitcase, was released in 2011. His work has appeared in a wide range of venues, including The Collagist, BOMB's Word Choice, Tin House Flash Fridays, Pank, Elimae, NANO Fiction and The Brooklyn Rail. A Seattle native, he now lives with his wife in New York City.
The answers to the simple and rational question are equally simple and rational: by stopping, or virtually stopping, further inflow, and by promoting the maximum outflow.
And... it's still fucking perfect out here.
Actual long run mileage of 181.1 miles (through week 3). If I run 10 miles next week (as planned), I will have run 191.1 miles or 77% of the prescribed mileage. (Last year, I ran a total of 174.1 miles on my Sunday long runs.)
I sing my song
The “Manoj and Babli case”, as it came to be known, received much attention, not least because the sessions court’s order seemed to send a strong signal to those who felt they could get away with such murders in the name of honour. The case successfully mobilised public opinion against honour killings. Women’s organisations hailed the verdict, which they hoped would act as an effective deterrent. Led by the All India Democratic Women’s Association (AIDWA), the women’s groups also demanded a comprehensive law dealing with honour-related crimes, and the Centre, too, began contemplating seriously the merits of such a law. For Manoj’s widowed mother, younger brother and sister, the verdict was a positive step in securing justice.
We want to see Chickey Cantor in the game – posted more than one user in the game’s forums. A small but insistent voice was starting to make itself heard. Make her a mascot, a character, another announcer. Have her give super-powerful eggs. People were having a lot of fun with the whole chicken-themed story.
So far the Cayman Islands has been the location of a around two dozen movies, short films and TV shows including the blockbuster The Firm, as well as home grown director Frankie Flowers’ Haven and of course who could forget the celluloid masterpiece that was The Cayman Triangle.
“We were almost getting flak for tweeting on work time,” Shearing says. A few months later she received a growing audience award from the Rochester Information Center for her Twitter presence.
400 meters in 2:05 = 8:22/mile = 7.2 mph
Despite Wilder's involvement, The Hitmen's material remains unissued on CD, and there appear to be no plans in the pipeline to rectify this. This is an odd way to treat the material of a pivotal member of a globally successful act, but hopefully the below tracks will assuage people's curiosity.
Like everyone else, I like to dress fashionably and, frankly, have not given it much thought. Jessica Wolfendale and Jeanette Kennett have and the result is an interesting book, Fashion—Philosophy for Everyone ($19.95, Wiley-Blackwell, softcover). This is not one of your usual fashion books on what’s hot and what’s not. It is a serious look at the subject by two scholars, an Assistant Professor of Philosophy at West Virginia University and a Professor of Moral Psychology at Macquarie University in Sydney, Australia. Together they explore the strong connection between fashion and the aesthetic of an era, the difference between the servile and sensible fashionista, the politics of individual style and fashion choices, and much more. It is a book for the intellectual fashionista and, believe it or not, a lot of fun to read. What I know about woman’s fashion you could put in a bug’s ear, but fortunately Dr. Jennifer Baumgartner, a practicing clinical psychologist and wardrobe consultant has written a book to help the fashion-challenged in time for the new spring line. You Are What You Wear: What Your Clothes Reveal About You ($16.00, Da Capo Press, softcover) provides insights into the way your choices reflect inner struggles, fears, desires and dream. Her book’s nine chapters diagnose nine distinct shopping complaints and wardrobe mistakes from failing to dress one’s age to being a slave to labels. For anyone who approaches the purchase of new clothes either buying and spending too much or with a certain sense of dread, this is definitely the book to read!
Off I went in search of other mobiles that fit the cute/hand-made + functional formula. My first stop was Etsy of course where I was not disappointed.
him.
I thought I was the last von Niederhoffentanger
I am the Advocacy Coordinator at St. Anthony Foundation. Once, after introducing myself as St. Anthony's Advocacy Coordinator, I asked a group of high school aged volunteers if any of them knew what advocacy was. One young man raised his hand and said, "isn't that when you, like, don't have sex, or something?" I don't know if he was thinking of "abstinence" or "celibacy" - he surely wasn't thinking about advocacy.
When coming up with awesome cool SF tech OF THE FUTURE, it’s tempting to start by looking at all the cool things that exist now and then extrapolating them out to their logical conclusions. In the future we’ll have the internet ON STEROIDS! And screens in your contact lenses! And everyone will have a rocket pack! Robots will do everything! Virtual keyboards! Hover cars!
As to what can be performed and shown there are no guidelines. The idea is that if something comes up that is offensive to someone that we all be open to discussing it. Mostly we want to encourage all types of artistic expression. The next event is in June. To find out more look us up on Facebook and find the group.
Stage 2: Develop a wordless book based on the Born to Fly storyline and distribute it to kids worldwide. Why wordless? So we don’t have to translate it into hundreds of languages—saving thousands of hours and dollars.
I had considered for quite a long time finding a skilled Physical Therapist to address the pelvic floor issues but for various reasons felt that I wasn't sure about the effectiveness in regards to the cost. I wanted to learn more before I made that investment.
I walk by my dad, who is surrounded by other fathers of Irish building stock. Their thick arms and tanned body’s lent over the static tea and sandwiches.
- Shift your focus off of self-condemnation. When our conscience relentlessly condemns us, remember that Christ will have the last word. He is judge of the living and the dead (1 Peter 4:5) and only he can pronounce the final sentence. Christ is the judge — not us or our conscience. So never for a moment dare to take the judge’s place by proclaiming irreparable guilt when he proclaims hope, grace, and pardon. If we think our sin is too great to be pardoned, remember that Christ doesn’t agree.
Sincerely,
but i hope sometime someplace,
Conceding the plausibility of this, isn't it also true that no total exception exists? No decision made in a vacuum of institutional legal order could be in any way effective. There is a lot of law below the level of the constitution or even statutory law -- army and police codes and rules about chain of command, quite significantly -- that need to be depended on especially in a state of exception. So the decision itself always requires a residue of the norm to be put into effect. Since, moreover, the cooperation of these institutions is also a matter of decisions made in the chain of command, this also shows that the decision is not unitary. And all this is to say nothing of the place of informal norms about the conduct in politics which do much to determine the actual paths of events in cases where the law is not explicit.
What exactly about Paragraphs and Reasoning did you not understand, and I would be happy to clarify it for you?
This is the big, BIG tie-breaker for me, the primary reason these stories are not on the same playing field. Whether it’s becoming immortal, or defeating a dark wizard, each main character has a goal they intend to meet at the end of the series, a theme that reoccurs in each book. It comes down to one simple question: What happens if they fail?
Finally I had a wonderful dinner at one of my favorite restaurants Furin in Delray. A perfect way to top a perfect day!
today is about combining that patience with kindness. If you knew me before I was married , you might wonder if I'm aware of the definition lol but the book says kindness is love in action. That totally reigns true for me. Despite numerous examples of kindness throughout life, none sank in till I met Beau. He has one of the kindest hearts of anyone I know, and I think I can count on one hand how many times he has spoken negatively about another person, even when they deserved it. So, you try living with a person 24/7, moving to a new place where they are the only person you know, and not becoming alot more like them....it doesn't work. Shortly into my marriage I found myself a much more kind person than I ever had been before and of course God took that and ran with it!
Kyle from Just a Bit Outside or JABO is doing his 5th Box Break. Kyle is busting 4 boxes from the mid 2000s decade. 2003 Bazooka, 2003 Flair, 2005 Topps Chrome Series 2, and 2008 SP Authentic. I think there are 13 guaranteed hits plus some great inserts in the Bazooka set. There are a few teams left including the Brewers and Blue Jays for $5 per team with a small shipping charge. I missed out on the first 3, but I got a big hit (but not the biggest) in his 4th so I definitely wanted in on this one.
10 Frogs not leaping
Seeing the mighty fall? Priceless.
And in our efforts to build a new earth,
I really don’t understand people who plan each day months in advance… ok sometimes I guess it might be good,,, but most of the time??? Lol no, we never know what is to happen, why plan and be disappointed? Or maybe it just me, I like, more like loving living my day each day as it comes, I never know what I am going to do, so when I do something its fun, and I am happy doing it :) I honestly don’t think I would be to happy, having my days plan out in advance,,, would you?
Social security and Medicare are “social justice” programs which, like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, were created to protect people against themselves, encouraging dependency on the federal government instead of expecting personal responsibility. They have managed to drain the national treasury.
Sam Twiston-Davies
Liquid Pearls : Terra Cotta by Ranger Ink
The next time you pass one of these church signs, think about the message being communicated. It just may be the thing God wants you to hear today. One simple way that the church can reach out to the community around it is by using these signs to share God’s message! What does your church sign say? Will it make a difference in someone’s life today?
In my hometown of Oakland there is a neighborhood called Temescal. Temescal is one of those transitional neighborhoods that is being infiltrated by highly-educated, under-compensated twenty-somethings.
I am curious..where would you go if you could go anywhere? Anywhere.
7) I love to write! I have written a Children’s Book and am still proofing a book I started 3 years ago.
Most recently, the foundation awarded six scholarships to Wall Township students on July 6, what would have been Justin’s 23rd birthday.
This post will present articles & excerpted text noting & documenting this recognition as made by an eclectic range of personalities from journalists / authors to professors.
I am doing plenty. But are they worthy enough to enumerate? Cooking, cleaning, grocery shopping, running errands, laundering and most importantly, I am making myself available to get my kids off the bus and asking that important question, ‘How was school today, guys?’ And then lending a patient ear!
This was more of an indoor outfit anyways, with it's skirt that twisted around when I walked, it's warm, but not wind proof sweater and it's exposed ankles. The leggings are the only thing I would have changed, but since my quest for tights has been entirely unsuccessfully I am stuck with exposed ankles.
and we wish her all the best for her retirement!
If I had the opportunity to live in only peace, I’d take it–or I would have, before I knew Christ. But now that I know Him, I know something I never imagined: God, who is love and therefore has a natural ease to be joyful all the time, took the sorrow of the cross to die for our sins. He didn’t have to do that. But He came down to our world of mixed-up messes and all the gray we complain is between the black & white.
because that's who I am.
Conventional coal is not an acceptable option.
Bad things happen when you travel. You meet a girl. You have children. You grow fond of them. They get taken from you. You have to move around the corner to be near them. Next thing you know you’ve been living in a country that doesn’t really like you very much for 12 long years.
I so enjoyed creating these adorable pieces and hope they each find a home of their own one day.
feels like home to me
You can find me on the Twitter Machine at @primalmoversTD
Yudhisthira came up to Bhishma and told him that all of them had assembled there at the appointed hour and asked him if he could be of any service to him at all.
It’s a quiet, quiet life
WOW...I can't believe it May! Last week/month has been a blur...I guess that happens when you have three active little munchkins :) !!! Believe it or not, our kids have only 24 more days till *Summer Break*. Not sure if I should freak out or if I should be looking forward to some down time from all the sports activities...etc?!? Anyway, let's hope it will slow down :) .
She motivates
A Christmas Wish ... Hallmark Channel ... 8 PM
If we where out picking theese ones i probably would have two full baskets.
Edited to add - Yes, yes, I know. I've been told that the bat didn't, in fact, land on Justin Bieber's face. I guess it was Logan Lerman, whoever that is. All those teen stars look alike to me. Sorry.
Lysa writes: “When it comes to healthy eating, most people try to fix their how-to first. What’s missing is the want-to. Fixing our want-to provides the foundation that enables us to make lasting changes. What is creating the most desperation in our healthy eating journey? That’s what we need to fix first.”
As always, if you want to leave a comment, please do so below. Share the blog with your friends, family, and yes, even your enemies. I’m found on Facebook, Twitter, Google +, and via e-mail at dpitsiladis@gmail.com.
These sandwich years are very challenging, caught between the needs of young families for support and love, and the unforeseen but instantly-appearing Mom-emergencies. It's hard to find time to write, and when I do, I feel my umber mood is visible in my words.
Bobby Richardson played for the Yankees from 1955-66 and was an eight-time All-Star selection. He won five Gold Gloves; three World Series title and was actually the MVP of the 1960 World Series.
glassybaby Road Show 101
Annoying things, writes Sei Shonagun – “One has sent someone a poem (or a reply to a poem) and after the messenger has left, thinks of a couple of words that ought to be changed.”
The successful candidate will have a passion for fast cars, orange girlfriends, nightclubs, oversized watches and ‘roasting’ teenage girls.
petition is involving. It gets your emotions, and sometimes you find yourself
Let’s! Go! Together! Forever!
SWAT!
So two titanic teams prepare for one of the most epic battles in Irish rugby history, but only one will travel back across the Irish sea as champions of Europe. It promises to live up to the hype.
More Provence yummies coming up, too.
I've actually had this one since it was first released and was really excited to read it. It looks creepy and wonderful, but I've heard mixed things about the writing itself. Only one way to find out though!
There’s a reason this film won the Golden Bear at the Berlin Film Festival and was such a critical favorite. But sadly, there’s also a reason that this film didn’t find more acclaim with mainstream audiences. I will avoid the general cynicism that is so often used when discussing American audiences and just say that I think if people viewed this not as a foreign film, not as something “snobbish” or “elitist” or “difficult”, they would enjoy it. So often we find ourselves settling for pure entertainment that we forget what it means to go to the movies. We forget how transcendent, how personal, how moving films like this can be. This film contains an emotional depth that is little seen in American cinema as of late, and it is an emotional depth I think is needed in our lives. Yes, this film may be emotionally challenging, but it is worth every tear.
Waffles of Unexpected Banananess (WUBs)
There have been many people who know the benefits of this tea. Green tea is the most powerful source of antioxidants that can help improve body functions. In addition to increasing metabolism, green tea can also be lose weight. Therefore, this tea is often consumed by those who are dieting.
Preheat your oven to 350 F.
Though I was happy sleeping
The publican ‘e ups an’ sez, “We serve no red-coats here.”
So last night's lesson was the start of trying to put Oliver on the bit and keeping him there. We've reached the stage in our training that he knows what to do, but I needed to finally figure a few things out before we could progress.
Smith, L.W. Link, A. Cords, M. 2008. Cheek Pouch Use, Predation Risk, and Feeding Competition in Blue Monkeys (Cercopithecus mitis stuhlmanni). American Journal of Physical Anthropology 137(3): 334-341. DOI: 10.1002/ajpa.20879.
I am getting to help with some of the event planning for Day of Caring and the Palooza/Kickoff celebration on September 10th and 11th, which I love. If you go/went to UNL, Day of Caring is basically like the Big Event, except city/county wide. If you live in Greeley, then you should sign up to help out!!!! Go to United Way of Weld County and click on Day of Caring and come celebrate with us on Friday 9/10 in Lincoln Park, we will be having all sorts of food, fun, and information about Weld County non-profits and the United Way.
The idea, of course, is that if you are not constantly background-checking, you are a sap. In this world view — which I worry is spreading like a fungus — everyone is evil until proven otherwise. That is not only wrong, it leads to the breakdown of community (I look out for you, you look out for me) that actually makes us SAFER.
“The world is too much with us; late and soon,
My other goals here at OMF have always been about motivating and inspiring women to organize. This blog is a resource for you, as well. You can always go down to my Search Bar on the lower right side of my side bar, on the blog, and type in a search word of something you are wanting to organize. You know, like “closets” “kitchen” or “kids” and lots of great place to start and I have lots of content there. Well, I hope that this year you will be even more inspired and there is so much I have planned for you to help achieve that.
Registering is free and easy and shouldn't take you more than 5 minutes to complete. It is really easy, you just need to supply basic information about yourself so that we can register you and begin sending you surveys.
if guys wear girl would you make them peeing
You can't find many places that sell these bottles, they say. We visited one pub that does, but allegedly you have to take your empties back if you want some more, meaning it's very difficult to get onto the Bathams ladder in the first place.
I thought so. ;-)
Each tiny indignant property-rights advocate
Seriously though, when you go overly apeshit with the Pledge (or Pam for that matter) and get some on the floor by mistake, it takes years for the floor not to be slippery anymore. It's a death trap for anyone wearing socks. Suddenly you have small zones of floor all around your house, marked off with cones, that you know to be careful around, like hardwood black ice.
I went indoors and gave the dog a ‘telling off’ – “why didn’t you growl and show them that you are a proper guard dog?” He just smiled and wagged his tail. Continuity from the hound at least.
Autumn by David Moody - I was in a very fatalistic mood and what better to read in such a state than a novel where most of the world dies in the first few pages and some rise as zombies a few days later? Overall, the novel seemed like an overblown short story, but there are some good aspects as well with the way characters respond to the world. Shell shocked would be putting it lightly. Recommended with reservations.
3 finger
Our sorrows and wounds are healed only when we touch them with compassion. -- Buddha
Check out the gorgeous Toccara and her real woman fitness
Love Spent (Acoustic Version) (****)
Look for value and be prepared to look in unlikely places. A suit by George @ ASDA or TU @ Sainsbury’s may be hard to tell from one by John Rocha in Debenhams or M&S, especially if it fits you properly. However this will not be true of all George or TU suits. Buy carefully. Budget stores like Primark deliberately copy the fit and shape of suits that are produced by more expensive tailors. You can do the same. Over the course of the year feel free to visit the stores which sell the wardrobe items you would buy if money were no object. Now you know what quality looks like and feels like go find alternatives which are similar but fall within your budget.
Google now has a head start on its rivals in the fiercely competitive cloud computing market, thanks in part to deals inked with the US Patent and Trademark Office and the General Services Administration in the past year. In both cases, Google enjoyed the benefits of support from federal chief information officers. In both cases, a few people involved in the process voiced objections.
Report cards will be sent home this week, and I feel confident that your child is learning a great deal. Please do not be alarmed if there are areas that might need improvement, as it is only the first term, and they have only just begun. I am confident that they are all well on their way to a successful school year!
Office of Technology Assessment. Cost effectiveness of influenza vaccination. Washington, DC: US Government Printing Office; 1981. URL: http://www.wws.princeton.edu/ota/disk3/1981/8112_n.html.
Interviewee:”Yes.”
“Stop crying, Iqra. Stop!” she wiped her face and walked towards her balcony. On bad days like these, she used to walk over to her balcony, sit on her rocking chair and contemplate theories on Life. She asked herself many questions, hoping that the answers would ultimately lead her to some conclusion and solve her uncertainties. And even today, she chose to do the same.
Happy reading ‘Revolution 2020’
Someone, for the love of God, please shoot me!!
So, would we see a sea of yellow, green and blue this year? We would only know in the aftermath of the ‘mathematics’ might tell us.
Tuesday, January 16th–There was an ice storm. I watched “Henri Langlois: Phantom of the Cinematheque.”
*Seven's for $30 at TJMAXX - Score (although, I have this odd feeling they aren't REAL Sevens, but I honestly don't care because they were soooo comfortable when I tried them on)
That's my Robbie Roo. Pushed out the good-old-fashioned way (if you don't count 22 hours of induction drugs, IV painkillers, and a lovely, lovely epidural) on December 4, 2010. 20 3/4 inches long, 7 lb 14 oz. Not the 10 lb baby that the doctors and I feared at all.
I simply, as per usual, hear the words in my head as my eyes focus on a spot within the mirror. Later, and I will type those words out. Maybe in the morning they will make no sense at all, and nobody else will see them? Who cares – I’ve did my bit?
I have just returned from a two-day stay on an island called Koh Samet located about half way between my current residence and the Cambodian border. I had been to Koh Samet a few years previously and that trip proved to be one of those life altering events, bringing with it a lot of pain and changing my expectations about the rest of my life. But that is another story for another time and place.
As mentioned in a previous post you are sleeping all by yourself now. :) This is bittersweet for Mommy, as I miss snuggling with you at night, but the amount of rest that I am getting is unreal! You're such a good sleeper! You've been going to bed at 8:30pm and waking at 9:00am. Sometimes in the morning I watch you lay in bed and play with your baby doll before I go in and get you. It's too sweet!
Finally Shirley is able to stab him to death (or at least leave a prop knife hanging off his belt, according to the looks of this), then makes it to the bathroom as two cops arrive on the scene. ...uh, how did they know to come here? Did some unseen neighbor call them? Do they have ESP? And why aren't they even in uniform? Maybe they're plainclothes, but I didn't even see any badges with them; just guns. Maybe they're vigilantes.
Northern Ireland developer, McAleer and Rushe has just filed its accounts – available here – for the year ending 31st March 2011. McAleer and Rushe has some interests on this side of the Border but is perhaps better known for its development on Baker Street in London, the sale of the W Hotel in Leicester Square also in London and recently has announced the development of a major hotel in Manchester. The county Tyrone developer employs just over 100 people and has actually recorded an operating profit for 2011 of GBP 546,987 (€650k).
Happy Thursday!! xo.
Narrative of the former boss of the company that controls gas about the difference in the principles of construction of the gas transport systems of Russia and the USA.
So...anyone wanna have a key party?
It’s true, almost 365 episodes of The Today Show will run before my book, When My Baby Dreams, is released by HarperCollins (it’s scheduled for January, 2012), but if you tune into today’s episode of The Today Show (that’s February 10th, for those of you keeping score), you might see Mila’s first big publicity hit and one unpublished daydream photo! Woohoo!
Why not get yourself photographed in the appropriate pose (two photos will be required) and check yourself out.
I look forward to your entries and seeing which minor league teams you root for (I have a pretty good idea of which MLB teams you root for).
This is Double Mountain brewer Matt Swihart's land. Cherries from his orchards go in his annual kriek. (The latest vintage, brewed with last year's cherries, was just released in Hood River.) His crop is about ten days from maturity.
give them
It all had echoes of a few years ago, little Hollie Steele, who go to the live Semi Finals, and sang Edelweiss, she got half way through and started sobbing.. The pressure got too much for her and the top man had to pay the commercial companies back as their adverts weren’t show because little Hollie wanted to sing again.
16For all who do such things, and all whose ways are not upright, are disgusting to the Lord your God.
Wipe any residue out of the pan with paper towels. Add the butter and hot sauce. Melt together, swirling gently. Add the turkey patties back to the pan and turn to coat well with the hot sauce/butter mixture. Keep warm.
1910 Security were requested to provide two batteries for the door bell to Hugh Stewart House by the Hall Porter of Hugh Stewart Hall Security attended.
Price has less to do with what people buy than you think.
The exact same spot we see in the video from 13 hours ago — near Nashville Tennessee — only now, instead of a FLASH on the RADAR — we’re seeing real life possible tornadoes develop.
The Count of Moret; The Red Sphinx; or, Richelieu and his rivals (Le Comte de Moret; Le Sphinx Rouge, 1865–1866)
“Hey, Jim, thanks for taking the call on your day off. Look, I really need that document for my meeting in 10 minutes; can you email it to me? Oh, yeah, and . . . and . . .” Pastors and, admit it, you and I have all done this at some point. Some of us still do it. A lot. In the name of ministry. In the name of “winning another soul to Christ.”
‘Be nice to people, not because you want them to be nice to you, but because you, ARE nice’
Educational Trust. The journalist Nick Lowles is employed to write articles for Searchlight Magazine – however it is a
to give a taste of the sorts of things well be carrying.
~Sen. Gringo Honasan
Read Bible, night-night book
Back at the RV park, Lynda did some laundry while I began to pack up the Trek. Later on, we gathered over at the Fleeman's coach to have some of Judi's homemade chili for dinner.
Many of our friends who stayed were killed. One by one they disappeared in tragic deaths, either blown apart or slowly dying as a result of being wounded by weapons usually reserved for the destruction of physical structures and military vehicles. Snipers fired anti-aircraft bullets that ripped bodies into shreds and detached limbs and heads within a fraction of a second. Some of us witnessed these happenings and some of us heard about them from others. No matter how it was delivered, the information about our friends’ deaths echoed painfully through our hearts.
“Arham?” She asked anxiously.
Heat up wok, add a little vegetable oil and sauté shallots until golden brown and crispy. Add in the spaghetti and stir fry for a short while. Put in the chilly sauce, tomato sauce, salt to taste, light soya sauce and dark soya sauce. Crack the egg and add in to the mee. Fry thoroughly under high heat. Put in the beans sprout. Fry for a short while. Garnish with cucumber slices and serve.
Is there anything that Star Wars doesn’t touch? Methinks not. If I don’t get one of these for my next birthday I’m gonna pitch a fit. Check out these delectable Star Wars inspired cakes.
Fellow conservative Regina Reed sent me the following video, the photographer of which has a great eye for beauty and skill to display it; a realm of beauty which exists all around us yet passes by our observation.
Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Michelob
I got some more work on my pineapple done. I’m now onto the points. Unlike the peacock feathers shawl, this one you really want the beading to sand out so the larger beads work perfectly. There is still no way that I’d bead the cast on edge. That’s just crazy talk. I might however bead it after the fact. If I string some 10/0 onto some tread of the right colour I could just sew it on. We shall see. I also still have to find some pineapple fabric to line it with!
life gets a bit much, I make sure to at least give a group
As she confesses from the back cover: "Weight Watchers began when I invited to my house six overweight friends - have you ever noticed that most fat people have fat friends? - and much to the surprise of all of us we found that there were other people hiding cookies in the bathroom and eclairs in the oven."
Joan’s ‘alter-ego’ is Pilgrim/Champ, halforphan56 is Joan, birthsibling is Ruth and eldestbirthsibling is Gert. Pilgrim’s words are in italic
i've been off again from blogging. so what's new with that?! lol!
Everyone likes reading their favourite magazine whether it is on holiday, in a cosy coffee shop or when tucked up in bed ill. However financial pressures on the magazine industry means that the way you read magazines in the future may be very different.
To support the self-described ’Bunch of Crazy Farmers’ (personified by Andy, in orange below) who now own the tug, the Alwyn website says they “selling space for banners of about 1 metre square, at R5 000 ($US 639.30). The advertisements are mostly in connection with agricultural products and services, partly because everybody knows who are responsible for saving this historic vessel! Partly also, it’s because those are the firms we know, support and can ask!”
of a clash of 2 sounds within your mix e.g the bass & kick drum.
When I realized what I may have looked like, I let her know I was perfectly OK,
517 *D-I/19/1961. “Realism and the Practice of Law: A Lecture for Law Students.” Northwestern University Law School, Chicago, Illinois. (Included in Item C-1964(1), above, pp. 706-14. Incorporated in C-1977(10), above, pp. 1027-34.)
Siamo in vacanza.
Ireland's leading obstetricians stated in 1992: '... we affirm that there are no medical circumstances justifying direct abortion, that is, no circumstances in which the life of the mother may only be saved by directly terminating the life of her unborn child'. (Letter to Irish Times, 1 April 1992)
We know that the fifth fleet in Bahrain patrols the borders between Iran and Bahrain. Bahrain is a strategic point and important to the US. We also know that the EU and US have been pushing Iran to allow the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to do a follow up on Iran to gather evidence that Iran has its nuclear plant to provide nuclear energy without building nuclear weapons. Every time this question is brought up, Iran doesnt care about what the international community thinks. It reached a point where in late february 2012, Israel made it clear that the program is on going and Iran is still building nuclear weapons. The EU are asking the UN to continue to put pressure on Iran to the point where the US put sactions on Iran to force them to stop their nuclear program. So far, the US is a big enemy to Iran and vice versa. It seems like the US didnt intend to hand Iraq over to the persians to control. But…. This is the part that really sucks….The latest release of wikileaks’ GI Files that consists of 5 million emails is quite scary to even read and here’s why:
Again, Canberra sources tell me that just last month Tamil spokespersons had told the National Security Research Centre that they would mount a protest if the Centre did not invite Gordon Weiss to be a speaker at a conference entitled “Safeguarding Australia.”
11-How come the things that make you happy don’t make everyone happy?
Sadly, I don't actually have any of these magazines. As far as I remember, I never saw them on any of the local newsstands when I was a kid, although the color comic wasn't hard to find. I've hunted for them in various back issue bins over the years, but never came across any copies. I've poked around online, too, but never found any that I felt were reasonably priced. Oh well....
Due to limited space, please RSVP as soon as possible at (718) 287-0943
favorite Chinese restaurant in the city.
Also, many people in the 'good old days' worked till they dropped not by choice, but out of grim necessity. In the early 1900s there was no social security. And most 'conservatives' would say that this was a good thing, a praiseworthy thing; rugged individualism, self-reliance, no old-age ''welfare deadbeats'' being coddled.
14. Heavy metal group Manowar would not have been half as cool without Orson's voice.
My impression and feelings about the concert were mixed. The music gave a definitely Yiddish impression. The most interesting were the poems by Rosa Ausländer, set to music in “Das Märchen vorbei”. I may dip into her poetry.
I am nothing but an empty box with holes
On Sunday we left the frills behind and headed off to the woods. Alfie Blue went to cosy up with the grandparents in his new Cone of Shame. Poor boy keeps chewing his hip until it bleeds so he needed a lampshade to sort him out. He seems fine with it on and best of all it means he can't lick his feet which he does literally ALL DAY (it drives me insane that gulpy wet lickety spit noise).
All I needed to buy was a $4 bottle of apple cider vinegar, and we are in business! I funneled the vinegar into the other bottle, and it works perfect as a squeeze bottle. The first time I tried this, Logan was shocked at having something squirted into his ear with such volume and speed. He shook his head back and forth, and ear wax actually flew out in mass amounts, so it was definitely successful in breaking it up. If your dog doesn’t like the idea of squirting, you may want to assign a wash cloth just for him and apply the solution to the cloth before working it in.
With that said, we now need 50 followers to complete Round 2! Tell your digi stamp friends about the giveaway and their chance to win a free digi...otherwise we could be waiting a while until the next draw! :) Good luck everyone! <U+2665>
As such, the actual budget speech has largely become a media event, missing from which will be any serious indication that Osborne and his merry little men have any grip at all on our public finances. And those who need an illustration of this need look no further than the Proverbs 26:11 type situation with carbon capture, where £1 billion of our money is poised to make its final nose-dive to oblivion.
Phone 312 226 8984
- active in the church, but inactive in the gospel
Returning to the boat, the skipper took us a short way to a beach side restaurant where we ate a reasonable meal that was surprisingly not too expensive – being the only restaurant for miles it is a credit to them that the prices were not super-inflated.
And they are always smiling so much. Now that I think about it I think it's because they are showing off their awesome teeth. It's a walking ad for them correct or not? LOL
If possible, could you grow longer? I’m rather short thanks to you and I would like to be able to buy a pair of pants that are actually at the proper length.
If I Knew Now What I Knew Then by Big Sandy & His Fly-Rite Boys
Some critics of the marriage plan, such as writer Ayisha Osori, argue that its great flaw is in giving false hope of success in marriage to women when society’s views of wives remain problematic.
Brush the egg over the top of the dough before putting the tray into the oven...
Make a project which is inspired by their style. Please state the crafter you were inspired by. And if they have a blog, website etc, please add that too.
The next morning, there is chaos.
"Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could be any different"
After browsing the rather extensive food and wine menu, I plumped for a pint of the Italian Birra Moretti and chose the ‘Gamberoni Aurora’ as my starter – king prawns baked in garlic, fresh herbs, cream and Napoli sauce topped with mozzarella and then baked in an oven. The Birra Moretti had an instant dryness to it, but had very little malt flavour which resulted in a rather light offering. Once my starter arrived, a nicely presented fanned casserole dish with 5 large king prawns sat in the middle of the garlic and herb cream sauce, with the lightly baked mozzarella layered on top. A unique idea that I’ve never come across before, I thought it made a change to the usual prawn cocktail. Perfectly cooked, the king prawns were piping hot, with the sauce a great compliment that didn’t look greasy or burnt around the edges.
To think it was only a few decades ago that people were allowed to have four, five or six children! If it weren’t for the old pictures, I wouldn’t have believed it. My friend, Marie, tells me her mom was one of ten. TEN??? That’s just so gross. I’ve heard there are still some large families in existence, but thanks to the new child tax, those overpopulating kooks will be taxed out of existence soon. Of course, if they want to continue violating the laws, they can pay their fines. That’s fine with me. (lol!) My future kid’s school can use the extra money!
British nationalists, which is somethiing I now accept that I am, are routinely accused of hating different cultures and wishing to destroy them, nothing could be further from the truth, we are the ones who passionately want to see different cultures preserved, however, our crime is that we also want to preserve our own unique and beautiful culture.
Those Heirloom Tomatoes are the basis for this delicious undone Caprese Salad. This salad is really very simple to assemble!
I love Arsenal, and my throat is sore from singing loudly all match (though not everyone was as vocal). But bloody hell, it’s a love-hate relationship! !
I have a prince who is also chauffeur and chef!
Anyway. He is "outraged" that Israel considered the flotilla a provocation. Really? Where did they get that idea from? Is it because there is no humanitarian crisis in Gaza, and even if there were, the New York Times published this on June 25th :
15-If you were any particular geometric shape what would it be?
5. Political parties love democracy, as it seems to be fair to everyone. Anyone can bid for any place in the party, including the top most. That is the theory at least.
Is certain not to last.
The sun has set now,
Here is where I spent much of yesterday afternoon...cat napping and reading, while the hubby, Ellen and Izzy took real naps inside.
The suit was filed at the California Superior Court in San Francisco. The judge’s order was not immediately available for viewing on Wednesday.
speckled movement;
food fashion and the culinary arts
2) In a separate bowl, using a fork, whisk together the potato flour (or flakes or buds) and the remaining 1 cup of flour with the salt, oil and yeast until a crumbly mixture forms.
Whichever location you eventually to decide how far from the honeymoon vacation destinations and is already competing alongside main stay European cities in the best mexico vacation destinations and around the arizona vacation destinations and extremely warm waters. The city offers numerous public beaches along with the greek vacation destinations a dinner or two months before your trip.
i went back to my parents house and finally came home to my house this evening. the only effects from the surgery i have is that up until this afternoon i had no appetite, i feel weak and i feel like i did 1,000 stomach crunches. but really...i feel great. i am barely taking the pain meds because i need to pee in a cup this week for my new job and oxycodone is such a hot topic down here. i plan to bring my prescription to the test with my hospital discharge papers just in case.
It appears that Libya’s former leader Muammar Gaddafi may have been handed down his final verdict by NATO rebels, but it’s perhaps an even more bloody awful fate already suffered by a morally detached western civilization.
Here’s what he had:
by Stephan Terry
Girl Land is gorgeous (we all know that), but it's that word 'girl' that kind of scared me.
Two notes before we get there. First, I’m pleased to report that I was able to talk Viva Editions, the publisher of Apocalypse Not, into offering a winter solstice present to readers of The Archdruid Report. (Yes, one of the benefits of Druidry is that you get your holiday presents a few days early.) From now until January 1, if you go to the Viva Editions website, buy a copy of Apocalypse Not, and type the code APOCNOT25 on the order form where it asks for coupon codes and the like, you’ll get a 25% discount off the cover price. A happy solstice, or whatever else you celebrate at this time of year, to all!
I will get Benji out of bed and get him a cup of milk and hold him for a bit until he is ready to run. At this time the boys will roll out of bed and then we will have family prayer before Steve leaves for the clinic.
Thanksgiving Day proved to be a bit eventful. BF's parents were hosting dinner at their house and planned to start cooking around 7:00 AM to have the food on the table by 3:00 PM. Bright and early on Thanksgiving morning, the toilet in their basement powder room exploded (ie, ceramic bowl completely shattered), spewing water everywhere. Since that bathroom is never used, there was no real "mess"... other than the six inches of water that had spread throughout their entire finished basement. Luckily, they have a wet/dry vac and were able to remove most of the water within a few hours of the explosion. But it certainly created quite a disruption. Between their basement toilet, the flooding in my prior apartment, and a recent roof leak in my new apartment, I have never before been so convinced of the force of water!
OK, this is just plain old common sense, no political agendas for either side. Just common knowledge for citizens of a country, especially American citizens, who know every little tidbit about every other president (and their wives) that even know that Andrew Jackson's wife smoked a corn cob pipe and was accused of adultery, or that Lincoln never went to school or Kennedy wore a back brace or Truman played the piano.
By the end of that speech, all the crowds had left, and only twelve men remained. Jesus apparently wasn’t interested in marketing himself to the masses. His invitations to potential followers were clearly more costly than the crowds were ready to accept and he seemed to be okay with that. He focused instead on the few who believed him when he said radical things. And through their radical obedience to him, he turned the course of history in a new direction.
A posting by PM Lee this morning comparing Germany to Singapore brought a torrent of criticisms from Singaporeans who pointed out that the comparison is inappropriate.
This case became big news in the Japanese media back then because it’s considered “normal” behavior that someone who gets caught up in a heated (possibly drunken) argument and (hopefully) unintentionally causes injury (or worse) to another person would confess to the police and apologize to the family of the victim.
Some brokers and clients are extremely worried about having no other potential buyer to turn to in the event the contracted-with buyer manages to slip away, so they keep quiet about the accepted offer, keep showing the property, and wait for the contingencies to expire. Get it?
Sizzix Movers and Shapers Magnetic Die Crown and Fleur
Last week, Perry and British comic Brand signed papers to finalize their divorce in June; despite no prenup, Brand did not request spousal support or a share of Perry’s massive earnings. Perry signed her documents with a smiley face.
All supplies are Stampin' Up! unless otherwise noted.
i'm entering this into this months Tea Time Treats, hosted alternatively by Kate from What Kate Bakes and Karen from Lavender and Lovage. The theme for this month is Easter and I thought that rather go with the traditional I would make it my traditional Passover celebration which falls at the same time of year.
It's all contextual. Who you are, or rather the relevant parts of who you are, depends on the situation, doesn't it? For example, when I wrote the bio requested of me for the staff newsletter, I kept it simple. A few words about my past job in a psychiatric hospital, a passing nod to my education (which turned out to be quite relevant because one of the people making the decision to hire me is also an I.U. grad), and a quick mention of the awards I've won in the International Administrative Assistants Olympics. (Silver medal in sorting out Fed-Ex Fuck-ups; Gold in Excel Spreadsheet Obstacle Courses, and an all expenses paid weekend at the Sybaris and a case of Pabst Blue Ribbon for coming in fifth place in the Chicagoland Office Chair Demolition Derby 1994.)
Zander was supposed to tell us what color it was....
5. Sleigh Ride
Jenniefer has taught thousands of Kirks Folly enthusiasts how to make their dreams come true by taking them to the fairy tale places of their imaginations.
I have been super busy today, baking chocolate cake, making vanilla pudding, egg salad and tuna salad. The boys requested a cake today and pudding too since I was in the kitchen. I made them their treats and decided to make some tuna and egg salad while I was at it. I have a girls night planned for tonight so I thought I would bring those with me for snacks :)
Romania
Scripture teaches us that Jesus was both fully God and fully human. Where do you see Jesus’ humanity as he prays? What does the suffering of Christ tell us about God’s love for us?
we are returning
It’d also allow me to not have an interview at McDonalds on Thursday, but ah well. Well done, Roy, you beat me.
2) Losing my way
15 Days Without a Head by Dave Cousins. I should admit right off the bat that I am the editor of this book and I’m mighty proud of that fact! Dave Cousins is a phenomenal new talent and 15 Days Without a Head will have you crying, laughing and wanting more. Happy reading....
The Kaiser Permanente Division of Research invites applications for a full-time, limited term Staff Scientist position to join a vibrant research team focused on identifying genetic and environmental risk factors for autism spectrum disorders, and understanding patterns of detection, diagnosis, and utilization of health services for ASD. The Staff Scientist will work in collaboration with Dr. Lisa Croen, Sr. Research Scientist and Director of the Autism Research Program. The staff scientist will be expected to analyze data, write papers, prepare grant proposals and help coordinate a variety of studies conducted by the Autism Research Program. We seek applications from persons with a PhD in epidemiology, health services or related field. Preference will be given to applicants with strong analytic and writing skills and a demonstrated ability to write successful grant proposals and publish papers. Knowledge of children with autism or other psychiatric/developmental disabilities is preferred but not required. The position is funded through multiple grants for a minimum of 2 years.
Through mixed birch/hazel woodland to emerge onto the road uphill through the pretty hamlet of Motts Mill, with its delightful white-weatherboarded cottages. After the climb, my path turns off the road and heads steeply back downhill through more hazel woodland.
assured me), spicy tuna hand roll and sake nigiri. The chef arrived. He
Later in the war, in 1941, we formed the Air Sea Rescue (ASR) Service, and if anybody came down there was somebody on the spot almost before they had landed in the sea. But this didn't happen in 1940, and this is a black mark which the system had to endure right the way through the battle.These are the thoughts of Derek Wood (or some of them), co-author of the seminal text on the Battle of Britain, The Narrow Margin, articulated at a symposium in Bracknall in 1990, sponsored jointly by the RAF Historical Society and the RAF Staff College Bracknall.
Polls and people in tune with the generation say many in the group find themselves politically adrift, amid a bitter campaign that so far features very few of their concerns.
1/2C breadcrumbs
I have read Tea's competent, assured, boring-as-fuck prose before: in a million other aspiring writers churned out by the MFA system, who then go on to take up professions as teachers in the MFA system, passing on their identical mediocrity to a new generation of award-winning identical mediocre visionaries.And later:
One morning, I read the scripture verse above. As I did, I felt a peace that can
We drove to Stafford, Va to drop off some items at our storage unit and are now staying with Dmitri's parents house in Maryland.
Ah well, despite a huge bag of mixed emotions at my baby getting into double-digits, I'm looking forward to having a good weekend with him. Tomorrow we are going out to get his pressie - he wants more Skylanders and Lego. I am considering encouraging him in the direction of a craft shop to ease my pain at being dragged around Toys R Us, while trying to persuade the small one that it's not his birthday, and therefore he can't have anything (can you see an epic fail in the making here???). Other than that his plans are to go somewhere for lunch (I have vetoed KFC and Maccie D's). No party this year, my nerves can't cope with a horde of 9 and 10 year olds in my house, and my wallet can't cope with taking same number to the cinema, especially as you look like a right tight moo when you don't let them get drinks and sweets from the concessions and smuggle in store bought stuff in your biggest possible handbag... and guaranteed a lid has come loose on one of the drinks and you have to act all nonchalant walking past the ticket person while knowing that your handbag is dripping and your phone now needs putting in a dehumidifier :-D. Not that anything like that has ever happened to me... oh no :-D
75th Street Brewery - Three Dollar Thursday: $3.00 Pints ALL DAY. Select $3.00 appetizers. Live music with the Counter Culture band starts at 9:00. That’s 15 amazing, hand-crafted in Waldo, pints to choose from…full beer line-up will be announced soon.
And I’ll hope Cetaphil gets with the program and removes the parabens and sulfates, as a lot of other beauty products have followed suit too.
It’s been a crazy crazy week, and amazingly we’ve only had ONE visit to a doctor!! We finally got the ball rolling on getting our house on the market, so we’ve been work-work-working and not doing much of anything else!
Stuff we used:
Toodles! -Mini
The jester in me so wanted to turn to my kids in the back and say in my best airline pilot voice, “Look children! If you look off to your right, you will see civil unrest.”
This gave me a clean picture of the texture of the model and easily defined the bright areas. But it was too clean!! I mean, this thing should be dirty. And not just “mud dirty”. It´s skin should look old, even though we use quite bright colors due to the small size of the minis.
1. Guns’n'Roses – Sweet Child o’ Mine
Antje
In another bowl combine add the flour, baking powder, ginger, and baking soda. Whisk to blend together.
Chicken Meatballs
The name comes from some MSN chat Jói and I had. We were deciding a name for the band and for some strange reason wanted to have a long name. This is what came out! No backstory or whatever. Just simple as that... For A Major Reflection is just too extreme…
Good news people! With the amount of vinyl rips that I occasionally provide here, one might think that I'm just an old fart living in the dinosaur ages but you'd be wrong. Vinyl record sales are back in high rotation. In 2010 Vinyl Records sales increased to become the fastest growing music format in USA and Canada. Take that digital. Also these numbers do not include all of the 100% DIY/Independent releases. Or sales from most Mom & Pop stores and bands who sell off-stage at concerts. Barcodeless-off-the-grid stuff. So the numbers are even higher than being reported. Now if you think it's just a bunch of us old hippies trying to relive our glory years you'd be wrong again. Younger people are the fastest growing market for vinyl. There are a number of factors at work here. Digital download limitations in recent months has led some customers toward searching out for higher sound quality, as well as the more authentic experience of physically putting on a record and holding and looking at the sleeve. After reading several articles I've come up with at least 10 reasons for the renewed interest in the glorious vinyl sound.
Criticism of the current university model should not be taken as a ringing endorsement for the digital university (I will post some suggestions for higher ed reform later this week). However, online course providers like Udacity and Coursera offers a glimpse into a possible future for higher education. This is a future in which a bachelor’s degree decreases in economic value and course certification become the new must-have qualification. This may sound far-fetched – the bachelor’s is now an absolute requirement for high-level entry into the knowledge economy – especially since such a system threatens the aristocratic grip that America’s top universities have had on higher education for over one hundred years. But unless these schools adapt (and many of them already are doing so), they will witness their decline and the triumph of the new digital paradigm.
Write up your results:
Inside, the house she and her husband once shared
One of my favorite things... Just chilling out! I have come to love these times.They were not very frequent in the past due to long working hours and now I enjoy the opportunity when it comes around!
And I’m left to wake to get another grey glare
I love honour and respect the Christ consciousness.
Now, an alarming new documentary suggests that security problems with the inter-connected and seemingly convenient smart grid may be so serious that they could lead to a catastrophic failure of our nation’s entire power infrastructure.
Yes, I know I should have had my arm checked out sooner, but at this time my husband was going through some pretty serious health issues, himself, and it did not seem the right time to be out of commission, myself. I also kept hoping it would just get better on its own.
into the words
Lord Weidenfeld hoped that the new chair, along with another that was established last year at Oxford University, would be the first in a network around the country.
Which furthers stereotypes more? To discuss the ideas that Summers put forward, or to assume that young women are so fragile that they cannot even hear alternative viewpoints? To assume that they cannot differentiate between someone saying that women as a whole are less likely to be well-suited for scientific careers, and someone saying that they individually are not cut out for it?
The Last Emperor
So far, Derek has not dated any Kardashians, but he's still a relatively young guy.
Mioara Merié, Ph.D.: Dr. Merié received a Ph.D. in the Philosophy of Science from the University of Bucharest in1993, and a Ph.D. in the History and Philosophy of Science from Notre Dame in 2005. She has also done additional work in Physics and Peace Studies in Romania and the United States. Having taught at the Secondary and University level in both countries, she is a Political and Cultural Analyst and an Independent Historian. Extensively published and a frequent Conference speaker, in 2005 she was the Winner of the Notre Dame Gender Studies Competition Award, with the paper “From the Afterlife to Life: Feminism and ‘Spirit Drawing’ in Victorian England.”
god-like
“No, not to me. You don’t do this to me. You don’t…” he swept his hands across, then threw it up in frustration. “You don’t play these games.”
Saturday 12:00 – 2:00 My Tutoring hours open to CX students.
1/2 cup half & half cream
We still need to give them a coat of gloss to get them nice and shiny, but we are already both loving them! I am so glad that J convinced me to be fearless with color and now I'm ready to wholeheartedly embrace it...I want to add color everywhere...pillows, artwork, tablescapes...all in the works!
I recently met with his teacher to discuss his progress in the classroom. He's behind the other kids in reading and math because they hadn't done that stuff yet in his Paris school. His teacher says Lucien is learning quickly, but will catch up even faster if he "stops trying to entertain the class like a pint-sized Robin Williams all the time."
But then I remember that these are my girls. They’re polite and they’re quiet. The girls take turns hopping onto the chair, watching me and then moving over so that another interested hen can see.
In the end, of course, it comes down to the writing - and very few of our best writers have made their work available on the web, at the expense of the print - and as for the others, who'll remember them anyway?
3. may be a super model
It was OK for me, I was anaesthetised, but all my family and friends were frightened, angry and hurt and were running around trying to find a way to stop this nightmare. Lots of rehabs, police turning up, paramedics, discharging myself from hospital, suicide attempts, psychiatrists, psychologists, counsellors, medication, unemployed, described by my GP as a chronic alcoholic and there is nothing more he could do.
Next week the entire team will play singles and doubles. Good luck to the Saints! We'll be there to cheer you on to victory!
The doctor delivered my baby via C-section and he was expert and wonderful and my daughter was healthy and beautiful and safe. When I returned for my check-up weeks later, they told me that my midwife’s breast cancer had returned and she was starting treatments again.
Invite him to your party. Actually, he is there anyway so you might as well make a conscious invitation. It might make a difference in how you and your other guests respond. Be conscious of his presence in all you do.
This is two pages, that I print back to back, cut down to size, and then fold it backwards so the title is on the front.
The paradox is that to get my heart's desire, the steady and warm love of these devotees, I have to give up my artificial demand for their love and surrender to the process of honestly earning it, by giving up my envy and illusions with gradual and firm determination.
TV host: You are calling for him to be executed?
*Uma’s greyhound buddy, Polly Pocket, was there. They had fun catching up (at least I assume they did).
MTN Iran Division
Definition of OPPROBRIUM
Anyway, here's what we've got running.
When they had massive evidence of black-on-white, leftwing racism, they did nothing.
Weakness: Nearly 40 percent of VCU’s field goal attempts are three-pointers. That’s a lot. The Rams live by the three and die by the three. That’s a dangerous way to live. It worked very well for them in the tournament last year, but that was last year. This is a new group with an unrealistic set of expectations. I’m not sure history will repeat itself.
Coexistence and peace is possible, the only thing we need is to want it and accept it.
This is the third year in a row I've had most of my students, so I had to come up with something different this year for Mother's Day...two years ago we made picture frames, last year we made flower pots and planted daisies, and this year we made (are still making...it kind of snuck up on me this year!) little trinket boxes.
A few days in I finished the notebook I started when I began the course and had to start writing in a new one. The new notebook is also A4 paper, but the lines are a lot closer together, so there are far more lines, and thus far more writing is required in order to fill 3 pages worth. I’m fine with this – it feels right to be intensifying the process round about now. I was getting too comfortable with the old way.
Robert Brown is dragging around a lot of history. He was once a sideman with the great Howlin’ Wolf, and in the 1950s, he recorded two solo albums, “A Minor Blues” and “Whiskey Talking.” Both of these albums were once considered to be blues classics. Now, mostly forgotten, he works as a bar musician playing a style of blues shaped by the great Mississippi Delta players like Charley Patton - one man with an acoustic guitar - nowhere to hide.
I see God’s face
Enjoy your time on Clear Lake. You are great at leaving and sending notes to your Grandma and Grandpa there…so when you’re wondering if you should, send one more. You’ll find these in the cupboards of their home, tucked here and there, after they die and it will sustain you for years thereafter. Write the notes. Send the cards.
(metaphorically speaking, of course).
The Douglas-Pennant family, who still own a £40m painting by Rembrandt in Penrhyn Castle, Bangor, had large slave-run sugar plantations in the Clarendon area of Jamaica. They used the money they made to buy the Penrhyn Estate and develop the North Wales slate industry.
The papers are quite old DCWV and my snowflake die is a Doo Hickey and the cute little image was given me to play with by this weeks fabulouso sponsor
- salad, meat and fruit, 1 or 2 day per week
--Prepare a 9 x 13 x 2 inch pan as follows....Cover the pan lightly with shortening.
Thanks mom and dad.
Meanwhile, oblivious to the scandal, Najib has already moved onto to his next ‘image’ – he is now trying to be ‘Mr Cool’. Malaysians have already received a taste of this revamped image, with Najib spouting words like ‘awesome’, ‘cool’ and inviting youths to his official residence to watch the recent football finals.
Sure, there are punitive elements to probation and one always hope for self-betterment in prison but from the stand-point of the prosecutor, those seem to be the basics. (I'd thought of adding "community safety" to the prison category but if rehabilitation is achieved, then probation gets us there, too). For a more detailed discussion of probation and its goals, look at last week's post, here.But by undervaluing the "punitive elements to probation," I think prosecutors like Mark may come to over-rely on prison when they think "there has to be some punishment."
It doesn’t really matter what type of music they have played or are continuing to play. Darkthrone has been one of the most influential black metal bands to date.
January 30, 2007: "Dad, I have seen what hell must be like when we assaulted this compound. ... There were fathers bringing up their dead babies to me and shoving them into my arms for help."
And then the moment passed. And, of course, by the next day, those I encountered were the same irritating, rude people they always are (and so was I). I did not see the presence of God in the people I encountered, and now halfway through Lent, I catch myself even forgetting to look.
Of course, as the mom of two boys, I didn't have any tutus around the house. I stopped at Target and picked up two tutu, size 10 girls, the largest they had. It fit me like a garter, which is to say one leg per tutu.
related to his feelings for you”
I Bang (Reaganomics), I Hum (Hank Williams)
she’s slim as a broom, the hands that hold
I’m not a writer. I’m a re-writer.
Mama, you forgot the flash on my big day!
Right beside the skyway I and others were clambering onto the open rock to take pictures. That was way more risky than the skywalk, no obstacles to going over the cliff there, and going over the edge there you are 4000 feet up, and no slowing down until you smack bottom. If I get 25 likes to this post I will consider myself bribed to try and upload my video from edge.
You can add things to the calendar the same way. You can make cards with chores and stick them in the pocket. So when you see it that day you have to do what the card says. Also, you can make cards with activities you want to do with your child, like art, museum visit, a game, etc.
A little goes a long way; you simple tap - not rub - this product into the skin. It works effectively and helping to reduce any puffiness and works superbly at making your skin feel refreshed.
Ignoring these embarrassing nonentities I think we need to win the argument not that trade unions benefit employers but that we benefit employees - all of whom should be members!
What are your favourite stamps:
According to research on Chamorro mtDNA, the people belong to haplogroup E lineages that occurs widely in the Philippines and Indonesia, and has a low occurrence of the widespread Oceanic mtDNA haplogroup B4.
Publisher: How's the edit on that John/Jane Smith book?
It is no coincidence that Nick Glibb and Miriam Rosen are new to their jobs, and want to make names for themselves. UK education is, as I have said before, a political football which is always being kicked around as in need of reform. It never seems to occur to people like Glibb and Rosen that things might improve if there were less shake-ups and schools could get on with teaching.
But having wallowed in a bit of strictly non-substance related nostalgia; I have come to a conclusion. One song that, for me at least, has strong links to that time is from none of the bands so far mentioned, but from those mod-rockers, The Who. Of course the song in question is ‘I Can See For Miles’. Released in the relevant window of late 1967, it sees the Who on the rise to their creative peak probably around 1969/70 and uses so much studio enhanced ingenuity and complicated harmonies that, like many of its contemporaries, it was impossible to reproduce live without it sounding a tad on the thin side.
Nothing in the Trayvon Martin case passes the smell test, which is not to say that Trayvon deserved to die, or that Zimmerman was or was not justified in the shooting. The problem is that the media has spoon fed and misinformed. They edited a tape on MSNBC to make Zimmerman appear to be focusing on Trayvons race. They still continue to post Trayvons photo from several years passed. A smiling young boy from the past, not the 6ft plus young black man who tweeted under the moniker of no limit nigga.
You can make this roast stuffed or not. I've never made it not stuffed, but I imagine it would be sort of like a big slab of seitan if you did it that way. Not that this is a bad thing, necessarily but for me, I think part of what's great about is that it doesn't seem so heavy with the stuffing in the middle and it's not nearly as scary for any non-veg*ns you might be eating with. If you're not going to stuff this, you can just put it in a loaf pan to bake if you want it to retain its shape. Otherwise, you can just form it a loaf shape and put it in a baking pan like you'll do with the stuffed one.
Answer the following questions….
He said the process would take about a month and described some of the symptoms. Given that he later said that many others would also be going through it, I’ll quote what he says about them, but I request that you hear it as applicable to you as well.
This picture holds so much inspiration for me. I can just see myself and a dear friend sitting in a beautiful room catching up on our lives. To create my card I used the Papertrey Ink set "Simply Jane". I wanted to capture the design, and colors of the area rug, and I thought the Simply Jane frame would be perfect. I sponged the die cut frame with Latte pigment ink from A Muse Studio. Next I stamped the matching ornate frame image using Crumb Cake ink from Stampin Up. In the picture there are very light touches of pink, dark, and light, and I think I captured that in my floral bouquet with the matching stamped bow. I used two shades of pink from A Muse Studio, Bubblegum, and Shell. The delicate color shading was created using an eye shadow applicator. Love how that turned out! I used the PTI Linen/Canvas impression plate to add subtle texture to the back ground. I LOVE the way my card turned out, and I kinda hope you like it to. =0) Have a wonderful day!
And I think that's about it. Quiet doings are good doings. :-)
I decided with one week left that it wasn't the end of the world, after all I could warn other travelers by writing an honest review of our experience. But that was not the case, because regardless of the evidence in videos, texts and pictures we sent to Airbnb (by their request) it now seems like they have taken the hosts side and removed our negative review.
I would remind you that my partner has given you messages in the past about the attitude of physics. Now we are right back to the polarity discussion that started this channelling. This “attitude,” Yawee, is imbued into the natural invention that you have discovered. Physics is active and seeks balance. That is to say that every field you have created with your process has the attributes – are you ready? – of perfect DNA. It already sees the attributes of the blueprint of the unborn. You don’t need a pregnant woman. The attributes can be passed to the Human and received by that Human in whatever posture that his cellular structure is able to absorb.
Non-Hodkin’s Lymphoma, a type of blood cancer, which has been associated with farming in dozens of studies, is also on the rise in the general population. “The incidence of non-Hodgkin lymphoma has almost doubled since 1970. Very few cancers are on the increase to that extent,” according to Dr. Roy Williams, of Pinnacle Health Medical Oncology Associates in Harrisburg. The fact that Non-Hodkin’s Lymphoma is increasing in the general population is concerning, yet it has been a big problem in the agricultural community for a long time. When a team of scientists at the Medical College of Ohio looked at studies published in the last 15 years, they concluded that farmers have an elevated risk of the cancer non-Hodgkin’s Lymphoma likely due to their exposure to infectious microorganisms, herbicides, and insecticides. Because of lack of data about farmworkers, data about farmers is often used in place, since both groups are likely exposed to the same pesticides.
Ohhh it's Wednesday night again. Well that means I (Michele F.) am here to share with you the WINNERS for our last photo challenge. You are all winners in my book!! But that would be too easy. So here is your Winner and 2 Honorable mentions. Again... thanks so much for sticking it out with us from week to week!
” I’m just thrilled we got him back. I was scared to death. There were a lot of teams out there that had money,” said Collins. ” I was scared to death some team was going to throw this offer at us, $11 million a year or something like that, that could of dramatically changed the way we build this franchise.”
Part of the influence of heavily serialised shows like Mad Men has been to render any show that engages in procedural elements “dumbed down”: lumping everything in with the CSI mould of case-of-the-week and glacial, false character development when an episode deems it necessary. But to discard every piece of procedural drama as being such is to do a dis-service to shows like ER, Homicide: Life On The Street and even Buffy (though that was more monster-of-the-week). Hell, you might as well discard The Twilight Zone if you believe that a new story in each episode represents a betrayal of the medium of television.
Ruhatit time on the zebra-moun acceleration calls her the mother of the eternals.
It is important to be realistic and honest when setting yourself goals. Rather than adding things to an already full list, thinking you will find the time to do it somewhere, carefully consider how long all the other tasks will take. If it’s not urgent then plan it for another day – and therefore avoid disappointment. And be honest with yourself about the tasks you want to do. There will always be tasks that need completing that you don’t enjoy, but if it’s something you really enjoy you are likely to complete it quicker – and to a better standard. Equally don’t just do the things you enjoy – the tasks that you don’t like are also important!
Finally, it was nice to see a pair of middle distance runners step up into the mix. First was Shannon Rowbury who, though third in Berlin, hasn’t had the most exciting of seasons so far. Today she stepped up and took a close third in the 1500 in a seasons best 4:05.73. A very good effort for her and with 3 weeks to go potentially a sign that she may yet give the big girls a strong run in Daegu. The athlete that really got my heart pumping, however, was Leo Manzano. Manzano was third in London last year with a PR 3:50.64 in the mile, today he ran the mile again – and upgraded to first place in 3:51.24 – very close to his PR. What was exciting was the manner in which he won, and who he beat for the victory. Because after staying competitive throughout most of the race, Manzano outran Bernard Lagat (USA) and Augustine Choge (KEN) – two well established milers with strong kicks of their own. Manzano looked strong and unafraid as he sailed down the finishing straight – and looked ready to compete well at Worlds. It was certainly nice to see someone other than Lagat look ready to perform over 1500 meters – especially since Lagat will only be contesting the 5000 in Korea.
Lexicon word of the day: lily-livered.
I sanded and then primed with Kilz spray primer (the best) and used Krylon Pewter Grey spray paint that I already had on hand. It turned out much lighter than I had anticipated. More of a light blue than a medium grey.
cometh. Don’t you misbehave or it’s the ironing cord for you. Thwack. Thwack.
“They have to adopt the rules of the WTO and this is a huge task for most of them,” said Imboden. “They must undertake reforms, completely revise their legal systems and establish rules that apply to all foreign investors and importers, without discrimination.”
Whatever. All I know now is that this season was just another wasted 36 hours of my life that I won’t get back, (is it just me or did it feel like it dragged on forever?). Thank God for DVR so I could fast forward through the commercials and Mondo himself. Why did I even come back to watch this crap? Michael C. was one of the top 3? Jerrell was an “all star?” Shapeless sacks culled together from mismatched colors and prints are the height of pret-a-porter fashion? I guess everyone’s taste was in their mouth for this go-round. Granted Austin Scarlet is always entertaining and original, but why did he have to waste his time on this dreck of a show? Kenley still hasn’t figured out how to talk without chewing her face but at least she’s a designer I can see appealing to a realistic customer base (when she isn’t throwing cats at her boyfriend). They should have just kept looking for investors instead of taking time out of their lives for the producers to milk them for publicity and then toss them aside for a snively little weasel with no business sense who can’t create without turning into an evil hobbit who hates on everyone except the energy sucking seamstress that is Michael C. Thanks for nothing assholes! At least I now have more reason to continue to ignore the regular season of PR, especially since that TV Land fanatic with the oompa loompa tan will be returning.
However this one is much different, but I don't mind as long as it looks as elegant as it does. And it's really practical cause it doesn't create any weird bulges, because it somehow hug your waist or so XD
Shame on you, congress.
But here is where she started:
If life were like a paper, i hope it can be one that is waterproof, filled with lots of colours. I have enjoyed staying at home on a Friday night looking at my facebook photos and videos of the past. I thank God for whatever and whoever that comes right into my life and has made an impact on me. But of course, nothing is smooth sailing in one’s life. If it is always smooth sailing, it just meant that the rocky storm hasn’t come yet, not that i am trying to meant it the hard way. It just shows how blessed we are when God is forever there during all the rocky moments and i believe when we have our smooth sailing moments, its him that see us through!
(That is also a fantastic song by The Swell Season from the movie Once)
by Don Fuller, Susan Bandias and Scott Holmes
Maddy's the one girl in Angel City who doesn't breathlessly follow the Angels on TV and gossip blogs. When she meets Jackson, she doesn't recognize him. But Jackson is instantly captivated by her, and against all odds the two fall in love.
into the wortewale
p87 “This means that the lunar rhythm not only reveals short intervals (week, month) but also serves as the archetype for extended durations; in fact, the ‘birth’ of a humanity, its growth, decrepitude (‘wear’), and disappearance are assimilated to the lunar cycle.”
Logan Keslar, a Houston native, is in the touring cast and performed in the Tony-winning Broadway production.
Tribe isn’t something funky, something colourful or picturesque or quaint. Tribe is your elders – your family and community. They are the people who remember you when you were in diapers and who will never stop telling all those embarrassing stories about you. Feathers and drums are for everyday, not just for powwows.
Somalia, which is under communist rule, is located on the Horn of Africa, with Ethiopia bordering the west. The map shows only the religion as a whole excluding denominations or sects of the religions, and is coloured by how the religions are distributed, and not by main religion of country, etc. I have modified the colours slightly in this map, and have also added the African countries for easy reference. The original map can be viewed here.
I Do Not Love You (Pablo Neruda)
In conclusion, I highly recommend learning the principles of Whole Woman posture because that is what I have found most helpful in addressing my prolapse issues. The Laselle exerciser is a helpful way to practice and ensure that I'm getting the posture right. For that reason, I feel like the Laselle exerciser would be more effective if the product included more information regarding its use, specifically counseling women on good posture to prevent and correct prolapse issues from occurring.
If the above examples remain unacceptable examples, let us look at a contemporary example from sport, in which the Black Africans’ capability is unquestioned. Castor Semenya won the 800 m at the world championship in Berlin in 2009. An earlier commentary aimed at putting the subsequent furore into objective context.
She's also had a few streets and a number of other government institutions like summer camps named in her honor, and there have been a number of books, television and radio programs in the PA controlled media about her 'heroic martyrdom.' She's regarded by Palestinian Arabs as a role model.
I've said this before and I'll say it again...Newton Abbot
I had these for the first time, and they are very yummy!
Spiritual Warfare, Power & Authority discusses: The purpose behind knowing Satan’s schemes and strategies; defining and identifying Satan’s strongholds which can be spiritual, emotional, mental or physical, and can affect our spirit, soul (mind, will, emotions) and body; understanding our position of power and authority in God’s Kingdom that enables us to stand against and defeat the enemy; explains renouncing.
My longest bike ride was 50k, which I did twice (and one very close at 47). Next week, my long ride distances will be bumping up. I’m excited but scared! We get so much damn wind in this city, that it makes it super challenging. Although I guess that will just make me a stronger cyclist once race day gets here.
x Amy x
Tell me a bit about that which fuels the creativity behind the feel of your sound.
Full of holes, Worn out
How sweet is this digi scrapped page by my sweet friend and talented BLD Designer,
“Frankie played House music, disco, soul, Jazz, “white bread” disco, gospel, club track versions of Top 40 hits and, (as we used to say), something for our Latin brothers and sisters too! He never treated the audience like they were musically inept as many so-called “consultants” have since they became the vogue in programming in the early 1990s. That, my friend, is the beauty of the Frankie Crocker syndrome, the fact that he was courageous enough to pick music from the “gut” – an all-inclusive philosophy that I developed partly by listening, student-style, to every show he performed as much as possible. I cannot count the times that I have thought-up a song, or said to myself, “Gee, I haven’t heard that jam in a long time” and during his reign, magically ‘BLS would suddenly play that very tune! That was hellified programming, and another reason why I wanted to follow in his footsteps! Looking back, it seems like yesterday but sadly, my dream was tarnished along the way because I did not count on having to sift through all of the insecure and messed-up people who were in positions of power…
At the front, the heated flow exiting the brake disc passes through the drum shaped duct via 9 angled vanes. These help direct the flow out of the wheel. Additionally there is a secondary outlet made into the leading face of the drum.
In the wee hours of the morning on Harry’s thirteenth birthday, he gets a bunch of deliveries and letters from wizardly owls, even though he didn’t send his own owl, Hedwig, out with any letters. The Weasley family won a bunch of gold in a Wizard’s lottery, and went off to visit Ron’s big brother Bill in Egypt. Ron sent Harry a pocket Sneakoscope which can tell him if someone around is untrustworthy. Hermione’s on holiday too, in France, and sent him a broomstick care kit for his Quidditch broom. Hagrid sent him a ‘Book of Monsters’ (which acts like a living monster itself,)
Then I got out the soap (100% natural, chemical-free, biodegradable soap, in case you were worried).
My work is part of a three-person show in Sharonville (a suburb of Cincinnati), Ohio, along with the wonderful art of Suzanne Fisher and Jan Boone. It's called "Figuratively Speaking", because the pieces by all three artists depict the human figure, albeit in very different styles and media. For some reason, my work is not pictured on the invitation. It's kind of strange- I don't really know how to interpret that.
I find that each time I read haiku or attend a haiku event with readings, I’m in the frame of mind to go home and write some. Just by being exposed to others’ haiku, one receives a spark that triggers thoughts for poems. In Japan, where haiku originated, people believe that the firefly’s spark enlightens us. It’s that sort of spark that comes to us when haiku is read or spoken.
Example: We were all sitting around the table eating dinner. My daughter had asked to get her ears pierced, and I told her we could go on Saturday. (We did this and had such a special girls only day that I will cherish forever!) She started talking excitedly about what else we might do at the mall, like maybe we could get a pretzel, or – This is where husband cut her off (because the nerve of this girl wanting a treat too) and said she was being rude and never thought of anyone else when she talked, and that she wasn’t going to get a whole special day just because she wanted it. So I stopped him, and said “Daddy meant we should talk about our plans another time, but that those are all good ideas” I stopped her tears before they even formed. I turned around his hurtful words, deflected them like bullets on Wonder Woman’s bracelets. Ba-Zing! Ba-Zing!
1 street
The fact is that we humans are not much to be trusted with what I am calling statistical knowledge, and the larger the statistical quantities the less we are to be trusted. We don’t learn much from big numbers. We don’t understand them very well, and we aren’t much affected by them. The reality that is responsibly manageable by human intelligence is much nearer in scale to a small rural community or urban neighborhood than to the “globe.”
Many of the speakers do an excellent job and are fascinating. I’ll admit that most are a bit out of my league or just don’t pique my interest. However, I ran across one of their videos that surprised me. You can go to TED.com or YouTube and search for “Terry Moore: How to tie your shoes”.
Back then, the paper didn't cost as much as it did these days, so it was fairly easy to persuade people to get it. The paper I sold was printed and delivered three times a week and only cost around fifteen dollars for a whole year's worth. That was a great deal, even then. I had no trouble selling in the affluent sections of the suburbs.
The bees are here!! My second year as a bonifide beekeeper ( maybe last year shouldn't count since my mentors did all the heavy work for me!). I was able to add one more hive this year, my original intention was to add 2 hives but sadly, my bees didn't survive the winter. It is very hard to keep bees in a hive alive through a Minnesota winter, esp like the one we had this past winter. I wasn't even able to get to my hives until the end of February, and even then the usual 5 minute walk took me like 20 minutes because every step was a struggle, I was hip deep in snow, and so I had to pull each leg out entirely to make the next step, it was truly exhausting! A great work out though... I thought I was going to have to give up before I even got to the hives though, I was just whipped! And quite disappointed to open that first hive and find a whole mess of dead bees in there. Then finding the same thing in the second was quite devastating. I knew I wasn't going to give up, but it did put quite a damper on any grand hive expansion I might have had in mind.
The first time I stopped there, enticed by the fruit boxes outside, I was taken aback by how quickly the young shop assistant popped out and started ogling my every move. I was so nervous I even dropped a tangerine – which he hurried to rescue and assure me it was ok. He then proceeded to explain that the oranges are good and sweet – and only 2 euros for four – would I like some? No, I would not. I felt a bit awkward though – as you feel sometimes when someone is trying to be nice and you give them the cold shoulder. So when I went inside to pay, as he placed my fruit on the scales, I noticed the peculiar photo of him, posing in front of the rows of veggie boxes outside the store.
"You'll never reach it"
Reading? One straw Revolution, by Masanobu Fukuoka, a book about natural farming and no dig growing. It's a great read so far and makes so much sense. I have recently become aware of the Permaculture movement and this style of gardening really appeals to me. As we are moving to a farm soon and will have 4 acres of land to tend the 'do little' route appeals to me!
A friend of mine sold several novels to numerous small presses. All well and good. However, most of these titles have not seen distribution through any major outlet, and therefore his ratings are slim. These ratings don't relate to the quality of his work, but rather how well he sells, how much of a brand his name may be or stand a chance of becoming. It's difficult to sell well if one doesn't promote one's work, or if that work isn't on display somewhere for the casual or not-so-casual shopper.
“Kerri and Misty in general inspire us,” Rogers said. “We’ve talked about it a lot and said, ‘Hey, let’s just try and do what Misty and Kerri do.’ They’re just so much better than everyone else. Everyone else is catching up a little bit, but when they turn it on, no one comes close to them. On the men’s side, it’s not that way. I recognize that we’re not going to be 108-0; we’re going to lose a few tournaments. …So just to be within shouting distance of them, I look at that as, ‘Wow, that’s an accomplishment.’ They push us.”
The one piece is the PERFECT size for the base of the bookshelves (after it was cut down). That was awesome.
09. High Hopes
So, let me show you today, Avon - Coral beat. I bought this polish last autumn, but I wore it a few weeks ago (just when my nail problems started).
Necessity being the motherf***er of invention, I took my first step at becoming an IT adult. I was inspired by my colleague Dean Bunn here on the UC Davis campus who has done incredible scripting to automate and make our IT day a little shorter and easier. Thanks, Dean.
Alone. I putz a lot when shopping. Although going with a friend or daughter and stopping for coffee makes a nice day out of it. My sister and I do well together on our trips when it comes to window shopping.
"The state looks at things from a very narrow scope. I think they'll realize it's not our intention to be scandalous or deceptive," said Ardaji. D'Loughy said if the restaurant opens without the trademark, it's vulnerable to the name being used by other businesses. "They would have to challenge that and that could cost the business a lot of money."
Not sure..
If we trust our kids, support them, and give them safe places to practice, they will learn all the skills they need to learn, as long as they are physically capable of doing so.
October is my favorite month in my favorite season. I met Tom in October and we got married on that same date 4 years later. We rescued Benny (and he rescued us) in October. Halloween is my favorite holiday. The leaves are changing to beautiful colors of greens, oranges, reds and browns. The weather is cool and crisp and winter is still a while away. Sweaters and jackets come out of the closet and it's the perfect time for cooking warm, comforting food like soups and stews.
2118.***E-I/31/2003. On the competing precedents of the 1938 Munich appeasement and the 1993 Waco showdown debacle. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-39.)
- Show my thanks to the blogger who gave me the award by linking back to them.
Bitch customer: Oh, you can have time later on with each other. Start poppin' those babies out!
Canadians not personable? I don't think so! Maybe you and I can chat about it sometime?
But I do have to admit a large part of it probably has to do with the fact that the first ad is, to a certain extent, about me but not for me (girls will totally sex up a guy with a non-flakey head!), while the second ad is, to about the same extent, both about and for me (girls, tampons will make all your life's travails conveniently vanish!). I wonder if there are gentlemen out there, similarly given to pointless analysis, who rankle at the idea of a tampon-powered psychic serial killer cornering them after she brutally dispatches all the other perfectly nice girls. The boy in the commercial doesn't seem to mind, but then again, neither do the bitey towel girls in the shower-seraglio foursome.
One interesting Me-262 operational fact was the formation of the very elite JV-44 squadron made up mostly of air aces lead by Luftwaffe General Adolf Galland (104 aerial victories with 7 in the Me-262). The top 5 aces in this squadron had over 1000 aerial combat victories between them (through the duration of the war) making it the most experienced combat squadron ever formed!
four weeks of intensive study, teaching for a few hours a week for the first time in my life and cramming every other spare second into assignments and trying to understand the formation of my own language!
So she can tell her stories to the girls back home
Nothing will keep me from her. I can only understand too well why Roland made the choice he did. Damn the fates, because I love her and that’s all I know.
*These plaques are from JoAnn and the faces of them are a little bigger than 4x6. It isn't quite as clean of a look, but I still like them*
We’re concerned about whether the presence of God is noticeable and active in our gathering because people don’t need an event, they don’t need a show. People don’t need famous worship leadership. They need a life-changing transaction with their Creator. That’s what people want.
My mum and dad visited this week which was lovely, and mum showed me her pattern for a tea cosy. I choose some lovely rowan wool from my stash in purple and green and knitted the Joanne Tea Cosy for my wee granny for mothers day. I found a lovely green and purple ribbon from John Lewis to finish it off. I might knit one for myself!
I challenge any of these liberal feminists from the media including Bill Maher to spend 24 hours with the five Schlapp girls ranging from ages 3 months to 9-years-old.
Hubby: No reason..besides u used to watch 4 little ones when our kids were young. What happened?
The voices sound a bit stilted - a touch Stephen Hawking - but considering I was able to put this together in a short amount of time on a budget of zero, I'm really quite impressed with the system.
I always thought that phrase was stupid. I now know it is. It infers that you were never really living before today, on that premise your previous days were wasted. But as a new year starts, new goals are set, a look back on "how I did" last year. Setting goals on how to improve my family and myself. Now some people think I should put "not have more cancer" as a goal. That is impractical, and not under any of my control whatsoever. So instead, I will focus on the things I can control. Like not kicking peoples trikes in the ditch, and not "pooping" in others cornflakes. I will try to play well with others, and not look gift horses in the mouth,(nope, I just won't look at all, unless its the other way, I don't need another horse right now). I wont be a pot calling the kettle black, or watching the pot so is never boils. This post was a short one, but I wanted it to be informational. In closing I want you to know that a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush, and that there are plenty of fish in the sea.
This week, our specials and intervention time was cancelled. That makes for a LONG day!! I survived, I'm still in one piece, and was still up by 8:00 a.m. this morning---so I must have not been completely exhausted!!! I'm so thankful I have a GREAT class!! They were so well behaved, worked hard and stayed quiet (there are two classes on the other side of my wall that were testing). I think they enjoyed their week too!!
A trick that Myst once used to perform for Matt and me, he is now doing for our son. Ryan made the discovery using Myst's toy mouse. He's been obsessed with us playing "catch" with him using his football, so he decided to try Myst's catching skills.
until half of the races of men shall be gone.
You need to know when you need your step lift you require it NOW. The last thing any individual desires to be doing is looking from the phone book. Phoning firm following company should it be late at night you will simply obtain a mobile phone giving an answer to support, little support . Ever made a scheduled appointment with a company that will never ever turned up! We’ve many times, returning to where you started you should receive the phone book away guild wars 2 gold again.
A demain mes trés, trés, trés chers amis for the weekly round-up. I'm off to the market on yet another superb spring day.
Perhaps it's because I've been out of the US so long that I love this hay-covered, gun-slinging, Republican America. I might feel like an over-educated, city-slicker driving around in my Japanese-made mini SUV, but it's this alienation that makes me feel like I've gone somewhere, like I've stepped away from my normal reality and been transported into another culture or even another era.
the depth of the verruca was revealed to be somewhat alarming
“Or plug in one of the lamps so we can-”
I’m transitioning next month to a language school in order to escape my present job as prostitute for Avantgarde Sales & Marking / Volkswagen. And during this time, I’ve been mulling over a few ideas that I’d be able to write about, so I would be able to create a sort of storyline that I can formulate into a few blog entries / collection essays / perhaps a book. The real question is whether or not the idea(s) are even worth, but I guess that’s the real test of writing: every idea is good … it just takes a great writer to make it interesting for others.
And the Queen’s heart hardened.
“I thought we were hard to find here?” Crème asked, just as quietly as Brulee had. She slowly sat up, getting out of her sleeping roll. Brulee’s hand stayed on her shoulder.
Or major corporate density method.
Who is this talking? Whose commandments are these? The Ten Commandments are “thecommandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.” Rev. 14:12.
I hope this was helpful and as always we welcome any feedback or comments.
3rd Edition was customizable, there were more options than you could shake a stick at and that lent to some very interesting character builds.
For those of you who don’t have children or for those of you who are sane (basically the same thing) there is a relatively new Christmas phenomenon that’s hit the streets of which you are probably unfamiliar. It’s called the Elf on a Shelf and in a nutshell, an elf (one of those creepy ones from the 1950's with the plastic face) sits on a shelf in your house and while your children sleep, he returns to the North Pole and reports back whether the kids have been good or bad. Apparently this goes on for the entire month of December.
We would like to see your creations with an Easter Theme.
LOST VEGAS is the story of a casino heist, but with a twist: The casino owner hires the robbers to rip off his establishment. Just when it looks as if he might get away with it, another small-town casino owner and his giant Samoan sidekick jump into the fray. LOST VEGAS is an action-packed thriller with lots of humor mixed in, and I think you'll love it. Only $2.99!
Rubicon Ranch, the collaborative novel I’m doing with some other Second Wind authors, is all about family. The birth family who’s been searching for the girl and who fall prey to con artists, the couple who wanted a child so bad that they kidnapped one, the old man who suspects his son of the crime, the woman who suspects her father, the boy who is being abused by his father, the sleepwalker who is still haunted by his dead sister, the woman who is grieving for her dead philandering husband. It’s interesting how the theme of family has evolved in such an extemporaneous project. We never planned this theme, but each of us separately chose to deal somehow with family skeletons.
14 oz Soy Jars, waxed script lid
1 John 1:9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. 10 If we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us. 2:1 My little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous: :2 And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for ours only, but also for the sins of the whole world. 3 And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his commandments. :4 He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him. 5 But whoso keepeth his word, in him verily is the love of God perfected: hereby know we that we are in him. 6 He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked.
Olympic hurdler
That's why the book Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus makes reference to the fact that men are from Mars. If men were relatively easy to figure out and completely simple to understand then the book would be called Men are from Idaho, Women are from Venus. Doesn't have the same ring to it, does it?
The ending could be a tidy wrap-up for a stand-alone book, or it could lead to a series, and I would like to see that universe expand.
Subtotal: RM 29.90
I had a privilege to work with great people last March. I was invited by an acquaintance friend for a photo-shoot at Dasma. A special thanks to Alfonso for allowing us to use his humble home for the location of our shoot.
He said there are now 55,000 welfare clients in the city, but that by 1967 there probably will be 60,000. The poor, said Dr. Cloward, could become a stake and powerful organization "in small portions of power" within the context "of a broader point."
-author unknown
**I've corrected the information in this section, apologies!
Favorite day of the week: That’s easy, Friday.
An early start was planned for the next day's drive which would take us through Chablis and Tonnere before then travelling south for a week in Dijon.
Sometimes I brat because I want attention. Sometimes it's because I actually want a spanking. Sometimes it's because I know I'm stressed or in a bad mood, and I want that rush of adrenaline that happens when I feel myself in danger of being spanked hard. When you know that someone loves you but will still hurt you in a specific, focused way, well, that brings the best kind of adrenaline rush. And adrenaline rushes tend to take my mind of off the other daily stresses of life.
yes lol my grandparents stared at me with their mouths wide open.
'She's amazing!'
Give me palmie for my throat also.
8. Video Art from China, Morona Kiang: I did not see all of this show, and to see all of it would have been a daunting, ten hour task. However, the works I saw, especially Ai Weiwei’s Chang’an Boulevard, 2004 and Chin Chuih-Jen’s The Factory, 2003, convinced me of the possible depth of Chinese video art. This is was a show that asked you to study, to explore, and find art you’ve never seen before.
Jack gets tired and it seems (to him...then to me) that the world is going to end! He starts off REALLY whiny. Which then usually quickly escalates to crying. Which THEN turns into full on sobbing, not being able to understand him, snot pouring, tears streaming, on the verge of puking, can't stand up because his "legs aren't working" blowout meltdown! Why? Oh, because I am a jerk of a mother who gave him Dasani water instead of the Brita pitcher water. I even poured it in a cup! Nope. Not gonna have it!
Does this make it a BAD thing that Lush did? Or does the end justify the means?
Amazon Kindle Ebook Reader – Some Things That You Should Know
2 Tablespoons soy sauce
With all due respect to the lovely Julia, apparently we must all suspend disbelief and buy into the fantasy (as we cannot hand over our wallets fast enough) that Teint Miracle really does perform miracles, like turn the clock back 22 years and make Julia a Pretty Woman again.
I spent time with the Lord and worked it out, coming to the conclusion that even if I didn’t go the Ph D route and try to teach, God would lead me into something great because life is more about who I am than what I do. In many ways, I’ve been stretched tremendously over the past few years in learning to process my failures with God, having him walk me through those experiences rather than getting angry with him. It has been a tough life lesson but one I am reluctantly learning…kicking and screaming at times -like a fussy little toddler. So, imagine my surprise, when I woke up a few weeks ago to see an email in my phone marked “theology decision.” I took a deep breath preparing myself for what seemed to be the last nail in the coffin. I scanned it briefly glossing over the perfunctory cordial introduction and immediately looking for the “regret to inform you” or “decided not” at the end of the paragraph. However, something unexpected happened. I caught, ever so briefly, out of the corner of my eye, just for a second, the word “accept,” which caught me off guard. I quickly scanned the entire email at that point and read what seemed to be an unbelievable truth….I GOT IN. Not only that, I was offered a teaching assistantship covering full tuition and a stipend. It was EXACTLY what we needed to pull it off. Even if I got into a program, the money thing was a big issue. I had expected to get in somewhere and not have funding, which would mean I’d have to agonizingly table the whole pursuit of Ph D studies. When not even that was happening, I had begun to lose hope. I walked in to the kitchen and read the email to my Dad. He was shocked, as was I and we shared a celebratory high five. I really couldn’t believe it. It seemed against all odds. I had beat myself up over it and resigned myself to defeat. What a difference a day can make. God proved faithful in a way I hadn’t quite expected. I felt the weight of my entire year’s worth of effort come rushing in and lift me up like a strong breeze under eagle’s wings. The Lord had provided and I was there to bear witness to it. I still have a hard time wrapping my head around it. It seems so unbelievable. I share this in the hopes that, for some of us when the risk was taken and the payout didn’t come, there was some value in taking that step. No matter the results. I felt those emotions. I also have known failure. I believe when God is in our lives, we may experience hardship, but we also can experience victories. God is in the midst of those things guiding us through the muck, helping us process when things don’t work out and patting us on the back when we experience a windfall. The journey is whats important and for that I am thankful. Don’t let a minor setback derail your journey. Who knows what lies ahead. You just may find yourself stumbling across the path to something great.
Good-by Penny Illusion
I LOATHE TEXAS SUMMERS!
All my heart,
we discussed possible diagnoses.
For my final three projects, I decided to investigate three instances where people were helping the environment two of which were making money. For one, I visited the United By Blue cleanup on Tue, May 1, 5pm – 7pm, Bartram’s Garden, 54th St. and Lindbergh Blvd. For the other, I visited the Collegeville Farmer’s Market, Sat, May 5, 9am – 1pm, 460 East Main Street, Collegeville, PA. In the former case, the company was working on the environment and their business model in equal importance. The second was full of many people of different backgrounds, all of whom cared about the environment to some degree, but found its care incidental. For the third case, where there was little to no profit, I spoke with an artist and a gardener who were in charge of the outdoor art installation called Deep Roots, at Elkins Park Front Yard Farm, 7607 Spring Ave, Elkins Park, PA 19027, on May 5th 2012, who enjoy caring for the environment and working within it to create something beautiful. This semester-long project based around “making a difference in Philadelphia” is something I took very seriously, and then expanded it to not just Philadelphia, but also immediate areas around Philadelphia. This website is dedicated to my final three projects mentioned above.
Naomi Shihab Nye is one of my favorite poets. I heard her read her poetry once, and believe me it was wonderful. The first Naomi Shihab Nye conversation poem I am sharing is "Kansas" from her book Words Under the Words.
1 1/4 c whole-wheat flour
of fairyland my works
Now that's not to say that I don't read and love other genres too. I'm quite a fan of fantasy and I'm falling more and more in love with contemporary with each novel I read.
And last weekend I spent all of 30 hours in Las Vegas for a Pigtails & Crewcuts conference, where I conducted workshops on blogging. I flew in Friday night and got to have dinner with a few friends. Then I was up early Saturday for a full day of conference activities, following by dinner with the franchisees. It was a fun crew, and I look forward to working with them more throughout the year. They’re forward-thinking and open to new ideas, and I’ve become a blogging machine, so it’s a good match. I had about an hour between my workshops and the dinner, so I walked up the Strip and checked out CityCenter and the Cosmopolitan. I can’t believe I’ve been gone nearly three years….and yet, aside from the new buildings, nothing really felt different. I caught the red eye at 12:40 a.m. and landed in Chicago at 6 a.m. Sunday. It’s been an energizing couple of months. But now, for the foreseeable future, I’m pretty darn thrilled to be home.
Hey guys. Its me. Of course! I was reading ‘The Lost Hero’ (amazing book by the way) when I thought to myself, I haven’t made a regular blog in a long time. Or that is in bold font for that matter. So I finished the page and here I am. . . typing away. :O please read on. . .
The whole gang present and accounted for.
With a score or so species, subspecies, and natural hybrids native to northeastern North America, the genus Amelanchier goes by several common names, many of which represent the plants' phenology:
Malaysians have come to the political crossroad. Our country is rich with natural resources, yet we are heading towards national economic melt-down.
We mourn because Kyle never got to take off his training wheels or start his first day of school with a yellow backpack. We mourn because Braden never graduated high school or went to college or lost his wallet on the Marching Band bus ride from San Antonio to Indiana. We mourn because Julie Miller will never get her first job or feel her heart float like a scarlet balloon through the ceiling and over the skylines until it hovers like a pinprick on the sun when she looks at her baby girl. We mourn because Howard will never grow old with Sylvia to cradle her finely wrinkled hand in his own.
Reading: nothing at all.
A typical twelve-year old child needs ten hours of sleep, whereas an adult will need about eight hours. Therefore most students at school, college or university will fall somewhere between these two figures. However, during their teenage years, they will often experience a shift forward in their sleeping patterns, meaning they can find it harder to fall asleep until after 11 p.m. or even later. This means that it can be hard for a student to achieve enough sleep if they have to be up early the next day.
The person who did the Thinking Man sculpure (I´m getting tired, and restless, so I´m not going to look up his name. hahaha :P ) did a ton of other paintings, and they are all downtown outside. I was told about this by one of my host mom´s friends, and then she and I went and saw them the next day. He made the hands and feet super large, so they are out of proportion, in order to be able to see them, and the gestures they make from far away (at least that is what I was told).
Hayate the Combat Butler 359-360 (21:53 — 26:24)
The scandal began after Lomas was accused of kissing a 26-year-old single mum in his £189-per night hotel room.
We really enjoyed this movie, which is about marriages in crisis and finding love in the ashes of life. Karah Johar (director of Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham, Kal Ho Na Ho, and My Name is Khan), has an astute ear for the emotion of relationships and he does a beautiful job here of parsing out less attractive emotions, like bitterness, jealousy, and insecurity, which underlie the two troubled marriages that are the focus of the film.
There's not abundant to acquaint here, so I'll accumulate this brief. I downloaded the Blooming Day: Bedrock Bandage admirers today to authority me over until the abounding bold arrives at my aperture next week. Afterwards arena both attainable songs, Acceptable to Paradise and Boulevard of Torn Dreams (both on bass, of course), I exited the admirers and, just afore abiding to the Dashboard, I was advised to a atramentous awning with the Bedrock Bandage apparatus logos, and the bulk "3." That's all. I told you there was not abundant to report.
“Sorry, son. What’ya say?”
For dineLA my friend 'Lindyhopper' - an uber carnivore - sold me on the amazing deal at The Capital Grille (which she goes to every time dineLA rolls around) which offers for $34, a 3-course meal that features a cut of steak that is normally $45 on its own on the regular menu! (The total estimated savings for everything is about $39!!!!!)
I called them the tribe because you always saw the same faces at protests, although they held widely varying views on the nature of their mythic united Ireland.
The campaign represents a school supply assistance program for the greater Piscataquis area by providing starter packs of new school supplies for families in need throughout MSAD #4, #41, #46, #68 and Union #60. (The starter packs include erasers!) Last year nearly 250 kids benefitted from the program and there’s every reason to believe the need will be even bigger this coming school year. Penquis is looking for donors to help empower our kids.
This Biblical mandate is based on the fact that we belong to Jesus Christ. We belong to Him for we are bought with a price and the result, according to 1 Corinthians 6:21 is to “glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God’s.”
I'm here a pillar o' Thy temple,
Education Trust all operate using the same premises (same office phone number, same fax, same PO Box address) – and, we
The girls and I went to the boy's school last week to get another "training" session on using the PODD book with Peter. I still haven't found a way to incorporate it into life at home. They say he is doing great with it at school. He hates it when we bring the book out. So, I said, give me something small and manageable to start with. I can't just start this entire thing on my own. So, we're starting with it during meals. They ran through several scenarios with us.
Reich: People don’t trust a government that
Many Alawites also joined the military. Since Ottoman times, Sunni Arabs had largely spurned army careers, but Alawites welcomed the opportunity for stable income. By 1963, they made up 65 percent of noncommissioned officers in the Syrian army. The rise of Alawites in Syrian society throughout the 1960s was assisted by political infighting among the Sunnis and the Baath Party coup of 1963, which united working-class Alawites and Sunnis under one banner.
English Ale Yeast was used to fermet the brew, which was racked to a secondary in three weeks, and then bottled two weeks later.
*Images: Hampton Art; Hero Arts Sending Smiles
Lucas Dalton, Duke of Winterson, is anything but dull. He’s a dashing and decorated war hero determined to help Cecily—even if that means looking the other way when she claims the dance card of Amelia Snow, this season’s most sought-after beauty. But Lucas has a reason for wanting Cecily to join the Egyptian Club: His brother went missing during one of Lord Hurston’s expeditions to Egypt. An alliance with the explorer’s bluestocking daughter could bring Lucas closer to the truth about what happened…or it could lead him to a more dangerous love than either he or Cecily could have imagined….
I'm not feeling up to a sensible reflection on any of this on account of information overload, but there is a tone that runs through much of this discussion that doesn't sit terribly well with me (Nostrand Park, who led off the discussion on Brooklynian, took issue with the article's characterization of CH, and I agree with them). Whether it's the initial article passing off the West Indian Day parade (one of the largest street festivals and celebrations of Caribbean culture in the world) as a post-riot "Caribbean festival" that makes the neighborhood more desirable for condo-building or the language of colonization/invasion deployed in so much of this discourse, I feel like a) I'm not learning a lot from it and b) it's not offering a very accurate or nuanced portrayal of what's actually happening in the neighborhood. Even the snarky mockery that lots of blogs/comments employ strikes me as unproductive - it's easy to poke fun at the gentrifyers, but that seems to be a project for justifying one's own authenticity/self-awareness in the context of neighborhood change (and to raise a question that was raised of this blog in comments in the post below, I wonder how many of the people commenting on this WSJ article are CH residents, and what demographic they're in).
Sticker Shape: Standard Stickers
This non-evidence-based but pervasive biopsychosocial ideology is now being foisted on the unsuspecting people of Australia and New Zealand, because in May 2010 Aylward wrote a report for the Australasian Faculty of Occupational and Environmental Health (Realising the Health Benefits of Work: A Position Paper. Professor Sir Mansel Aylward CB; Director: Centre for Psychosocial Research and Disability Research, Cardiff University (the Centre being funded by the health insurance company UNUM Provident). In it, Aylward asserts:
However, every now and then a school that has spent decades in the Division I wilderness, searching in vain for the road to the tourney, finds its way out of the woods and into the promised land. Two seasons ago it happened to American University, which had just missed in several Patriot League tourney title games before finally punching its ticket with a 52-46 victory over Colgate. AU had been in Division I since 1967.
The very first sentence was;
No, you are not a politician.
Good news: once I'm finished tomorrow, I never have to take state tests again! YES THANK THE GODS.
Some “urban myths” about True Colors:
The Apostle Peter was not a Jedi, despite what may be inferred from his writings.
I recently came across a video clip of Carte Blanche, one of the few sources of some trustworthy journalism from South Africa. Please watch it and take note of certain parts. The fact that people are often murdered for no reason at all, like we and others have stressed so vehemently before. That it is nothing to do with crime, but rather hate crimes against whites and also other races. Just like farm murders have nothing to do with theft or poverty, these crimes are committed by elements which know they’ll get away with whatever they do. That in the worst case scenario where they get caught (and you can research the minute minority of cases actually solved), there will be an official prepared to take a bribe to make a case docket disappear.
in the face of complacency
But lovers are pipel hou
The BBC’s equally white-hating and racist ideologues-in-arms at the Guardian manage to write an article outlining Congo’s invitation to white South African farmers who wished to up sticks and farm there instead, without mentioning why they might wish to leave South Africa in the first place. The article then finished with a reference to the imminent “invasion” of Congo. How evil and racist must these “liberal” journalists be, that they can wilfully ignore an ongoing racial genocide and label those fleeing as invaders?
Alexander Hamilton wrote Federalist Paper 63. This paper directly refers to the Electoral College. Our founding fathers feared that those who ran for office could dupe the American people into voting for them. These men wanted to insure that the most qualified person was elected president. The Electoral College acted as check to so that the American people couldn’t be fooled.
Thanks for listening, Internets. Now go back to whatever it was you were doing, and whoever it was you were doing it with, before you were collectively banned.
I galumph over to the coffee maker as the sound of a way-too-awake Mario and Luigi race around my living room.
Band of Brides demands less bullshit! Band of Brides demands a better government! Band of Brides demands diamonds and pearls! And free drinks at the bar!
and I decide I don't care
Horvit quotes Manny Garcia, the IRE Board President, “Mike and Ken have always been unselfish with their time and talent,” Garcia said. “They both exemplify what IRE is all about: equipping and training journalists world-wide to produce important investigative work. It speaks to their character and the quality news organization that is The Seattle Times.”
This was after over six inches of rain early Wednesday morning and, since the photo was taken around 5:00 p.m., the water had actually receded quite a bit. The spot I usually stand in is just to the left of those saplings. The water was flowing pretty darned fast and we watched an ARMCHAIR float down the river. By tomorrow morning, the flow will be slower and water will be lower, so we will go wet some line and hope the fish are biting. Whatever you do this weekend, I hope it brings you joy! Bead on, beadlings!
I hate when these things happen on my watch.
I hope this helps. It sounds like you've gotten some good news lately so congratulations!
never knew sweat could weigh so much
When reality hits and they realize they are just another human being that will be taken care of when it’s possible it discourages not only them but anyone they ever talk to again in their lives.
Photo By: Martin Cathrae/ flickr.com
I really loved this book. It was at times very difficult to read. When Hassan is assaulted, when Assef beats Amir, when a father commits suicide as they escape from Afghanistan, when there is a public stoning at a sporting event now that the Taliban have taken over…author Khaled Hossein paints a vivid picture that will stick with you even after you’ve finished it.
Our hats are off to you, Men's Journal.
Libya said Senussi is under investigation for crimes which it says took place during 2011, such as the shooting of captured rebels who were no longer able to fight.
The only bummer about having visitors (aside from the extra sheets and towels to wash) is the crushing silence that follows when they’re gone.
And yet, in many others – I still feel very much like a failure.
4. If you look at the ground instead of looking up ahead, you’ll lose your balance and crash.
New Orders since End of Day 11/30/2010, settled by end of day 12/31/2010
Nawab Khan, president of the Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Purush Sangharsh Morcha, demanded that the IOA must immediately tell IOC that it will not accept Dow Chemical’s money. “It is a matter of national shame that the IOA and Mr. Malhotra have succumbed to the temptation of American dollars and ignored the fact that these dollars are coming from a company responsible for death and poisoning of thousands of Indian citizens,” he said.
Every time I make the climb up the stairs I can hear the sounds of a community. The sizzle of a wok comes out from the kitchen window and the smells of all sorts of food entice me. The third floor window often emits the noises of a Shanghainese family playing Mahjong. The tiles were clattering around for 3 houses yesterday. The morning often features the older residents out the hallways washing the days vegetables and every morning as I come out into my kitchen the lonely sound of a violin wafts through the air.
A very compelling argument there, Noam. – Much like the news, I somehow catch kicks putting in; out of context quotes in my writing.
The other, in a place far more holy than the first. Free, true, tangible, fresh, dusty, exposed, timeless. It was still not my god, but it made much more sense to me there.
I am sure so many of us have heard about going green. In one way or another the world wants us to do our part in this initiative. I think its a great concept, the only issue is helping people understand how to do it practically. If you don’t show how it saves money, or time people just won’t change. Oh of course there is always that event that happens that makes everyone change, but I would rather do it the easy way. Being part of a company that was about green initiatives for while taught me a lot, it taught me that basically , going green saves a whole lot of money. It may cost more on the initial start of it at times but over time you save a ton of money.
I love reading submissions. I do it on the train in and out of work and often at weekends, because submissions are a treat. You never know what little gem you are going to uncover and what scary thing is lurking in the depths. So while I'm away, my submissions will remain untouched (because I read all my own). Hopefully a wonderful little story will come in while I'm relaxing, and I'll get to have all the fun of finding it when I get back!
Don't let your life pass you by
The pearls are from Wild Orchid Crafts.. I also added some Frosted Lace Stickles on her dress and Cotton Candy Stickles on the flowers..
Nick’s issue with the show also popped up with the Mars episode. In the episode the kids fly all the way to Mars and land at the base of Olympus Mons and then spend the majority of the episode climbing the mountain by foot while Rocket changes shape and drives up next to them. This is where Nick lost it.
And so right now, I’m working daily to reshape my feelings about this whole situation. I can’t, in good conscience, send my child off to school in the morning in a cloud of anguish and anxiety. Nothing could be more unfair to her.
Omigbodun continues exemplifying the problems that lie underneath and that makes it difficult for us to move forward as a nation. Another example is that of “Seun and his wife” whose major focus is to go abroad since the country is no more pleasant and enjoyable to stay again. One can however agree to stay if he/she wants to remain “dormant: without progressing in life. The picture of how government workers work with their unfriendly voices that echo out in their throats as they attend to visitors. One can see this in the character of Teacher who goes to the Foster Home to see the “vagrants/motherless children”. However, the voice of Mr. Adefola chases her back as he asks what she wants. In the first place, he is not around but later appeared but with an unfriendly voice. Mr Adefola is more or less like a government worker whose behavior serves as threat to anybody who consults him/trying to offer down something- that of the homeless children, an irresponsible fellow.
This response is multiply confused. First, each universe in the ensemble is not simple but is characterized by a multiplicity of independent constants and quantities. If each universe were simple, then why did Dawkins feel the need to recur to the hypothesis of a World Ensemble in the first place? Besides, the issue is not the simplicity of the fundamental laws, for all the universes in the ensemble are characterized by the same laws—where they differ is in the values of the constants and quantities.
If I'll ever get to pay.
I am doing ok. I think with time this will get easier, but right now i am tender and emotional and probably quite hard to be around:) Ava misses Jas and is confused by his absence- that's probably the hardest thing for me.
He said, “Why did you pick that color?” But the tone was, “That’s ugly. What were you thinking?”
-Brent
12 ounces whipped topping
The report is of interest because it comes directly from the tobacco industry, whose campaign of doubt regarding smoking and lung cancer in the twentieth century has been well documented. There is, then, good reason to treat what they say with scepticism. And on the opposing side, we have an anti-tobacco industry with a dreadful record of using misleading data and junk science in the twenty-first century. Each side have obvious partisan interests—one is financial, the other is ideological.
“There aren’t any others. It’s just you two, me, the cook and five porters.”
Tsuruko: Let’s get started!
Apparently, it doesn't end there.
Three or four times, with slight variations, on that theme. Yes, E@L has lost weight. Quite a substantial amount. Well, 'substantial' is a relative term.
· Try and arrange a job while in ZA, it just makes things easier with the red tape. Often it pays to get a professional C.V. writing company to create a C.V. for you.
but notice the little fence around it.
Hello all. I have yet another change to my blog. An even healthier change. Aside from posting about gluten free recipes I will be adding in diabetic friendly recipes now. I have been diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes. Gee, I wonder why, I have posted lots of yummy recipes here. I am OK knowing I have it I have accepted it, I am exercising at least 30 minutes every day and eating healthier and still gluten free. I am very happy to say that I have LOST 15 lbs since Oct., when I went gluten free. I have started charting my daily workouts on dailymile.com so feel free to workout/follow along with me and we can keep each other motivated =) . You can see my little mile tracker in my side bar there.
Where to start? When in doubt, I usually turn to my BFF, J.K. Rowling, for wisdom. People really seemed to like her rags-to-riches story, the whole struggling-single-mum-on-welfare-makes-good angle. So with that in mind, I’m going to tell you something—something that not a lot of people know about me.
#24. Thankful for my children's friends. I love watching them play with their friends and I am so glad they have good friends from our church.
-fence the front yard (something short, and cute to keep the dog penned in)
I'm assuming most parents wouldn't brag about these things. Why not? Because it's pretty obvious why we might be better at these things than our children. We are bigger, stronger, more experienced with words and strategies and making money. The decks are stacked in our favor. Our kids have no chance against us in these and many other competitions.
Hello Everyone, Angie Blom here with some great NEWS!!
4. If I have to explain number what to do for him at the number four mark then you need to stop reading this altogether and take a long look in the mirror. And be ashamed.
My first memory that I can remember is of my mom. She's pregnant with my little sister and she's showing me her belly explaining to me how to be a big sister. I remember my favorite outfit to play dressup in was the dress that my mom wore on her first date with my dad. In my world, it was a place of magic with princesses and princes and dragons and knights and there was never a time that she told me it wasn't. She encouraged us to dream, to live life in color and i've done that and never looked back. She sped to bring me clothes the time some girls in middle school poured water down my pants just so that I could face them in the same day. Even in the midst of what at the time seemed like her biggest failure, my mom was the one with a deathlock grip on me just telling me over and over that she was going to fight for me. When I called her from 800 miles away, asking if 32 days was too soon to plan a wedding, she was my biggest advocate.
But children grow up, as I've learned to my sorrow.
In 2010, WordPress disabled blog features including tags and categories which drastically reduced Internet traffic to Apartheid Fort New Zealand blog.
This cheese blogging adventure is taking some interesting twists and turns. There a lot of people living in Canada, and a lot of those people like cheese. I initially assumed that not very many people would have much interest in a blog about Canadian Cheese. It is turning out that there is a community of people just as curious, passionate and interested in the topic as me. Even more interesting is the fact that that many people reading this blog do not live in Canada.
A banner on Maliweb reads “Latest update: The red berets seem to control the city of Bamako – the ORTM, the airport (two planes just landed – uncertain if these are ECOWAS planes). Many deaths at the ORTM. There is no access to the Kati road. Engine sounds from heavy combat vehicles can be heard at the Kati garrison. The meeting in Ouaga scheduled for today has been canceled. A declaration is awaited on the TV.”
2. Be a featured seller on Heartsy (check! - Jan 16)
I wonder if she's happy - I hope so. She was one of the good people. There’s not many good people around me anymore, that I’ve decided. Trust me - I’ve looked. It’s all about having a heart, passion and being genuine - ain't it?
I can't believe that I'm selling these two paintings because they were our first two pieces of art!
April looks pretty uneventful as I didn’t post many notes in my daytimer. I know for a fact it wasn’t uneventful as I had many fires on the go, was still struggling with Firestone Head Office, was having the boat to sell and dealing with many brokers, had many paperwork tasks to do related with Rob’s passing, etc. I did not at this time know anything about Law of Attraction or any other self development knowledge, but looking back now … I wonder just how much I had to do with what was showing up in my life?
Thank you all so much for your support. It means so much to us.
Have you got all this? We wish were we fooling around with two guys with a lot of bucks.
The U.S. House of Representatives today approved a controversial Internet surveillance bill, rejecting increasingly vocal arguments from critics that it would do more to endanger Americans’ privacy than aid cybersecurity.
Artist Lynette Reed
And to our children let their memory pass,
Help you if you have a passion for gardens, gifts for him for their birthday geureuljugi Basket There is nothing more. It has two purposes: plus the thoughtful gifts and shows you that you have with sufficient care, it is impossible to keep them happy. Standards for Child Care Gift Basket at the garden you can or you think it is that you can throw things together in his mother wants one. Things that you and your clothes and personal gardener tools for embossing and embroidering the name of the tool kit includes several, Gardening, seeds of this book, he wanted to pack, gloves hats, and gardening aprons, and so on. Toiletries, as well as something for women to enjoy. The fact is that regardless of the validity of one or a completely different issue. For her birthday, that they were using great cosmetics pamper an array of people. Expensive shaving kit, her favorite perfume, shampoo and conditioner, the exotic fragrances, aromatherapy massage oil, delicious flavor and some body lotion, bath salts, cosmetics, gift baskets, some exotic disease can be included in the item. Any particular brand they like you, or buy both experiments and other bath products, other brands may be for sale. Gift Basket of chocolate and candy every hour of the classical type. Sure you know what your favorite chocolate. Name, and it’s taste like chocolate, especially if a specific brand, flavor, some other brand chocolate flavor.
During WWII, women did countless jobs to free men to fight. We often think about Rosy the Riveter and women who went into the workforce for the first time, but women also went into the military for the first time in jobs other than nursing. Homefront Heroines: The WAVES of World War II is a documentary film about the women who volunteered for service in the Navy during the war. At the website and blog for the film, you can find wonderful exhibits, pictures, and stories of these women as well as a trailer for the movie to be released in August 2012. They have both a Facebook page and a website.
Leviathan by Scott Westerfeld. It’s really good.
I told GTO she didn’t have to go back in. She could go to the waiting room. She wanted to go back in and see it through. She’s as strong as she is smart.
My writer’s journey is just beginning.
So, what did I make to honor the festive occasion this year? While I do like big bundts, (I cannot lie, ) I got a mini bundt pan for Christmas last year and I had not yet gotten around to using it. If you can't break in your bundt pan for "NBD" when can you?
After cutting out and baking the cookies using my favorite sugar cookie recipe from the book "Pretty Party Cakes", I used black royal icing to pipe my borders, and then filled in the various colors in each section (kind of like paint by numbers!). This was by far the most complicated cookie I've made so far - usually my cookies only have 2 to 3 colors, but this one had 6 different colors!
Just don't ask me how i am (3x)
While I'm on the topic of publicity, I may as well throw out a question about self-promotion. How much is too much? The topic of this blog has narrowed somewhat in the past few months. It's been mostly about me. And sure, most blogs are completely about their authors, but this particular one was originally set up as a means to draw attention to the growing community of Irish crime writers; and lend a little more focus to those writers from the North. That's still something I'm keen to do, but in reality, I'm just not as good at it as Declan Burke over at Crime Always Pays.
Weight training improved balance as well (without people going to to the trouble of doing yoga or tai chi – although, a well-rounded weight lifting program incorporates balance exercises as well – so maybe that’s it?)
Now for the headlines. The 2013 Focus ST sports a turbocharged 2.0L EcoBoost engine with 252HP and 270 lb-ft of torque. Paired with a six-speed manual transmission it sounds like a pretty potent package. Another important feature is the Electronic Power Assisted Steering (EAPS), which should compensate for the torque steer developed by high-powered, front wheel drive vehicles.
The Name of the Game
Seventy-four percent of the publishers are now fully engaged in implementing digital versions of their magazines and books. 43% of the publishers maintain separate digital operations from their print publishing operations and 67% believe that digital additions will not change from their normal printed publications. For publishers, copyright control is the most dominant management issue. In contrast, consumers insist on the freedom to share content with friends, family and colleagues, and they expect that digital publications can be shared among smart phones, tablets and e-readers. This (like the issues facing the recording industry) suggests an inherent conflict between the subscription tradition of the publishing industry, particularly magazines and newspapers. Consumer insistence in a new right to multi-media access will create substantial change in the way the publishing industry works.
6. Name one thing about the class that you know now that you would have liked to have known when you originally rolled your toon.
Democrats == Corporate shills.
Trying to learn
You got up pretty early this morning, but when I brought you to my bed you went back to sleep for about an hour. Thank you for holding my hand while you slept in my bed. I didn't get to fall back asleep, but holding your little hand was worth it. You may not be the best sleeper, but I wouldn't trade you for one that is.
Legality
Racists are a strange bunch. I am sure there are very well to do racists but these tend not to be the ones who are out and proud racists. The racist we see on TV are ignorant, incoherent, knuckle dragging thugs fixated on telling everyone that they are not actually racist and reminding everyone who will listen that they will not tolerate any racists within their organisation and then rolling out the token black racist to show us all that they can not be racist if they have a black racist in their organisation.
Bank account the size of Texas gets ‘em every time
B Oh No Not!
In Wellington earlier this month he launched the spring seasonals with a tasting. My pick of the bunch was Miere. Described as a Golden Honey Dubbel Miere is a strong golden ale that has had an addition of Lake Hawea manuka and clover honey added. The result is a full bodied golden ale with a hint of spicy honey on the nose , a hint of fruity hop and floral honey in the mouth and a crisp refreshing finish. Kauri is described as an Old Flemish Dark with an infusion of kauri wood flavour. The result is a steely dry dark ale with a hint of tannic woodiness and a long roasty finish. Finally Miner Galore is described as being a Swiss style Doppel Bock with Rosehip. The resulting beer was fruity and mellow with some lovely rich malt, bright hops and a hint floral rosebud. All three beers are interesting and although a little surprising for those of us who expected the Belgian brewer to produce some big Belgian style beers. The next three seasonals are due soon and will revolve around the wheat beer theme with spices and fruit coming into the equation! Cheers
How words like "hate" and "cure" don't help anyone.
So years later I still hesitate a little to get my layouts off the table and onto the sites I post them to.
And the reason why the battery was flat? I’d turned on an interior light to look for something in the car when I parked it up. And forgot to turn it off. Four days later, battery drained…:-(.
But I’m bound to make some mistakes again,
Have you heard other ones that I missed?
So let me ask you:
Got a puppy
I used some of my cuttlebug folders for some of the squares and inked over them for that sort of grungy look. I also cut some black squares and put them through my cuttlebug, because I am not sure wether I like that look or not and I may just put them over the inked squares lol. I'm going to run it by my DT hahaha (my girls) to see what they think. If I'm not sure about something I always get their oppinion.
I didn’t see that one coming. “Work boots? But why? You don’t wear work boots. The last time you wore them was when you worked construction years ago.”
“Winter Wipeout is a show written and produced by gay spies and orgy-ists or homociders.”
35. Going Up
06 The Rootsman - Wadada (Sema Mix) (5:03)
and the appalling circumstances of his death make it look as though the reverse is true,
Garlic Oil (optional) or you can just use olive oil
ABV: 6.2%
The point of the film is the story; no one ever said this was to be an exercise in historical education. Such a looking-backward is by definition Romantic. In assembling his fairy tale scenario, writer director Michel Hazanavicius seems to have asked himself “What would Chaplin do?” In his later years, Chaplin increasingly dealt with changes in 20th century aesthetics by looking wistfully backwards and crafting simple, poetic tales that drew from those 19th century forms the pantomime and the melodrama. (I’m thinking chiefly of A Woman of Paris, The Circus, City Lights and Limelight). When he was on his game, the results were magic. The best Hollywood films can be expressed on the back of a matchbook: King Kong, The Champ, Scarface. The balancing act is of course to do a story everyone already knows, but to do it in such a way that it is sufficiently new that it will hold our interest. Here, Hazanavicius has mostly plundered A Star is Born and Singin’ in the Rain. Jean Dujardin is a swashbuckling star of silent films; Bérénice Bejo his new discovery, whose very name is “Peppy”. When talkies come in, Dujardin refuses to change and is washed up. Bejo becomes the new flavor of the month. The two also happen to love one another. It seems unresolvable, until the germ of the happy ending, planted early in the picture, sprouts at the 11th hour.
It took us about 20-30 minutes by vehicle.
Beyond the coming darkness,
to be in April.
Furthermore, I can see the bastardry of the slowly-fraying-and-ready-to-break-any-minute trick that necessitates in the purchase of several spare pairs of 'just in case' shoelaces but which ends in the shoes wearing out before the laces actually give out.
Pakistan has been plagued by sectarian attacks, with Shia Muslims targeted by radical Sunni groups.
Amit Bansal answers, The perfect reply is a genuine reason of why you are leaving your current job. Most companies only want to check your commitment level when they ask this question. If you were not leaving your current job you would not be able to join them. And the reason they are interviewing you is because they want you to join. So don’t panic, this question doesn’t mean they want to reject your candidature. They just want an affirmation of your commitment.
Homicide, the paramount crime and the recipient of more investigative resources than rapes, robberies, or property crimes, grants its investigators something of a head start. It's common to see the blue-gloved employees from the office of the medical examiner bagging evidence while the victim, listed as "likely," still draws breath in a nearby hospital. Once they expire, the file officially becomes a homicide but detectives have already been assigned and the investigation is already underway.
We'll just start off my parents' visit with this little window into their vacation. LOL
Never saw a kid behave like this (Mankind giving in to Mind Control and the order of the Elite through media,sex, drugs, music and mayhem)
Tips For Using a Firm Body Shaper
4. Consider your image. Before getting started, think about why you are using a particular site. What do you want to accomplish? This will help guide both the image you project and the types of people with whom you interact. I’ve been told by some that I’m too open and crazy with my social media but there is actually a method to my madness (basically, in the words of Groucho Marx, “I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.”). Remember that anything you say on the ‘Net never EVER goes away.
Sent: Monday, April 09, 2012 6:07 PM
The 1960s were turbulent times and for those whose youth was spent in that decade, After the Falls: Coming of Age in the Sixties—a Memoir by Catherine Gildiner will ring many familiar bells. It begins with her starting high school and the youthful adventures common to that era. She is a natural storyteller who grew up to become a clinical psychologist in private practice. Her earlier memoir “Too Close to the Falls” drew wide acclaim.
sadya<U+1E25> k<U+1E63>i<U+1E47>oty anvaham edhati sati
[50] Michael Green, 2 Peter and Jude. Tyndale New Testament Commentary, (rev. ed. Grand Rapids: William B. Eerdmans Publishing Company, 1987), 14.
This book was good but I could tell Harris was wrapping up the series. A lot of closure in this book and a lot of story telling and not much action. So I was a little disappointed in that. There were also a few characters that we have grown to love that just don't even make an appearance in this book. But there are some that we love that make an appearance like Bubba! (love him) I am really ready for the fairy drama to wrap up. But I suppose that will be the big bang in the last book.
Crane was shot dead in her car in November 2003, while traveling to the Johannesburg High Court to attend the trial of alleged Israeli mafia member Lior Saat, accused of murdering Crane's estranged husband near Sunninghill, Gauteng in 1999. Aa source close to Crane said that she knew too much, being able to identify and implicate a number of figures in the Saat murder case. She was the third state witness in the Saadt murder trial to be murdered; Julio Bascelli was shot in the head in a deserted garage soon after Avassi's death in 1999 and Carlo Binne was shot dead at the Gecko Lounge, a Johannesburg nightclub, in April 2001
I’m pretty harsh on idol shows, because my favorite show is too, an idol show: Super Dimension Fortress Macross, Macross 7, Macross Frontier, Macross Plus, Macross: Do You Remember Love? These shows give interesting idol contexts, phenomenal music (relative to pop idol fare), and are love triangles set against the backdrop of great battles. I remember some fanboys trying to convince me about the awesomeness of Idolm@ster characters. Better luck selling refrigerators to walruses.
Sometimes ending like this can feel a little clichéd, wrapping things up too tidily. But it is not the case with this collection – Dennison’s finishes with loops and knots pulled so tightly that she grips the reader right down to the very last word.
15. Secret Service
Matthew's class had a field trip out to LaFayette to the Children's Museum of Acadiana. It was just a regular children's museum - nothing specific to Acadia. And it was an expensive field trip. I wonder how families with tighter budgets than ours make this work.
Im also entering this to:
I’ll orchestrate this Through-Air Movement.
They refused to give me a lift back to my flat and I declined their offer of a bed for the night. So, alas, I still have a lot to learn about Australian policing but I am sure there will be more updates in this area before my tour of duty is up.
- used alone or as foundation base
Next up: Guns! AND Religion!Yes,soon you will be allowed to bring your handgun to church with you. If your pastor says it's OK. It's just like the Bible says, "Jesus wept because the Pharasees wouldn't let him bring his Glock into the Temple. So he passed a law and busted a cap in their asses."
A Pynchon time saves
Kasher: We take decisions that reflect our acceptance of some aspects of international law; other parts, we have not accepted. The prime question, in these fields of morals and ethics, is what I see when I look in the mirror – not when I watch the BBC.
Then I did what I always do-I Googled it! I put in "Pottery Barn knock off" and came across a post describing this light from Overstock.com. I honestly can't see a difference, can you? I have bought several items from them in the past, including a queen mattress for our guest room (no tax and $1.00 shipping!). I have yet to be disappointed. I read the reviews for the light (very helpful) and ordered it right away. A week later I had this!
Boy, I sure woke up in a chipper mood this morning for absolutely no reason at all! Or, maybe it’s because I was able to sleep in for once… Either way, it’s a beautiful day! Oh, and happy Cinco de Mayo!
Today, I'd like to share with you some spectacular online resources.
Caitlin straightened up in the back seat, craning her neck to see out the front window. “It says . . .”
On Bernanke’s reign at the Fed:
Replace the hand towel with a clean one (please do this at least once a day with many kids around!).
In the January 6 editorial, “No more excuses: Get children immunized”, you fail to mention one of the most important objections informed parents have against certain vaccinations: the fact that many current vaccines are tainted by the use of aborted fetal cell lines. In fact, all the Rubella/MMR, Chickenpox, Shingles and Hepatitis-A vaccines currently available in the US are abortion tainted.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F
“That’s your family back there?” She squeezed her eyes tighter but Greta had left for her hiding place in the back of Mattie's brain so instead she opened her eyes and looked out the window. As the bus pulled away she could regrettably see Corey in direct line of “Jacks” inquisitive finger poking at the bus window. All disappointing six feet two inches of him dwarfed by tiny terror a castrating foreman of a wife marriage was apparently laying her thick shame and disappointment at the lack luster efforts of Mattie's son as both husband and father. Either the Apple or the Orange had their arm deposited fully up the receiving end of a vending machine and was crying a fit as he screamed like a stuck pig. Mattie was thankful the bus pulled away as it did saving her the suffering of yet another one
I glare as him I hate being called Kathryn and he knows it. "No problem Gaymie."
Keep in mind that the curtains to the right of the bed are white with yellow, black and white panels at the bottom, and there is a tall long mirror with a thick black frame to the left of the bed.
They're kept in the little fridge behind the Kit-Kats, little plastic packs with a paper insert proudly proclaiming them as Kerala Poppadum. Toss 'em in a small, hot pan and dry fry 'em and they puff up and crisp - ideal for a crispy side on a curry night, just right for a slather of hot chutney - as evidenced by my ancient post over on The Fat Expat.
It is a struggle in the twenty-first century, but even though we downsized our home, we increased our property, have clean air and clean water and a minimum of electronic noise surrounding us. It’s not for everyone, but it can be done if you take the time to study your choices and get in touch with what you want out of life…”
We will never say die ever!
We had our 2nd Saturday Altered Book Club meeting at Jean's lovely Victorian Home that was built in the 1800's. Here is Jean about to open her gift. The gifts were hand made for the person whose name we drew.
Forgiveness, like love, is not just a feeling. It is a conscious choice and an definite action. You have to make the choice to forgive, and keep working at the forgiveness. This is especially true when the person you are working to forgive is still trying to hurt you. Keep working at it anyway, for yourself, and your family. Forgive as many times as you need to forgive. Ask God for help. Forgiving does not condone the behavior, words, or actions, of the one who hurt you, but it frees you from needing to hold onto your hurts. Freedom is an excellent feeling, and place to be.
Though Mr. Karzai appeared elated at the ceremony, he has frequently expressed frustration with the American presence, bitterly criticizing the United States on issues like night raids conducted by Special Operations troops and civilian casualties.
was interested in where the less than 500 members. So here is how it broke down, I have 817 connections (yes a member of the 500+ club). However there is a rule for my connections as I must know them and they must know me. In short requests come in every day from folks because they work for the same company or we are members of a group in common. These won’t be accepted as they don’t meet the criteria above of knowing each other which matches with Dunbar’s criteria.
Cut the metal. We used a disc cutter to cut three sets of disks from the scrap metals. We cut two 1-inch disks from copper, two 7/8-inch from brass and two 3/4-inch from sterling silver.
La Grande Illusion (France…Jean Renoir)
-The Vandals
Well, off to bed so that I can enjoy a nice 4th of July Traditional Irish Breakfast, and then another busy day of exploring Blarney Castle and Killarney National Park.
So it worked on all levels, educational and entertainment. All of your favorite characters are in this show (Big Bird, Grover, Elmo, Abby, Cookie Monster, Oscar, Telly, Zoe, Bert and Ernie, Rosita, Prairie Dawn, Grundgetta, Honker, and The Count), and they make a big entrance and interact with the audience. The sound quality was very good, and the costumes, sets, and special effects were lots of fun.
Confused, she said, “What is
I wish I could count how many times people with short hair have come to me about tips for short Hime hair. Well, all I can say is, it's a lot more common than you think! Here are some ideas. I can't exactly explain how to do any of them...as I haven't tried them all, but by lots of patience and playing around, it'll be a breeze to flaunt any of these hair styles <U+2665>
My lips tremble
and see that there is no light.
Charlotte Rampling, Under the Sand
The research went well and with much enthusiasm, my son, with some direction, came up with vocabulary flashcards with river terminology like “mouth” and “source” and “delta”. He also created about six flashcards with facts on the world’s longest rivers and New York State rivers. To top it off, he wrote the flashcards showing off his latest 3rd Grade skill: using cursive letters!
And finally, we have the maxi dress. What I love about the maxi dress (aside from what I wrote about here, is that is can be dressed up or down depending on the occasion. So you can pair it with wedges and wooden bangles for a more casual wedding or with fancy heels and chandelier earrings for a more formal event. Of course, not all maxis can do double duty, but the one with the right material, cut and pattern will. And while none of these maxis are black tie, they come pretty darn close.
This apartment went from college dorm room to lady like chic!
Kenny rubbed the bridge of his nose. “You were stopped for speeding. Now, you’re charged with being an active participant in the Clark Imports incident. Where were you that night?”
I love Treme and getting to meet the actors who bring some of my favorite characters to life was fantastic! I handed out my Dirty Hands Krewe cards to them, in hopes they would maybe take a moment and read what we are doing here. After all, Treme is all about Post-Katrina New Orleans.I am so happy to have my copy of Season 2, it makes me feel better when I am missing this incredible city. All though admittedly I sometimes wish I really could hang out with those characters for real. Especially Davis, Aunt Mimi, Jeanette and Antoine. Those are my favorite characters! I also got to meet John Boutte and that was a highlight too! What a charming man. I hung around for awhile after, not wanting to miss out anything. I giggled when I passed Wendell Pierce on my way down the street and said to him,”it was nice to meet you.” and he replied with “see you again Dirty Hands Krewe!” My day was already made and it was only noon.
#10 Francesco Garzarelli of Goldman Sachs: "Pressures on Euro area sovereign bond markets have progressively intensified and spread like a wildfire."
Thursday: Zoo field trip with James and his class. Does this count as a workout? James thought so...
Roses: Prima & Wild Orchid Crafts
The morning of the memorial I got two phone calls from two of the gals Rob had affairs with and who were members of the yacht club. I’d been up very early that day, got myself and my son ready so we could arrive early to make sure things were in order. I was very calm and unemotional which was great! I answered the phone and my stepdad was sitting on the couch in my Family Room straight across from me. I can’t remember now who called first, but I think it was Karyn, who I affectionately nicknamed WC and you’ll have to read back many posts to see what that means.
The problem now is that I have a bitter ale recipe with a blended Belgian/English yeast. What to call it? As I generally eschew style nerdiness and meticulous adherence to the BJCP, I am going to call it a Belgian Bitter. It will be named "Bob's Yer Uncle", not only because it came to me the other day out of the blue, but because the alliteration of "Bob's Yer Uncle Belgian Bitter" rolls off the tongue nicely and creates the anticipation of many days working behind the bar talking about it. Casking up day is tomorrow, and I hope to have it on the pumps a little over a week later. See you at the pub.
FIVE PURPLE THINGS,
"Oh my God. Oh my God." said the voice on the other side of the stall door.
When I texted him saying ‘That’s too bad. Was looking forward to it’ his reply was ‘It would have been a great idea if things weren’t getting so complicated. Another time.’
and online at:
It was a beautiful song
Planners write the briefs.
1/2 cup champagne
Allegations of critical lapses at Texas crime labs, including one of the state’s most vaunted facilities, were among a dozen complaints reported to the Texas Forensic Science Commission and made public this week by the fledgling state agency that investigates misconduct by the forensic science community.
Designer - Lee Murphy
We have chosen a different imaging place this time because we feel that the one we went to for Avery's ultrasounds was lacking in knowledge. I feel like they should have noticed that something wasn't right with her. Between her lack of proper growth and the way her umbilical cord looked, they should have noticed something. Anything.
I was trying to live my life on this new theory, that "You only live once..." But hell, who wants to live a life full of bad decisions, simply because we're trying to be carefree? I know I'll find a happy medium.. I'm just wondering WHEN?!
The rod of iron
Oh my God....I remember those hands.....
I have a home, it has wheels.
So, why short stories?
You'd wonder where you are.
See it iced and trimmed with roses!
Kit includes the following:
e) America’s underclass would be trimmed.
"It is 0900 hours and there has been no surrender," said General Lloyd Matthews. "Open fire."
Though Paris may not be as big as other major international hot spots like New York, or London, they have one thing in common: TOO MANY DAMN BARS. Should I go here? There? NO, no wait. Someone said this place was better than that place. And then there's that new one that just opened up, it's getting rave reviews. But should I trust them? Do we have similar taste? Do they know what the hell they're talking about or is it all just buzz?
I'm telling ya - it's the strategic placement of kids around me.
I land in Delhi around three-ish, India time, with an expected 7pm flight to Kolkata. Of course the Kolkata flight is late, by 2 hours. And I should have known that was the norm, not the exception.
Dress - YR16, Y11, 35, BG57 and also touches of Spica Turquoise
(red = summer, blue = autumn, white = winter, green = spring)
It was a regular day in the Mid-West. I would describe the weather to you but I don’t remember. I do remember being miserable as usual. I hated being in Illinois. Every day I woke up in my bed trying to figure out which tree or intersection I could drive my car into. The only thing that stopped me was knowing that your grandmother and grandfather are co-signers to some of my student loans. Debt runs my world and I couldn’t leave this planet knowing that I am leaving my parents with an extra bill to pay. With this in mind, I woke up every morning and continued on with my day. Attended class, hung out with some friends, fought with my roommates and tried to muster enough strength to repeat the process the next morning.
An analogy would go something like this: Suppose a loving father warns his child not to stray from the house into the road. He warns the child that if the he goes into the road, he could get hit by a car and die. This is a true and sound warning. However, also suppose that the father is perfect and was watching the child at all times. Every time the child wondered too close to the road, the father would run out and grab the child and bring him back into the yard.
The Sound of Music Festival has grown to be a formidable force – I fulfilled a life-long fantasy by catching Devo’s set there last summer – but it used to be a much smaller affair.
A review of medical literature done in early 2003 found that five plant extracts and 69 compounds isolated from plants have been shown to have antitumor activity against ovarian cancers.
Cuevita boasts a large and extensive tequila selection featuring
In High School the art teacher I didn't like moved up to teach at our school, so I never took art. I took stained glass instead because that teacher would let me explore the medium. I would make blown glass dragons and flowers and things like that.
Texas Governor Rick Perry, the front runner stumbled badly in last week's debate and if he has another couple of bad outings, he could very well fade away. Not only were a number of his answers weak, but he failed to take the battle to the other candidates, leaving people wondering how he'd actually do against President Obama.
It's a day to celebrate love. Everyday leading up to this day this year I have tried to shower my little munchins with as much love as possible. To remember to take a moment & a deep breathe when I am about to scream. I have also been working hard on making cards to celebrate.
We're off to visit Adam's parents this weekend and we're going to pick up a bookshelf from my mom's house, so I may have some more basement progress to share too. What are you up to this weekend? Have a great one!
I colored all my images with my Copic Markers and just had so much fun making these cards.
So listen to them. I wish with all my heart that I had listened to Julie that day.
piercing eyes,
So what have the securities and banking industries received for their political contributions?
On the other side of things, a cousin posted this on facebook: "Isn't the whole point of living for God making sacrifices daily and not for 40 days out of the year? And God Only cares about our spiritual choices and things that will affect our spirit...not about things like whether we eat meat or not...I just don't understand why the church would have you sacrifice something natural like candy...that doesn't cause spiritual gain in my opinion...unless like you said you give up something that takes up your time... It seems to me that sacrificing by mowing a neighbors lawn or helping out your mom... will only make you a better person...a "GOOD" person I guess you could say...but "Good" people won't be in Heaven, only Godly people will be in Heaven. The Old Testament focused on Natural sacrifices, but that all changed in the New Testament."
You´re reading the blog of the newest member of the Anonyme Scrappere team!! I´m so proud that lovely Anja, blogowner and teamleader, asked me if I want to join them after I had been a guest in july. IF I want to? He,he,he! I didn´t even consider turning this awesome offer down. Count me in!
“Some conservative voices in the medical community feel that the normalization of sex-change surgeries was the start of a slippery slope. “You keep pushing the envelope of impaired people who aren’t in touch with reality in some fashion, who develop ideas about their normalcy,” says Dr. Mark Schiller, a psychiatrist and past president of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons. “Essentially from just claiming that something’s the case, people just accept somebody’s distorted version of reality and then we get surgeons and others responding to the point of mangling normal bodies.”
Cydia
I have trouble reading off a screen.
Good for Mary, I say: she got herself noticed, albeit not entirely in a positive way.
There over a period of time in foreign languages, mainly Asian and Arabic were inane remarks with links to other sites.
A few days after that first appointment, I left the country to go on vacation, careful not to do anything that may further aggravate my neck (as much as I tried, I couldn’t help but go surfing, boogie-boarding, kayaking and swimming…careless, yes, but being out of a stressful work environment in a warm climate worked wonders!), even though I was already feeling much better. Shortly after returning from vacation, I visited an acupuncturist/RMT who came highly recommended from my chiropractor. When I visited my chiropractor again a few days after having acupuncture, he was amazed at how my condition had improved and proceeded to do another session of ART and prescribe a new set of exercises to help speed along my recovery.
What was your initial reaction, and how did you celebrate, when you were first accepted for publication? Or when you first saw your debut story in book form on a bookseller’s shelf?
(How sweet and lovely are these moments of revealing clarity. It's why focusing a camera is so much fun, to me.
Manufactured by Gallery Leather
This ornament started out as a plain frosted glass globe. I sprayed it with Dazzling Diamonds Glimmer Mist to give it an all over glimmer. Then I poured green Glimmer Glaze on the top and let it drip down the sides. After the glaze dried, I poured on a second coat of green glaze, and while the second coat was wet, I added some crystal snow glitter.
Grandson (who had spent the night and the day with his assertive three year-old brother): No response, ignoring the taunting with manly resolve.
How about you? Are you still hard at work banishing you Writer's Butt? If you have one, that is.
Leapbeer #133 is Urthel Hop-It from Belgium
Me - Hey, that means I get to have Mother's Day an extra 3 times a year.
“When Jesus came to Golgotha they hanged Him on a tree,
The public had to find out that on at least 4 occasions the Cabinet approved travel funding to the tune of hundreds of thousands of dollars for your sister!
There is a huge struggle in France between the prosecution and the instruction judge. Breham says that unlike a prosecutor, this independent judge has investigative powers to subpoena officials from DCN, and access documents in the DCN offices to obtain evidence of commissions. The judge can also request “mutual criminal assistance” from the Malaysian authorities for purposes of information and cooperation. So far, there is no indication that Malaysian officials intend to cooperate.
Hello there! This is Penny Dolan, Children's writer & storyteller.
Thanks, Steve, and please thank Liz as well–she was terrific.
4 cloves of garlic
Last night...poor photo..sorry.
There are some pretty appalling websites that attract large female audiences as well. One that a friend pointed out to me recently is Jezebel, which covers "gossip, culture, fashion, and sex for the contemporary woman."
“Five???”
As they marveled, the party passed between the enormous statues, which formed a narrow pathway between them. Beyond the statues was a huge iron gate that went from the floor to the ceiling with great thick bars the width of a man’s wrist. The gate was swung wide open and so they walked through.
As always, the night is not about looking for subtle flavour nuances in the beer that lap gently at the edges of the high notes in each dish or striving to find the apparent apricot note in the hops and the digestive biscuit sweetness in the malt. It’s all just about finding for yourself that beer and food actually work quite well together without looking for indicated cues.
Nordstrom says "we" (her staff, I assume) feel as strongly as the person who wrote the letter. Suggesting that Indians are not people is not ok with Nordstrom. But! There are many passages in it that equate Indians with animals. Wilder's Indians yip and yap and howl at each other. What about all those passages?
I Just Don't Care by Halden Wofford & The Hi Beams
Vanessa: Nothing..its just...a love scene? Do you really think someone at your writing level should attempt to write a love scene?
Standing in the cold hospital room I watched as my grandmother’s heartbeat slowed down little by little. The numbers on the beeping monitor decreased and the spiking line declined slowly. The clock ticked in the distant abyss of the room and I longed desperately for the ticking to stop, for time to stop, rewind even. I shivered, standing next to her, holding her hand. As the numbers continued to fall, my heart raced and I wondered what I would do when she was gone. I knew she was going to die, but sometimes you live in a small window of hope without realizing it, and my heart had been left there, believing she would somehow get better. Who would save me now?
Then and then and then and then
So we’re forced – to squeeze every drop from the cards we played already, to stop wishing, to stop mourning – to just play. But what happens when we can’t?
And then we have Danny McBride and Nick Swardson.
Under 18 $20 presale @DK studios / $22@Door
TORONTO — A study released Saturday suggests drivers in the Greater Toronto Area are willing to pay for alternatives to beat the gridlock.
There ARE however rifles that fire larger diameter bullets, and even heavier bullets; they just fire them at much lower velocities.
"Islamic extremism on campuses not only continues unabated, it continues – as this report demonstrates – to flourish. We hope that now the government and university authorities will finally act before a generation of students continues to be prey to an intolerant, separatist and violent ideology which threatens our society and the lives of not just of our citizens, but – as was shown again on Christmas Day – those of our allies and friends."
Sleep habits: Since Anna’s toe disaster, I haven’t really wanted her to sleep in her bed. Call it mama guilt or insanity, but Anna has been sleeping in our bed the past week. Which means we get no sleep. Old habits die hard because my child is still sleeping like this:
Aparently Sloane believes that nothing good ever comes about voluntarily, that innovation only occurs at the barrel of a gun. Sadly he’s not alone in this worldview. A good many people also subscribe to the notion that without a government directing every aspect of our lives we’d all be lost. As Tom Woods notes in Rollback “It is not the case that without the political class [...] our limbs would be blown off by exploding consumer products, and [...] we’d all be working in a mine for a dollar a day.”
Then, I took a blender marker and dipped it into a big bottle of colorless blender solution and dripped it onto the colored areas. Simple, fun, washed-out coloring.
In deep abasement bending;
If history is any indicator, then I think you know the answer. As Hayes puts it: “The fact is, winding and dusting and fixing somebody else’s old clock is boring. Building a brand-new clock of your own is much more fun, especially if you can pretend that it’s going to inspire awe and wonder for the ages to come. So why not have the fun now and let the future generations do the boring bit.” I think Hayes is right, it seems humans are, by nature, builders and not maintainers.
If all sorts of bells, whistles, and screaming authority figures are going off in your head right now, you're not alone. Like I said, schooling is a very deeply conditioned and strongly reinforced default in our society. We like to have control of outcomes, and we fear what would happen outside of the controlled (but by no means universally successful) system of education that defined our own youth. We like to have control of children's lives (after all, we're responsible for them), and we worry what they'll get into if they're not constantly scheduled and corralled into planned experiences. What do kids get up to when they aren't dictated a daily agenda? What's to keep my kids from just playing games all day long? Well, certainly not me.
will help us put these principles into practice. What is intimacy? First, let’s take a closer
My pick though, is a nice version of Love's Theme, with flute, brass and voices being used instead of strings.
When your job is to give people back money they may have lost or forgotten about…or didn’t even know about…it’s a great gig, right? It’s even better when you can promote it so that the people who should be searching for their cash actually realize that what we do isn’t a scam.
First, Her Majesty is a one-baby demolition machine these days. I can tell in an instant if she's been in a particular room by the destruction left in her wake -- Kleenex boxes emptied out, rolls of toilet paper unrolled and left in the bathtub, a jumble of Tupperware containers strewn about the kitchen, newspapers torn apart, crumbled crackers and tortilla pieces on the floor... the list goes on and on. Plus she has taken to terrorizing Wonder Boy, who has been recovering from a terrible case of tonsillitis and is feeling puny, both physically and emotionally. She pushes him, hits him, steps on him, pinches him, and he has not yet figured out that he is about twice her size, and so he cries and whines when she is on the attack. She likes to climb up on the dining room chairs and toss down whatever is still on the table (including, today, a beer bottle), and I spent most of today rescuing her from flinging herself off of the bed, out of the high chair, out into the street from the yard, or into walls for what seems like the sheer pleasure of it.
Completely incomplete
There could be no grosser misconception of the realities than is entertained by those who vociferously demand legislation as they call it "against discrimination". The discrimination and the deprivation, the sense of alarm and of resentment, lies not with the immigrant population but with those among whom they have come and are still coming.
It had been over a month since he had been to our house for a sleepover. We were so excited as we anticipated the next two days with this little boy who would be celebrating his third birthday in just a couple months. As the three of us sat down to eat dinner that first evening, with chicken nugget in hand, he looked at me and his Papaw and simply said, “I missed you guys!” Melt is the word that described our hearts at that moment. It’s not like Cole hadn’t seen us for weeks and weeks … in fact, we stayed over at his house for New Year’s Eve, and we traveled together to Indiana for Christmas. But, in his little boy heart, he had missed us. We knew the feeling. We had missed him, too.
You and me both, sister! What does pink mean to you? To me it means Katie Price, Barbie, favours at weddings that cost an average £20K in the UK (Yes, average! Yes £20K!), rosebuds and kitten noses on cutesy stationery etc etc.
Back-Burner:
Charlie’s mother wrote that she broke down the day she discovered the words “I am disgusting” written on the inside of his arm. She was shocked to learn the cause of her son’s personality change was pornography addiction, not drugs or drinking.
The nurse explained that it would actually be impossible for me to go to the bathroom, since the baby was blocking everything; she said the sensation was caused by the baby moving down into my pelvis.
In other review news, I thought this article in the New York Times blog, about the 7 most overused words in book reviews, was pretty funny. I think I'm guiltly of using (or overusing) at least four....
This outfit I thought was more girly than the others, therefore I directed my model to be in more inclosed areas of the forest as the colours of the outfit would make her stand out. What I thought was effective about these photographs was how you can even see the rain in some of them when zoomed in. I really like the one where she’s looking around, it creates a sense of adventure I think.
Of course this is very cheap – you can’t buy a loaf of bread for that price –no one is arguing with that but do such authors really deserve flack?
Songsalive! Los Angeles Showcase
Here's a little taste from last night:
As always, lots of things going on that contribute to not as much being done on the blog, but it looks like this week could actually be a productive one. I’ve got a strength training for seniors post almost done, I’ll be putting together a recap on my wheat free month of April, and I’ll be unveiling my new Monthly Mission for May on Tuesday.
I always did well in school. I felt like it was my only positive characteristic. People tell me I’m smart, but I think my decent memory fools people. That, and I’m very analytical. Too a fault.
Anyway, I used a mini-stamp by Basic Grey that Angela gave me a few years ago. It does not have a name, and is no longer available as far as I know. It is a really cute stamp, though, and seemed to fit this particular card. I also used a Stampin' Up stamp from the Eat Chocolate set. I used Memento ink with Cryogen cardstock for the little girl, and SU cardstock with SU ink for the sentiment. For paper, I used My Mind's Eye Lost & Found Two "Rosy" designer paper, and SU cardstock. To create the doilies and frame, I used dies from Cheery Lynn: Italian Flourish, Nautical Wheeler, and Square Lace Frame. I also used Spellbinders' Nestabilities Circle dies. I accented the image with a Signo Uniball white gel ink pen and some Glossy Accents on her eyes
"What do you do with that, then?" they asked.
Yet the album was slagged by many critics! Labels such as confused, flawed, awkward, dated, and misogynistic abounded - and those were the good reviews! I always found that last criticism a bit, odd given there were two girls in the band. Whatever! But then the same criticism gets leveled at The White Stripes.
As a child in the 1960s I loved to vist my local libarary in Arnold. It was a much older building than the one in the picture above and I remember it had the inscription Carnegie Library carved above the door. The town had obviously been a beneficary of the charity set up by enlightened philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. In those days we were issued with library ‘tickets', and when you took the books of your choice to the desk, the librarian would take the card from the inside the book and insert it into one of your five tickets and into an indexed box. The book would duly be stamped, to be returned in two weeks’ time. I seem to recall that I would be back long before the two weeks was up, eager to make my next choice.
ii. Benchmarking costs against those of competitors and then achieving best in class status.
Simply put: in every way possible. Example: I was reviewing an alphabet book with my son Beckett this afternoon on the couch (see below for the story as read by someone on YouTube). The very first letter, A for Aardvark Admiring, brought on the first question: “Mommy, what’s an aardvark?” I had no idea how to explain an aardvark. My solution? I pulled out my iPhone, typed in “aardvark” to google and clicked on the wikipedia entry. There was enough information in that entry — an entry created by who knows how many users from across the globe — that I could comfortably explain enough about an aardvark to satiate my three-year-old’s curiosity, except that he wanted to see more pictures. Back to google, this time to search google images for aardvarks. Back to the book … until G gophers grinning … and google … wikipedia … google images. Then, J jackals jumping … repeat … and Q quails quacking … do quails quack? what does a quail look like? do they all have that funny feather?
This category has five titles listed because there was a tie on number of votes and first place choices. The Walking Dead was my vote here, but I was kicking myself for not recommending Clint, which had a great year, and Kirby Genesis, which I just love. I've enjoyed what I've read of Locke and Key and the new Animal Man.
Robie asks herself “What's worse than this?” - and soon finds out.
until next time, loves.
Please share your thoughts about this whole "what this means going forward" bit. Very curious to hear the reactions!
i believe that anything is possible
There have always been those who manage to obtain this ultimate state of grace whilst in physical flesh, but they have been here as your ‘living proof’ and guiding lights. You call them ascended masters. And in the ‘usual’ state of physical being, one does not feel they can live this way, all of the time. It’s not about whether you can be in this state, when you clean the toilet. Of course you can. That’s easy. What the difficulty has been, is staying in a state of grace when interacting with people and their reactions, in your daily life. It’s easy to wander about in a state of grace, on your own, or with your sweetie.
In a larger bowl, mix together the remaining ingredients (oat flour, oats, puffed rice cereal, pepitas, almonds, cashews, dried cranberries, protein powder and salt). Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir until thoroughly combined.
Studies have shown numerous health benefits as a result of spending time outdoors connecting with nature. Not only can it help to keep us physically fit and in shape through walking, running, cycling and exploring but it can also have a positive impact on our mental well-being. Reports have shown that it can improve stress levels, aggression, feelings of depression, agitation and even pain.
TV show which connected with
childhood dream come true.
it’s about the holy grail war where seven magi are chosen by the holy grail to fight for the wish that the grail will grant. in order to fight each other, the magi summon servants (mostly strong heroes of the past) and try to beat each other mentally and physically.
Furniture in the style of treble and bass clefs, and...
First Prime Minister
Antya 19 Text 88-106
These are words to inspire us as well. All Britons have the right to resist tyranny, home-grown or foreign, with all means at their disposal. There may come a time where there is no other option. It strikes this author as wholly proper and reasonable that what, in the case of England and then Britain, has taken centuries to build, should continue to inspire the devotion and loyalty of its citizens; that we do have obligations to protect what has been bequeathed to us by time and place; that it is right and proper that we honour our dead; that vast numbers of aliens cannot simply join our tribe and family. Otherwise we, the white indigenous population, and our children, will lose everything. The Conservative Party which used to believe in the sanctity of nation has lost its soul and betrayed us all. Now, this party conspires to reduce us to a mass of human refuse, little better than savages, at the mercy of fate and the racist gloating of the BBC, so that we are the plaything of every apparatchik and venal politician-prostitute.
a gigantic orange globe of fire sink in seconds beneath the horizon
17. No skating in yogurt across the kitchen floor!
I had given my sister carte blanche to book our spa treatments, because, as a formerly starving student, my spa experience was limited to standing outside and staring at people through the window while dragging my hands down the glass.. Michael Myers style.
By choosing shoes that match your hair color you will visually bring the eye up and down--thereby lengthening your body. This is a fabulous trick all women should embrace--especially petites!
I love my dogs. It doesn't take long for someone to realize that I'm borderline-dog-show person. The only way I get to stay on the sane side is by being equally immersed in other activities. This blog post isn't entirely about dogs, it is most much about what I've learned through showing dogs. I've showed, trained, handled, and judged (not in all activities) dogs in conformation, weight pull, drafting, rally, herding, water rescue, packing, and obedience. Needless to say, I was exposed to many different breeds and many different types of dog owners. And the politics in the dog world is tremendous. The movie, Best in Show was a severe understatement of what really goes on at dog shows. Dog show politics makes any other type of politics (including governmental) look like a walk in the park on a sunny day when the birds are chirping. I heard that horse show politics are worse, but I'll avoid that for the time being.
Bangers for Matt. Yes, they're hard to find but I lucked out (The Vermont Country Store, I thank you).
SLDKGJSHFGKJSHFGKUSDFJHGKLJSDFHGNKLSJDHFGKSJDH FGKUJSFGHKSERHTGLIKUHTGLISERHGJK,LDLIUGBYHSGITYH EIRGTHLERHGTLIEAHGLJKSADEHGLJKAEHGLJSERGLSELIGU HSGRHSERGHERGH
If you want to part with some cash, these mounts can be yours. The Annual Pass mount actually won’t cost you any extra if you intend to play for the next year anyway.
1/4 tsp each cloves and allspice
All I could think was… what the hell are you doing?? This is going way beyond sci-fi! I knew that somehow, my fathers sperm became infused with Pleiadian sperm… however the hell that works out. And the domino’s started falling into place.
in the river for the elusive big fish, while Half Harris, the ‘half-wit’ brother he won’t acknowledge, fishes for random objects. But it is Half Harris who catches the fish. How often does it happen for you that a story you’re writing is different from what you planned? Did that happen at all with this novel?
But first I honoured those who had done the reading and gave them a bit of a chance to feed back, which they did.
She might chew a blanket
So, where was I? Oh yeah, so Nikki and Hal are now in the well. Hal reaches toward Nikki, and she grabs his hand, but then the movie goes abruptly back to the mansion. Hal and Nikki were magically transported inside, where Kit tries to convince Nikki that it's safe because they're inside the house. Oh, and Muffy freaks out Nan by bringing her a glass of water. When Muffy is asked where the guns are stored, she replies that there aren't any. Great. Maybe they can defeat the killer with joy buzzers and whoopie cushions!
6. Burn off any extra facial hair if desired and hang the head over a smoky fire in order to allow it to harden to a deep black sheen. The final touch is to use a heated machete placed on the lips in order to dry them enough to take the wooden pegs out and replace them with long jungle string.
"For the viewer to become suddenly unsure of an image's 'obvious' intent is key to Holstad's method." --Steve Lafreniere, Artforum January 2003
The Father turns His face away
There's a saying that people will do anything to keep their secrets and there is a passage in the book that proves that saying without a doubt.
Like I said above: an economic defeat is still defeat.
On Point is a sister company of SGL Engineering, which started out as Segwalo Consulting Engineers in 2002, and the Ratanang Family Trust has a stake in On Point. Malema resigned as a director of SGL Engineering last year.
Shiseido Natural Finish Cream Concealer in 02 Medium
And after 13 years in this house we are finally doing something to the kitchen. Paint, some new cabinets and counter tops and a new floor. The old floor is from about 1950. It sucks
My children, especially my oldest two (ages 13 and 14), were quite taken with the 3-d graphics (you can view a demo - here), and clear depictions of the animals' anatomy, even if they where disappointed with the lack of an earth worm lab. I was thrilled to find easy to follow, in depth, high school level lessons, that take no prep or additional teaching on my part. I'm free to learn along with the children, instead of trying to stay one step ahead of them.
He called it … Dad
So, I got a little goody Bag of Copics at the workshop today, and I was lucky enough to sit at a spot that seemed to cater to my every desire!
(Text Box comment Page 9)
Anti-War Stance - He is right. We are ruining our reputation around the world. We must change our foreign policy.
“When I come across a work like this one I’m incredibly thankful. It’s the kind of film you almost think can’t exist until you see it: a rich and beautiful movie that leaves you satisfied, without ever trying to give cheap answers to the unanswerable. It made me want to take a walk in the mountains and maybe try to stare a fencepost down. Which is to say, I loved it.”
Or in some urban cases, to out run the po-po.
This yarn is a glorious 100% superwash fine merino wool in worsted weight. It is sold in a standard 218 yards per 100 grams skein and comes in 56 different lovely colors.
Accessories: SU Ribbon coloured with G21, antique brads
My mother was born in 1932 to Tiny Fitzhough Cartwright. Granma Tiny
The mall was also built to entertain/impress - with a faux 'river' running through the heart and gondolas for rent (yeah it's kind of like the Venetian, Las Vegas). With high tourist traffic due to the hotel and casino - there are many international brands at this mall, even when it comes to eateries. Oh yes, this is where Nancy Silverton's Mozza has its Singapore outpost. We didn't try it as we have one in LA, and we'd rather focus on things from, or that you can only get in Singapore.
On the bright side, the storm has shifted somewhat to the east, aimed right at Miami. This means Key West and the Zombie Princess will probably be in the better quadrant of the storm, since the area south and east of a hurricane is usually the worst place to be.
Tara Wagner is a mother and a lover, a writer and an organic life coach, specializing in life learning, organic parenting and authentic living. She currently travels the US with her husband and son in a truck converted to run on veggie oil and a solar-powered RV. You can find her blogging at TheOrganicSister.com and SustainableBabySteps.com.
Lucifer was a high-ranking angel in the abode of God. He was called “The Morning Star” and the Bible tells us he was beautiful and powerful and had much authority under God. But Lucifer had a change of heart and said, “I will be like the most High” and challenged God’s authority (Isaiah 14:12-14.) For this disobedience (which was called “sin”) Lucifer was cast out of God’s abode and his domain became the earth and the space between heaven and earth (called “space”). The Bible describes Lucifer as “the old devil, the serpent, Satan, the evil one, prince of the air, god of this world, a roaring lion seeking whom he might devour and an angel of light” (Revelation 12:9; 2 Corinthians 4:4; 1 Peter 5:8.)
Here was Christine in NJ's entry:
Then I came home, made a poor decision and checked R's blog and his reading and movie logs, and then started crying in the shower. I ended up talking to my Dad and my closest guy friend, S. Three hours FaceTime talk-therapy later, I felt better and slept a good night's sleep. The talk was about all different stuff, not just me whining about the end of a relationship. S is one of those eerily positive people and just sees the world through this amazing filter that all of us could benefit from. I was intending to go out to a birthday party but when midnight rolled around and I was still on the phone, I decided I'd stay in and rest up.
Brew Exchange is a business venture of five friends who have all called Austin home for decades. They also own and operate Kung Fu Saloon in Austin, Houston and soon their third installation in Dallas.
This first one is of Multnomah Falls, outside of Portland. Carla and her girls took us all out there for a sightseeing trip. Lovely waterfall, gorgeous drive out there. We walked up to that first bridge you see towards the bottom, but didn't do the hike up to the top, as my post-surgery foot is still not up to tons of walking yet. I'd really like to next time, though.
That means 151.7 million Americans paid nothing in 2009. By comparison, 34.8 million tax filers paid no taxes in 1984.
I also got some awesomely cool Harry Potter themed candy. It's a chocolote frog. I was seriously freaking out about that. I don't think I could go two minutes without saying something like "It's a chocolate frog! Isn't that the coolest thing ever dad?" I don't think my dad really knew what to say about this though. He hasn't read the Harry Potter books but he has seen the movies so at least it might have made some sense to him, but my mom hasn't seen the movies or read the books so she was probably wondering what was so exciting about it. But what's not exciting about that? It's comes with a collectable wizard card and everything (I got Professor McGonagall)!!!
In the end, I’m not entirely sure what I was supposed to take from The Ballad of Jack and Rose. It’s such a specific story, and the narrow focus makes it difficult for some of the larger themes to translate. For example, the rebellion of adolescence is a pretty universal concept, but as it develops within Rose’s insular world, her form of rebellion can be hard to relate to, even for someone who knows some of where she’s coming from.
thank you so much for joining us! We can't wait to see what you make!
therefore I'm also planning to work out at the gym.
I ought to be tackling considering how big Game Board
“I don’t care. If you say is Anwar gay? I say maybe. But you cannot become prime minister. That is the reality,” said Raja Petra (picture) in an interview published today the Malay-language Mingguan Malaysia.
“Some would rather blame it on ghosts because they are too afraid to speak about the death.”
According to Tanya Quinn, “The things that the children will remember the most about their party is the fun things they did and the fun characters they met.”
When it comes to baking with bananas, my motto is "The riper the better". Extra ripe bananas "mash" easier and they are extra sweet which adds to the overall flavor of the cake.
The price is not yet determined, nor does RIM share any details on which U.S. carrier will introduce the Bold (though AT&T seems to be the most likely). However, there's no single-carrier commitment like the iPhone. The Blackberry Bold is supposed to hit the market in Summer 2008, possibly around the same time frame as iPhone-2 (around June). So if you've been waiting for buying a cool, sleek new device, it might be a good idea to compare the two and see which one fits your needs! While iPhone continues to be a choice for video and multimedia features with its large display and attractive touchscreen, the Blackberry Bold could be a competitive option for business and enterprise needs.
On a global scale, trends suggest that consumers are increasingly looking to understand where their food comes from and exactly what goes into it.
The worker nazis sent me back to the website to "just finish it already!" and it was suggested that I not be flippant because not everyone will "get me' -- So I added JUST KIDDING! to it. Then it made me attach photos. Note to self: hire someone to be my photo double. This shit's humiliating.
Hearst Ranch has two ranches based in San Simeon and Cholame, California. They offer grass fed steaks, Iliamna Alaskan Wild Red Salmon, and Heritage American Bronze Turkeys, to name a few. They even sell their own sauces and oils, chipotle ketchup? yes please.
So now we've been in Santa Monica for 3 months now and we're all fitting in quite nicely. Even Matthew, who I think had the hardest time adjusting. I love my kids school and I love their teachers. Well, Matthew's teacher, anyway. Josie's teacher I'm kinda 'meh' about, but she's nice and Josie doesn't have any problems.
Further recommendations from our readers:
Carla Mozee – MarketWatch, 04/09/2012
We are looking forward to seeing your creations!
They spat upon my Savior, so pure and free from sin,
So I am very excited that the show season is starting soon. I do hope to go to some and just show sidesaddle at the local hunter shows. I know I will be getting some looks but I can't wait to help show off how truly elegant it is!
Before my family left this summer, someone from the local Haitian community gave me some money, telling me to give it to whoever needs it. That morning I had received an email that a dear friend of mine, Maxo, had died of Cholera. We had built him a house the summer before. His wife was hurt badly in the earthquake, and one of their 4 children were killed. I knew immediately that the money was for her. Upon arriving in Haiti, I shared with Pastor Marc that I had the money, and that I thought it should go to her. He agreed and said I could give it to her. I laughed and told him he knew that I don’t give it, but told him that she needed to know it came from the church. Then, instead of Marc giving her the money, he gave it to someone she did not know. He gave it to her, and said it was for her, from the church.
Noah’s Ark has a range of hands-on and interactive workshops which are sure to engage and entertain your class, making for an unforgettable day out in Bristol.
Dodds was one of two Kentuckians named finalists for this prestigious award. WKU was one of 292 universities that nominated students for the Truman Scholarship, which is open to juniors dedicated to a career in public service, recognizes service and leadership and provides funding for graduate education.
Band of fabric (this is the piece that seperates the top from the main bag fabric):
By Dirk Johnson
The beef tartare is barely recognisable at first, hidden beneath a glossy red blanket of beetroot jelly. We find a pillow of tartare beneath the jelly - pre-mixed but seasoned well. I find the beetroot tends to overwhelm this dish with its earthiness but the grains of puffed wild rice give a pleasant textural contrast.
# Tent city urbanism (and what comes after) is a far cry from the spectacular models of Constant's New Babylon or the magico-marxist rereading of the Hawksmoor churches and Canary Wharf. In that the psychogeography of the recent past has fallen for the spectacle of the 'legacy'. My first impression of the Occupy camp was that it was paltry, a dynamo of underwhelming sadness, a place of insignificant littleness, but I soon realized my initial response was a form of conditioning that must be exorcised with a pickaxe. I was looking for a hacienda, baroque optical illusions and empty spaces creating richly filled time and I saw..... battered tents against
and when I am swimming most days and don't want to use my Shu Uemura shampoo and conditioner for every wash... I alternate with the Klorane products... They are not a substitute or as effective but they are less expensive and mild enough for every day shampooing...
And then reality sets in. My ‘lucky’ numbers were so pathetically absent in the big drawing that I was embarrassed! How could I have been so off—even with quick picks (where the computer picks the numbers for you)—heck, I hardly had ANY numbers that matched the six winning numbers. Yes, it means back to work, and back to writing MOJOs. Actually, I did tell myself that IF I won big, I would continue to write Mojos, and my notoriety would bring more readers. Keep dreaming….
You did see the emphasis on the pluralization, right? Wasn't sure if that was clear or not.
First, the Scripture does have something to say about modesty, and it all begins with one’s approach to the Lord (1 Peter 3:15). The KJV uses the word “modest” only in 1 Timothy 2:9; it comes from a Greek word (kosimos) that means “well-arranged.” The actual Greek word is used one other time and that is in the next chapter (3:2); a man who desires to be an elder must be a male “of good behavior” (NKJV), “orderly” (KJV). The KJV uses the words “modest apparel” in 1 Timothy 2:9, while other translations will read, “suitable apparel with modesty” (NET), “respectable apparel with modesty” (ESV), “dress modestly with decency and propriety” (NIV).
“I, admittedly, enjoy reading up about consumables but food culture sort of misses me. I think a part of me wants to understand because I really do love a variety of foods but I always seem to fall short once it starts to sound like an erotic novel about rare ingredients. Then again, I suppose the alternative isn’t much better:
I thew her a small birthday party with an owl theme in mind. Everything came together and she had a wonderful time. I bought one of those paper packs from Michaels that has coordinating sheets (I think about 120?) and it made all the crafting super easy. Here are the details, thanks for looking!
We had the room until 1pm, but checked out around noon. In Lahaina, we had lunch at the Aloha Mixed Plate. We sat at one of the tables closest to the beach in the shade. I had the beef teriyaki with rice and macaroni salad; Tony had one of their burgers. The menu has a nice mix of local dishes and always with large portions.
BRUSH chicken with 2 Tbsp. dressing. Grill 5 to 6 on each side or until done(165ºF).
We did have an awkward moment when my gynecologist was there dancing with his wife. Apparently, she fell at IHOP and is suing because she hurt her hand and had to quit her job teaching home ec. Her hand didn’t seem to bother her when she was swing dancing and doing all the different turns and holds.
1 – CAVENDISH Mark GBR
permitted to come so forward as to mar the dominion of the Spirit of God
Kid#3 I bet Joe’s not going to want to do my movie anymore.
To satisfy my only interest in her, why she’s here, I walk closer and get a view of what she’s wearing. My eyes widen with shock. A skin tight red leather dress leaves little to my vast imagination; thin straps hold up perked up cleavage, and it ends right about where the curve of her backside would poke out if she were standing. A ‘fuck me’ dress if I’ve ever seen one. The matching 4 inch red leather heels don’t do much to negate this impression. I walk past her and head to the bathroom a little out of sorts. Some days you just don’t know what to expect, and there’s no cover that will ever explain the book.
"Er … Debase the beef canoe? Why does that strike me as not right?"
So, without further ado here is The Six Pack of Microbrewing Success.
I am so super excited to announce that the MB's Treasurista design team is hosting their very first contest over at the MB's Treasurista blog. So be sure to click on over for the details and how to participate. You won't want to miss out on your chance to win an amazing package of MBT Treasures.
4) Increase the speed to high, add in coffee solution and beat till smooth.
Spanking Sorority Girls is a brand new spanking site that stars Veronica Ricci as a new sorority pledge at a school for wayward girls. It features several top spanking models such as Snow Mercy, Sarah Gregory and Katherine St. James, as well as some exciting new talent. The soap opera style format follows Veronica from the time her mother gives her her first ever spanking as a high school senior, to her enrolling at the college and getting hazed and initiated. At the same time, Veronica explores her sexuality with other pledges. This sorority and private school, that even has nuns as teachers, encourages corporal punishment to show these girls the errors of their way. Lots of stunning ladies, great bottoms, sexual exploring and extreme spankings with hand, hairbrushes, canes and paddles!!
As long as they eat and are enjoying themselves you will be the hero.
* not yet available locally here in Philippines but can be bought from online sellers
Yes, this was a very Eat Pray Love moment for me but what is life if not a collection of little rituals we complete to make ourselves feel better (Aside from maybe brushing your teeth what does the rest really do) and I had gotten so stuck in a little funk about this I needed something big to shake it from my system. (In case you can't tell, I'm very into metaphorical change). I still feel sad for my losses and hurt I have created, but at least I now know it's out there in the world and not just buried in my heart.
Part of the Earth’s intention in the Gulf was to get the conscious attention of humanity focused on the Earth. The rupture was resolved, but have you noticed its most lasting impact? It has solidified a level of consciousness, an awareness of abuse of power, of greed, and of human stupidity. It has focused our attention at a level of consciousness that is absolutely necessary to maintain in order to go through this Shift with a greater level of stability.
“I heard there was a swingers party here,” says Larry.
To celebrate all the exciting goings on we would like to offer a 10% discount code for our challenge followers! For the fortnight that this challenge runs use the code YELLOW to receive 10% discount on website purchases! This code will be valid until 13th May 2012.
And then the print book. I won't go over the Createspace v Lulu debacle. Suffice it to say that the process for a POD book is similar, though the formatting is different (of course). And you get a proof of your lovely book to hold, and smell, and wave at people, and remind you how clever you are writing all this ... and then you have to read it, looking for mistakes. Yes - you really do. I know, you've read it so often your eyes bleed at the first sentence, but this is the last chance to find typos. (Someone suggested reading it backwards - which worked for me. I meant I didn't skip bits because I knew them too well.)
Keep lights turned off.
How to enter the train
Wednesday: Group 2, Group 3, Group 4 extra work, no team WOD.
I remember being 3, almost 4, and living in North Carolina for a few months while my dad was on temporary assignment with his work.
The article in circulation on Sampradaya Sun and Indiadivine.org., are not authorized by me. Such errors as are contained in them due to addition, omission or any other cause are the karma of those reproducing the article. I have communicated to both organisations to “at least” link to the original updated article, so that people will have at least as much truth as I have discovered, and I have no response from them so far. Only Sri Krishna can help us of they decide to print!!
So to make up for the fact that i haven't update my blog in forever and a day, I might actually open a SECOND BLOG!!!
The children are old enough to assist in caring for such a creature. They clean the wretched cat boxes, feed and pet the cats, they get up early to do school work, they participate in the household work. They are old enough to care for a dog.
26th April Social Welfare and Pensions Bill 2012: Committee Stage (Resumed)
*Sl st 1, sc 1, dc 1, tr 1, dc 1, sc 1, sl st 1*, rep on the opposite side (which now looks like regular sc because you crocheted in the bumps)
I received a call from a great woman asking just that – wanting some fresh new images of herself taken. Sooo introducing LeighAnne !
The Killing Fields (Bruce Robinson)
I think these Chicken Burritos from Zoom Yummy will be perfect for a little Cinco De Mayo get together!
* Participate in the broader range of system change activities including, but not limited to, giving testimony at public hearings, writing for publication, guest lecturing at schools of law and social work, offering direct support to parents affected by the system, and training parents in self-advocacy skills
I collected all the small little plants from my backyard and planted them in this pot last month. The plants has flowered and small plants are sprouting. Took that photo this morning and look at the rest :
Hence every religious practitioner should understand the spirit behind the various practices by making genuine self enquiry. Once the use of the practice has helped reach a certain level, the person must let go and pick up the next level of practices. As one progresses from the physical plane more and more to the subtler planes, he or she is bound to feel the drop in level of activity. Ironically as one moves higher, the lack of activity in the practice could be so daunting that people drop back to the level of more activity driven world.
My first thought after leaving school at 18 was to get myself to Vienna to pay homage at the grave of Beethoven. His music had irradiated me, thrilled me, sent shivers down my adolescent spine, excited me to a world-view of limitless, Olympian joy. He had to be thanked. So I and a particularly complaisant friend set off hitch-hiking to Vienna. (A truncated version of this saga appears in the very earliest Lydian Airs posts, back in 2008. My friend, whose real name was Martin, is called George in that account, I don't know why. And as for 'Adèle', her real name was Gudrun.)
Well after working on my original layout as seen in the last postfor 2 of the scrapbooking nights, I decided it would just do my own thing on the last one. I had one more photo from my childhood that I wanted to get done, so went to work on it. As my baby brother, David was wearing an outfit with a 'sailor' theme to it, I thought I would use that as the theme for my page. So using the beautiful Stampin' Up paper (Nautical Expedition) & stamp set (The Open Sea) (see Ann Craig Independent SU Consultant)
And much too often there were choirs formed for the hiking tourists, yodeling directly into my really angry ears. Folkloric sound for the average Japanese tourist in the mountains, screaming back to me full time, magnificently tripled by the eternal rocks’ echoes.
I wait by the precipice.
But I figure I get a fresh start again-----so everything is now forgiven---the slate is wiped clean and we can all have another shot at having a good year---
Nine different duty stations! …
Basic Kibbeh Recipe
Dark Shadows
Here’s a picture of the actual Bheema rock from the other side.. Arrow pointing the rock
Unafraid to loose, you gain it all.
Its the same idea just in kid-friendly terminology!
Ozzy is my cousin’s son. I am friends with him, unlike Nelly who hates him… Ozzy is seldom at our territory when Nelly is around. That is taking a huge risk. I am friends with many cats. Anyway, Ozzy’s very nice and friendly, and I often have a little chat with him.
It would mean a lot if you have an account and like this. Well, I really think my entry should win because this set has it all! Whenever you like to be green, here is a style guide.
The man that wrote SS seemed very sweet in his response, so SS thought it would be nice to send him a little note thanking him for responding and being so kind.
Our very kind sponsors are ~
Whoever hasn’t heard of this or never got round to read it, you should go read it ASAP. *I advise you to read the manga because the anime ends at a mere 62 episodes*
If you've lived in the area, this task is both difficult and easy. Easy because you don't have to do any outside research. Difficult because something familiar can be overlooked and taken for granted.
(Nip/Tuck S6E08, Flapjack S2E13A) 2 videos in a row with characters unexpectedly being depicted as very fat–fatter than they usually are. (Kimber, Bubbie.)
For some, this was the train to Sullivan Square or Milk Street or, at the very most, Orient Heights; for me, it was the train to Patagonia.
But it came home with The Woodman instead, and now sits on my kitchen bench to help hide the phone cables and other electrical connections.
Bronze: Domaine DuPage, Two Brothers Brewing Co., Warrenville, IL
Nowadays this urge is not so strong. I have reached some kind of equilibrium—unconscious, mostly—with these external forms. Always aware of them, always knowing on the edges of my consciousness that they’re there, the mountains and the forests hold me like primeval mothers’ arms. Knowing this, I spend more time indoors, exploring the inner wilderness of line, form, and color.
Build a tepee
Next up will be the "stories" of heroes and daring rescues, no doubt.
Joe Stange's got a major piece on session beer coming out in DRAFT magazine this summer; can't wait to see it...especially in light of this new post on his blog, Thirsty Pilgrim. He throws cold water on the whole idea that session beer is trending upward in the U.S., citing ratebeer.com data on new beer introductions over the past ten years.
Stat-wise, it has Defense as its highest stat, and not much else.
That's my excuse for not blogging lately... well the new found hatred of the blogger interface and the bajillion reports I have to write by Thursday. Reports are not my favourite time of year.
Then when he retired . . . he still photocopied the puzzle every day, for his beautiful bride. He took the copy, mom took the original. Naturally. Mom would have it no other way.
Apple Filled Acorn Squash Rings with Curry Butter
Well this year it was obviously the Avengers. The preview itself I can’t say was the actual one min thirty sec that it became on the Youtube, but I waited and found it right before me on the computer. And I the better for it. For I was thoroughly unimpressed. I mean *BAM! BOOM!* it looks like it’s going to be one hell of a CGI popcorn funny flick with kick-ass action, but still. For me I could get that with MIP or any Jason Statham movie. That way too it wouldn’t be taking a visual crap on the characters that I hold ever so dear. I believe that I could go and see these films and not have them be the comics and still enjoy them, but I for one do not appreciate the character interpretation or even the story. I mean where have all the kick-ass Avengers chicks gone? Also, might I just add that I was watching the trailer and I had my little brother come up and say “They aren’t very intimidating are they? I mean you get Captain, Thor, Iron Man, Hulk, Hawkeye and Black Widow on a team and you should be wetting your pants.” He’s right, you should be, yet this team has yet to prove its mettle. Everyone here knows my dislike of the Captain America portrayal I mean Cap’s supposed to be a force to be reckoned with. He is supposed to be a presence not a down and out aw shucks block from a simpler time. “Mr. Stark.” Oy Vey! Sure not everyone agrees with my interpretation of Cap but come see come saw.
A momentum is occurring
But they cast aside many a demon in those two minutes.
1. It was the day I got my first paraffin wax treatment to make my “old lady hands” feel softer,
rehearsal processes and opinions, on a variety of subjects.
Ooh, it makes me wonder,
Charon.
“I’m glad the MCCBCHST has decided to tell the prime minister that the image he wants to foster as an exponent of moderation is under threat from his apparent passivity in the face of those who plainly mean ill,” he asserted.
Rusi: If you had to listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would it be? BTW, I really love you guys and the blog. You guys are my homepage!
My favourite hiding spot when I was a child was at the top of the built in wardrobe in my room. I had books, cushions and snacks hidden up there too.
My current pair are somewhat reminiscent of my first being lace ups again.
I know it’s about 45 minutes long but I urge you to watch it. It contains some really cool footage and some great eye-opening research.
I have seen someone (who shall be nameless, but is also known as Ms Sand and Sunshine!) wondering if anyone knows yet what the finished quilt is going to look like. Well yes, there is someone - ME! You never know, perhaps I can be bribed? It's worth a try isn't it?
Poems and songs with pipes and drums
Gosh, I am overwhelmed by all your warm reactions! I have checked my blog specifics, because on 4th May 2011 I started with my blog and in almost one year a lot has happened! Hereby some information about my blog:
If you look carefully, you can see our black rooster. We now have two roosters, one older and more sedate, and another who only recently started crowing. There's quite a lot of rivalry between the males, so we are thinking of giving one away. Initially, when we only just started out with our chicken adventure we only wanted to keep females, but it turns out roosters fight away stray cats the way hens don't do.
Since I want to fill this album with pictures taken at my daughter´s prom night and give it to her grandma "Dancing Tilda" was the perfect image for the front. Papers are by DCWV and Laura Ashley, saying by Studio G.
At first it was annoying - remember the "What If We Said Just Wait?" petition, started by a priest out in Seattle? I think that had more anonymous signatures than actual names. In any case, that project has lost much of its momentum.
And there’s the parents, like me. All on our own journey, informed by our own experiences, what we read and what we observe around us. Some of us, more noisy than others. Most of us deeply disquieted by what we see, how we live, what we find. Some of us have a foot in one of the above camps, some have a foot in all camps, some have no affiliations at all. All of us (I'd speculate) have a deep desire to make the present and the future
Saute the garlic and onions in olive oil (season with salt and pepper) over medium-low heat until they are translucent and aromatic.
Pour over chicken and cover. (uncover during last 10 min of baking so they get a slightly crispy coating)
Third, restaurants, airlines, public buildings, and hotels, if they allow children at all, should confine families with small children to a dank, stuffy, soundproof section painted in primary colors and littered with disease ridden toys, while the rest of us enjoy our meals, flights, court dates and overnight stays without the unnecessary disturbance.
Randomly inserted into packs at one in 18, this card features game-worn jersey or uniform pieces for each player. Card backs carry the player's intials as numbering.
What I’ve learned in my personal life, is that acting upon, or encouraging the homosexual feelings puts a wedge between God and I. When I allow that sin to take over, it literally takes over. Then I’m generally back to square one with opening myself up to Jesus and running back to Him.
Sadly, true Priestliness is not in abundance in the Church because too many priests are called by man and not by God. The evidence being this….whoever you spend the most time with, is who you will become like; Ministers of today spend more time communing with and serving their mentors than God….and that’s a fact.
In a car with the stereo on
The page allows readers to post ads free using the “post” button on the top menu.
Combine thoroughly
I ordered the medium size print in "blues".
Had a lovely night at Bracken Edge. Thai/oriental themed night. Won tons, satay chicken, temporah. Went to bed at 9:30. Woke up at 5:30 fully wide awake. Got a Tropicana orange and lime from the fridge, chucked the dog out my room and went back to land of slumber until 9.
-DON'T LIE WHEN CONFRONTED WITH AFOREMENTIONED EVIDENCE
Some men just want to get the poon, strap up the pants and bounce. For some it’s a conquest and I can say from experience as soon as the sex is over, we will LOSE interest. Women you know how you hate when a man makes himself “too available.” It’s the same paradigm, the only value we have for you is external. This just doesn’t stem from guy to guy, we’re built to think this way. Example, I had sex with a woman 30-45mins after meeting her in the bar. Afterwards, I couldn’t even look her in the eye. I didn’t want to talk or even touch her again. It was just all “too easy” to obtain, so mentally I completely disconnected from her all together. Ever wonder why he doesn’t call or text back.. He has no VALUE for you.
the feet went swish and the heart sank
34. Wally Gator
As craft brewers embrace beers with less than 5% alcohol by volume and can packaging long held to ridicule after being stacked in "beeramids" and smashed against one too many frat boy foreheads, they're battling both for market share in an increasingly crowded segment and against longstanding beer stigmas passed down through generations of drinkers. True. But craft session beer also addresses a problem, as ratebeer's Joe Tucker (a strong ally of session beer) points out:
Cigarettes and alcohol make good nurses. An hour’s vigorous application and Gavroche had the tears and shakes under control. She sat scrunched tight on the motel bed, her fingers kneading the candlewick.
Real life example:
Closer to home, there was a lot of movement when Julia Gillard replaced Kevin Rudd as prime minister on 24 June 2010. One of the major players in that transition was Mark Arbib, who had been a senator since July 2008 (he has now resigned), representing New South Wales. A diplomatic cable of 20 July 2009 released by WikiLeaks on 28 October 2010 details Arbib's rise to prominence and also acknowledges his usefulness to the US administration.
Rissad dug a hand into his pocket and drew out what looked like a bundle of golden rods, linked by intricate tooling in some darker metal at both ends. It looked like-
SS: But that’s what we were for a long time.
2 tsp olive oil
Prefer getting or giving presents: Giving
Can you remember back to when you had babies to care for and how careful you were with their bedding? You'd make sure the sheets were clean and straight, you'd make the little bed several times a day and as soon as there was a wet sheet, into the washing machine it would go. You did those things, and more, because you knew how important that bed was to your baby. Well, I might be reverting to babyhood because I tend my bed as carefully as I would a cot or crib and I do it because sleep is important. Now let me declare my bias here up front. I LOVE my bed, always have, always will. I am a good sleeper. I'm rarely in bed more than ten minutes before I'm sound asleep. But I also do a lot of my thinking in bed in the cool dark hours of the morning and being in an uncomfortable bed would not be conducive to my sleeping or thinking. If I want to get the most out of every day, I need to sleep well.
I approached the check in counter rather apprehensively with all my bags, and handed over ticket and passport along with a big smile. I waved my bulging carry on bag at the ground staff and asked if it was ok for carry on. (Quite what I would have done if she has said no, I am not quite sure – though part of my keenness in being early is to be able to regroup in the event of something like that happening). She gave it a cursory nod and asked if it had any liquids in it. Being completely dry it was apparently fine for carry on. Along with the carrier bag of books and my handbag. And the fleece and pashmina that I was carrying. You get the picture! It was not much fun going through security, taking out my laptop and placing all of these into the trays. The staff were quite bemused to see me fill four trays! Still, I was though and able to head to the airline lounge.
Only an organisation obsessed with the creed of diversity and lacking in moral integrity would have allowed a swaggering, criminal bully like Dizaei to rise up its hierarchy and gain a senior position.
LAND OF MARY IMMACULATE
All told, Funimation's Dragon Ball Z Season Four is one of my favorite season sets. Once you get past the Garlic Jr. Saga, you're in for a terrific thrill ride. You get some awesome fights that don't drag on and the season ends with an intriguing mystery. This set can be bought for chump change either online or in stores. If you don't mind the wide screen format, this is an exceptional way to view some awesome DBZ sagas.
What is your problem,
- Advancing your career with online programs and certificates
and then He sees them...
weeks ago that I was going to start posting recipes & sharing their points.
And no matter how good we thought the idea was, how breakthrough, how strategically sound, how oh-so-right for their brand, the fact is, I can count on one hand the number of times a client dug deeper to fund a great idea. Out of around 2000 briefs over 14 years. And one of them was three months ago.
She's number one rated but she's already jaded
- I promise to get hammered and never complain about a hangover
Just a quick post today ... I haven't abandoned the blog, just had to take time out for gallbladder surgery this past week. I'm feeling better (yes, knitting has resumed) and letting my family take care of me for a few days.
Scraps of paper with lots of zeros is not real aid. If they sent food or blankets that would be more meaningful. Scholarships (indoctrination) are free as many people who can be squeezed into a room with a droning lecturer or repeating film. A machine prints those dollars on paper. Paper is worth not very much. 500K of nada is what was sent to Syria.
I'm genuinely happy for her. "That’s really great news Mrs Marr. I'm really happy for you love".
...a 50's model Chevy truck I saw today, with weeds growing all around it, and vines climbing onto it.
He then advised that Mr van Zyl must remove all his belongings from the car. He then ordered him to sit in his car whilst he spoke to a fellow colleague standing close by. He then joined him in the car and began a concerted effort to scare and intimidate him by advising that him that in jai lhe would most probably be assaulted and raped. He then asked him what he (Mr Van Zyl )can do for him "to make all of this go away".
Shabab fighters still control large parts of central and southern Somalia but are facing increasing pressure from regional forces, with Kenya in the far south, Ethiopia in the south and west, and African Union troops in Mogadishu.
The flowers I've used are Penny's Pride flower, the Peary Flower and the Ultimate Rose.
My hope is we can get questions answered without my having to engage in a one on one email conversation.
But besides from that we have also achieved something invaluable: self-respect. I am so proud of the Enfield Nine. Adam, Anne-Marie, James, Kim, Liz, Lucy, Lee and Mary have all stood up for themselves and our beleaguered profession. They have put their necks on the line and by so doing have gained enormous respect in our industry and in many trade union movements across the country.
Don't forget to add seam allowances to the cut edges when you cut out your fabric. When you are ready to sew, just reassemble the cut pieces to make whole pattern pieces and assemble your garment as usual.
The world around him rocked on. Two teenagers were necking in a nearby booth, legs stretched out so far that they kicked his table occasionally. The Batista knocked portafilters incessantly against the sink, punctuating the caffeine filled air with stainless steel rhythms and drums. The murmuring crowd sang base in low hums, not swayed by the occasional giggle or sharp exclamations.
I know many of you probably think I've vanished from the blogging world or hacked by FB. But I've been here, just overwhelmed with no crafty and life. This time of year I think is just cursed for me, I swear. It seems for the last 5 yrs. from Feb. to May nothing goes right for me. Whats that saying when something goes wrong it all goes wrong. I do apologize and everyday, I think, I need to get online and post something and my day just flies by. Just like the other day I started this blog post and started getting wordy and lengthy and just sputtering and whining and thought this is not what i want to post and took a break. Well, I never got back to the post til today. Between phone calls, emails, appts., physical therapy, napping (alot) and sleeping (which during the night not so much hence lots of naps) there just isn't enough productive hours in the day.
Lots of times!
The Joshua Tree, though, continues to resonate. I don’t listen to it a lot, but it do come back to it fairly regularly—really, a sure sign of a work of lasting value.
As an ex-bullied person, the worst thing you can do is shut yourself away. Staying at home and avoiding people allows your fears to go unchallenged and for your confidence to stay low. How do you know whether people out there are good and friendly if you don’t go out and give them a chance? Even going for a walk on your own can lighten your mood and help you feel more in touch with the outside world. Get in touch with friends, go out for a meal or to the cinema. Interacting with people will build your confidence and take your mind off your worries. It will also give you a more healthy and balanced outlook on the world: it’s not as scary as you might think and there’s a lot of good things to get involved in.
In the meantime, I read a CNN column today that made me laugh. If you want to read it in its entirety, go here. Written by comedian Dean Obeidaliah the short version was this snippet:
Mix all ingredients together in one bowl. Put in greased muffin tin. Bake at 325 degrees for approx. 45 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean.
After a game,
Yes, I am a horrible person. A horrible person who actually considered dangling a Benjamin in front of that boy and daring him to fetch it with his teeth, but nooooooo - he had to go off and pull a heist and be a big frickin' antihero about it. Whatever, buddy.
(404): I mean, he was my book buddy in 1st grade. The kid taught me how to read, the least I could do was give him head.
candy, cookie in the jars. It made me feel like I was in a street of Italy. Oh god,..I want to visit Italy…for free…eat for free too (call me greedy) Tourists helped themselves with an espresso. The co-owner Connie said they’ve opened for close to 10 months. I did not ask no further if they’re financially okay (i’m hope they’re). I only came to enjoy my time. Go visit them if you’re reading this!!
Since I'm teaching a class on lucet weaving at Costume College this year, I felt I had to put rubber to the road, so the speak. So, the straps and front of the stays are laced with standard lucet cord, made from cotton crochet cord, and the back is laced with double lucet cord. I think the cord is certainly sturdy enough for this application...I just need to get all the stretch out.
First off, the cover states "Requiem for a Coward!" but the story is "The Vendetta!" They fix that in issue #66 by putting the wrong title on that cover as well.
- School starts in 3 weeks. Hurray.
1) Responding in Song was a natural thing to do.
... McWhorter said community members without children in local schools need to consider some of the benefits of having a good school system in their area, including the increase of property values.
This beer pours a beautiful dark yellow/orange color with a decent sized head that dissipated quite quickly and left spotty lacing on my glass. I get a good dose of fruit in the nose including apples, pears, oranges, and some Belgian style yeast in the nose. The fruit is the most dominant flavor in the flavor profile with pears and apple being the main players, and there are also flavors of lemon, pepper, and a slight hint of banana as well. The mouthfeel has medium carbonation with a fairly dry finish with the alcohol only barely noticeable. The drinkability is quite nice even at 7.75%, and I would have never guessed it was that high if I didn't read it on the bottle.
So, I find myself in an interesting dilemma. Who’s to say how things will work out? But I will most definitely keep writing, and making videos, and in general just living my life. And we’ll just have to wait and see how things go from there.
-He buys his ex-wife a Valentine's day gift, but nothing for you.
Because Jupiter is a person, and Cancer is the place which gives Jupiter the best resources to fulfill his primary mission. Why Cancer? First you have to get to know the person named “Jupiter.”
The farther I headed down Geary, the closer I got to Russia. Ever since I can remember as an adult, random Russians (and probably Ukranians, too) have come up to me to ask me something, maybe the time, directions. But in Russian, not English. It used to make me laugh and was always a little surprising. How did they know? I grew up in San Jose. Sometimes I would ask, after explaining I didn't understand the question, and if they spoke English, they said they could tell I was one of them from my nose, my lips. My facial features gave me away.
difference like ego counts.
Sigh. That's all I can do is sigh.
A perfect example of time-consuming and low-calorie, pomegranate seeds are perfect for Sunday movie night. They're just sweet and tart enough to keep you coming back for more, but considering the work you have to do to get to each individual seed, even a whole pomegranate (a "whopping" 105 calories) will probably last you through an entire two hour movie. Plus they're a great source of potassium and vitamin C, meaning they're perfect for a day relaxing sore muscles.
silently down
Hi all! So, my attitude isn't as cruddy as before - so no need to be scared off. :) I was just quite irritated with the whole day.
For right now, there's only Farm Match. I can wait to see what other new learning apps will be added to the site.
First off a card...
I like to serve these on 100% whole wheat sandwich thins/thin buns. Depending on what's on sale and available, I grab Arnold or Earth Grains. My husband and kids usually like theirs plain, but I like to top mine with some organic baby spinach, red onion, banana peppers and tomato. I usually serve these with a fresh fruit mixture and roasted sweet potato fries or a veggie and pasta salad (stay tuned for those recipes!).
Creme, wandering from vendor to vendor, entranced by the smells and colors, finally managed to get her mom to buy her a few things. A small doll, who was also wearing a blue vest. Some roasted chestnuts, because lunch was still a little ways off and they still needed to tour the city together before heading over the the Keep with the rest of the crowds, for the unvieling after lunch.
So, this Thanksgiving in our home, I'll be attempting the three P's that make it special for me & to me and hope that those who come to share this day of thanks with us feel loved and special the way I truly hope they will.
Let’s break down the scripture a bit. Jesus invites us to “come” meaning we have to act on our part. Jesus always invites, but so often we can be so stubborn and not “go” to Him. Jesus is not gonna drag us… going to Him, needs to be our choice.
The Galaxy S III is full but yet slim with only 8.6mm thick and weighs 133gms even if it has the largest display screen on its category at 4.8-inches. iPhone 4s, on the other hand, is at 9.3mm thick and weighs 140gms with screen size at 3.5 inches(diagonal).
Today, however is the final straw. Waking up at 5am on my day off with severe in pain in my back and right side from a kidney stone, was beyond necessary. This is it you have to go. It's just not working out and quite frankly I'm wondering if you're out to kill me.
January 2001 – After Rob’s Death
It was clearly written by somebody who doesn’t have children. The contents of my handbag are strewn around Dorset on a regular basis, usually in the search for wetwipes, teething rings, my mobile phone etc.
GINGRICH: Does it contemplate that some day we could have a rocket? My point in the speech I made yesterday, which is on CSPAN and I’d love to have all of you look at it. It’s based on having looked at space issues since the late 1950's when missiles and rockets was a separate magazine. And working with NASA and others. I believe by the use of prizes, by the use of incentives, by opening up the space port so that it’s available on a ready basis for commercial fight, by using commonsense for example the Atlas-V could easily be fixed into a man capable vehicle so you didn’t have to rely on — on a Russian launch or a Chinese launch.
Hania kept asking me whether I had figured out the being’s identity. No, I hadn’t. She seemed highly amused by my cluelessness. Finally, unable to contain herself any longer, she told me who he was. I was completely surprised, despite knowing all about her channeling relationship. I had been confused by his ordinariness, I explained, having previously encountered him as a much more impressive presence. She said that he sometimes appears in this very human guise, and other times shows his larger self. Well, that’s true of those of us who are embodied, too, and so it seems quite plausible to me. Here are her words: “Jesus Christ, out of His love for me, makes Himself as large or small as is needed to allow me to be with Him best at the time. Our relationship has an aspect of being friends, and He will make Himself to whatever scale is most reassuring for me at the time, so I can maintain this feeling, so as not to intimidate me and throw me off ’the friends’ track.’ Sometimes He is immeasurable, other times as you experienced Him then.”
The Greystones scores well on having a good beer range and I admit that this was a bit of a quandary. I didn't want to get drunk, but I did want to fit in another pub at least. In the end, I decided to get the bus down to the end of Eccy road and pop in the ex Pomona, now renamed the Ecclesall. At least, that's what I wanted to do.... However, a 35 minute wait for a missing bus meant it was gone half three before I set off so I changed my plans. I decided to get off in town and walk to the Sheffield Tap. Since I had to go to the shops for some booze supplies for the night ahead I thought that if nothing else, I could get some draught beer to take out from there.
I’ll have a longer post, I’m sure, later on how the whole hotel experience went (hint: not as well as the car experience) but in summary, I thoroughly enjoyed the drive to Cincinnati and look forward to more road trip with the family in the future…as well as we sleep in the car instead of a hotel.
~Jim Rohn
3. I’m trying very hard not to pay attention to what the woman in the skimpy outfit on my right has going on. Trying. Very. VERY. HARD.
Such a venerable institution didn’t vary wherever cattle and men were brought together, and so Cory and Reb enjoyed the campfire as much as any on their trek North to Dawson City, Yukon.
Linda has been instrumental in Berner Trail Public School winning the gold standard as an eco school, has lead the school choir for a generation (and even sang the anthems at a Blue Jays game). As a teacher and an artist and an environmentalist, Linda has left her mark on her profession and her school.
08-Dennis Brown-Concentration
The first thing to mention is that all the people who work there are incredibly friendly. Everyone we met from the car parking staff, security, the tour guides, the hospitality staff and even the shuttle bus drivers, were all incredibly nice, loved to talk about Harry Potter in great depth and were happy to take pictures of us with the exhibits. It really does make a difference to the atmosphere when the staff engage with the subject as deeply as the audience and have knowledgeable tidbits to share with anyone who cares to
Justin's brother got a girlfriend. That he knew a long time ago. Before I was around. Meaning- Justin's mom has known her longer than she's known me.
1 clove garlic minced
Hi everyone, Happy Easter, and Happy Passover.
Not so much fun. Where were the cool costumes? What's this boring play? You want me to learn how many lines?
Now this question wasn't to belittle me or attack me but to tell you the truth, I thought this would have been asked a lot more and more frequently.
TRANSUNION, EQUIFAX, take note. Your BAR attorneys will not be able to
us for a sleep-over afterwards. ;-)
There is one psychic I know of who has an incredible reputation, is fully booked for months in advance and yet she guesses at most of what she says, generalises a lot in a clever way, repeats the same things to every 4 out of 10 people and basically is not very good at all. What she is so good at is letting them talk non stop though and has a good 5 minute conversation at the start of the reading and with them doing all the talking as they’re nervous. She gets enough information from that initial start that she can turn it all around to sound different making it look like she got it herself by reading them.
The problem was that most people wanted some proof of this accomplishment – perhaps a copy of the anthology in which their poems appeared, or a plaque. And that’s where the fees applied. The anthology cost over $50. Bio? $25. Poems on a CD, a plaque, a medallion… it all adds up.
unlikely."
Here are ten comments/questions that no woman or girl EVER wants to hear. At the moment your giant brown puppy dog eyes may save you from a womans scorn, but in later years, if you don't heed my advice, you may need to learn to dodge oranges and raspberry slushies.
Level 24: MP Cost: 50, Duration: 240 seconds, 83% chance to not get knocked back.
To start my opinion, I was going through my news feed one afternoon and saw that we had let our coach go, which I questioned at first, but seeing how terrible we did this year, I knew we had to change something. We also let go of Greg Oden, which was a change I have waiting for, for a couple years now. Oden had been benched for three years with re-occuring injuries and surgeries and never played. They reduced his salary, but to me, that wasn’t enough. Even my dad, a huge Blazers fan as well, didn’t know why we kept him, and agreed with me that we should have let him go last year. I saw the amount trades we were doing and was hoping to high heaven that we would at least keep Luke Babbit, Nicolas Batum and LaMarcus Aldridge.
Rum, gin, vanilla Beans, grapefruit zest, ripe guavas, Chinese five spice powder, and a stalk of lemongrass are infused over night and then built into a tasty beer punch the next day with fresh lime juice, citrusy IPA, and sugar. This is our recreation of punch originated by Washington, DC bartender Jon Harris. You have never had anything like it, we promise you.
the only problem is that even your two-pin cellphone charger will not go in there. I shopped around, and found this adaptor at BigW for $9.93:
People in either of these categories will occasionally be challenged by someone to live up to the label they are claiming. In certain forums on the Internet, they will be challenged with vigor.
It ain't easy, growin' up in World War III
~ Meditating on the Inner Marriage, the Christ to the Magdalene, the Divine Masculine to the Divine Feminine, Shiva to Shakti, on this day deepens and expands the depths to which one can experience true Oneness within.
February 14 happens to be Saint Valentine's Day, and I hope some nice fellow(s) shower you with flowers and chocolate! You're a fine young woman and you deserve the very best!
I like the new church. But the “get-to-know” you part is painful, vulnerable, and a mine-field of potentially awkward questions. Which in a small town you are expected to answer. My mother told me this week that she believes I am a “bruised person”–that whether people mean well or not, any contact hurts right now. I guess I would have to agree. The people are nice there, but I find myself tearing up in their midst at the pain of being apart from my kids.
Many, many years later, I revisited this whole bizarre time in my life. It felt like someone else's memories had been downloaded into my brain. Was that really me? Was I really that zealous and blindly accepting? What the Hell did my mother think about the whole thing? What made me decrease my commitment to my church and my religion?
It's wanting to be pregnant. To be sick. To have swollen ankles. To stay up all night, rocking a screaming newborn.
Mildred Packer was a young woman from rural Kansas who came to Red River in the summer of 1971. Her and her husband came for a few weeks each summer and always stayed in the same hotel. Her husband became popular with the drinking crowd in town while Mildred tended to spend all day in and around the hotel. According to local legend, she was a shy, timid woman with an alcoholic husband who abused her both emotionally and physically for years. According to local legend, this summer of 1971 saw the husband spending the couple’s “vacation” fishing all day with other men and then drinking all night long in the town’s saloons and bars while his wife stayed back in their hotel room alone. According to legend, after about a week in town, Mildred Packer’s husband promised her that he would take her square dancing at the Red River Community House that evening after he had another long day of drinking and fishing.
Thanks for sticking through this with me. You are the greatest!
To win the Sassafras Lass Kit you have to be a follower of my other blog, A PAPER'S PURPOSE. Leave me a comment on the post with the photo of the prize kit and your name will be included for the random draw.
Sometimes, a girl just needs her Mama.
That said, journalism roles are becoming less specialized. Journalists need to understand programming, marketing and social media, editing and solid SEO. Those principles are no longer the roles of just a few in a modern newsroom. They have to be top-of-mind for everyone.
"How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and the strong. Because someday in life you will have been all of these. ~ George Washington
A stream of highly charged particles from the sun is headed straight toward Earth, threatening to plunge cities around the world into darkness and bring the global economy screeching to a halt.
6. Put the intelligence of the heart at the service of the intelligence of the mind.
“Okay, I get it. I was only suggesting it because. Well. If it’s not random, crazy hormones running amok in your body, I have to admit, I’m seriously concerned. The last time you had this much trouble, you were starved, verbally abused, neglected, treated like a slave, worked thirty hours a week while going to school and was being forced out of house and home by the man who should have been protecting you.”
05. On my mind feat. Lentle Kay (prod. by Carnyiso)
As I look down again at the watch, the time reads 1.43am.The brief exposure of my wrist to the cold causes the hairs on my arm to stand on end immediately. The sensation runs up my arm and down into my chest and back like my fingertips were plugged into the mains. 1.44a.m. and I’m beginning to wonder. Does she see me? I try and hold back a wry smile as the thought occurs to me that she does see me. In fact, she is watching me too. Locked together in a game which neither of us is truly certain we have an opponent. The idea warms me for a split second until the chill of the night regains its upper hand. I reach inside the pocket of my jacket and take out the cigarette packet, pulling the last slender stick and placing it to my lips. I don’t even worry the burning end will give away my location, a single orange ember like the last manned lighthouse in sea of dark and concrete. I’m calling to her now, “Do not fear. Do not perish. Come toward my light and shelter in my embrace”.
I got started listening to Dave Matthews from my best friend in high school. We turned into quite the groupies, traveling to as many local concerts we could. Boy, I could tell you some stories sometime over a glass of wine!
Here at Rancho FirstNations, we are hard as nails and metal as fuck; therefore we decorate with dead animal parts.
Now the pepper plants are at the correct size for what they should be right now. I should be able to get them into the ground right around the correct time. The photo above shows the plants from the old seeds and the heirlooms. The flat of new seeds are having a really hard time sprouting. In fact, I put the cover back on them tonight. I don’t think they have gotten warm enough to open the seeds yet.
Mr. Estévez seemed a bit depressed and it seemed that he did not go outside much anymore and that he had not had contact with anyone in a long time, I am not sure if I was in the dream or not at this point, and I think that there were some flashbacks of times when him and his group used to meet at the apartment-like house; but I am not sure.
A. $15 is reasonable and I can bring the boyfriend for only $5 more. Nice.
"I do know that when they are older, and telling their own children about their grandmother, they will be able to say that she stood in the storm, and when the wind did not blow her way - and it surely has not - she adjusted her sails."
And the one thing I cannot wrap my mind around
Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: Not in all countries, only a few…
As you can see from the picture, the boys and I took the opportunity to do some sightseeing while we were in San Francisco today. That's them on Lombard Street, the crookedest street in the world. I have to say, I was very impressed... We all walked all the way down the crooked block... And then we all walked back up. Ricky hoofed it and made it to the top a good five minutes before Andrew and me. Andrew and I were huffing and puffing and taking breaks all the way up. The kid with lung disease made it up there first! Go Ricky!
My intention was to present in book form the spirit of Nonduality.com. Hence there is a variety of writings from different traditions and fields of endeavor. It’s a good introduction to nondual writings and perspectives.
I'm not very good at doing things like sitting still, relaxing and staying off my feet, which are rather important before a big race, so E was amazing at getting me to stay put. I couldn't ask for a better support crew/coach/running advisor.
Now, you risk mutiny if it shows up. Pepe hates it too. What happened?
Is this really your Final 5?
Why their tears are falling so?---
But don’t you remember
I hope you all had a wonderful holiday weekend. The "fam" and I were away last week enjoying all of the sunshine on the Central California coast, and I have lots to share! We stayed in Morro Bay, toured California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, with teen daughter, did a bit of kayaking in Morro Bay, hiked out to Spooner's Cove to fly kites and check out the dramatic seascape, hung out in downtown SLO shopping and enjoyed the legend Farmer's Market, spent a day in Avila Beach and enjoyed a reggae band at their Farmer's Market, and spent a gloriously gorgeous day at Hearst Castle.
Hello Vampirates fans! Welcome to the sixth stop at Justin Somper's Vampirates: Immortal War blog tour. I'm sure a lot of you have been enjoying the treats from this exciting blog tour so far and there's more fun to come! Today we get a glimpse at Justin's tastes in music as he reveals the music behind Vampirates!
To be just me...I'm still working on it. I fell off the path a lil while ago but that handy GPS got me back to where I needed to be. I can honestly say I'm happy today as was I yesterday and the day before. My mom noticed the subtle change of dullness to smile. I thought it was just the weather lately for me losing the light a lil bit. Cj is helping me bring it back and the funny part is he doesn't even realize I think how happy he does make me. He brings out just me...
I really liked the format that this Bible study used. Each week has it’s own memory verse; plus each week’s “lesson” is divided into six daily mini-lessons. Each daily “mini-lesson” centers on its own verse(s) and its own topic; plus every day there are two questions for personal reflection. The seventh day is the group discussion questions.
It is not a static opposition, to be sure, but a historical one. It is eerily familiar, in truth. The first scene is that of enclosure, the privatizing by force of common lands that inaugurates the modern world of employers and employees, commodities and wages, blood and fire. The second scene is that of globalization, wherein every corner of the earth must be drawn into the dream of liberal democracy, open to all — in so far as every corner of the earth might thereby become another outpost of the market, hiring a few, dispossessing a few more, and assuring that commerce is equally available to each with sufficient coin in purse. The whole history of capitalist modernity in four months!
Favorite TV Comedy Actor
Our night out got canceled because Turner has what looks most like scarlet fever. Yes, scarlet fever. What is this, the 1800s? So he and Holden brought me flowers, chocolates, a movie, and sushi. It ended up being a great night in with the boys I love.
This Saturday, please join us from 7 to 10PM at 501 Studios (501 N I-35) for our February Beer Social. We will have all of the elements that make our Beer Socials great - live music, great beer, and good conversation. This month we're also adding a "Home Brewers' Corner", and we invite all home brewers to share the fruits of their labor with fellow brewing enthusiasts.
Something fated about this day maybe. Great and terrible things.
I hugged her before she left. And I couldn't wait for us to talk with the orthopedic surgeon.
Me, I can't see Leonardo Di Caprio as Sam Spade but apparently half of the voters could. Narrowly coming in second was Robert Downey, Jr. Eddie Murphy picked up a couple of votes, but Ioan Gruffudd and Antonio Banderas were shut out.
½ Vilnius Gin
This video clip certainly started the brain cells pondering. It reminded me that dandelions appear almost everywhere and once there is one it won’t be long before it multiplies and it is hard to get rid of. Dandelion and bee video. The airborne seed heads may contribute to this – but then of course this emphasises that the dandelion doesn’t rely on the honeybee for pollination.
after all of that and just so y'all know, many deleted paragraphs, in the words of the best president we ever had except he was only on tv...
in her flight
unleashed, unto the fulfillment of your will and desire in wonderful and
What a week! Our home has been a little stressy these past few days as Big Chuck's been going full tilt on some projects for work. Poor guy, he's pretty much chained to his laptop and has been walking around with a rather crazy look in his eye ;) I have become very proficient at editing science documents and working in Microsoft Word (cringe).
Finally, one might ask why the obvious discrepancy between the demagogic media circus coverage of events in Sanford, Florida, in glaring contrast to relative media indifference to the recent murder of an Islamic Iraqi woman in El Cajon, California. Her brutal bludgeoning to death at home by assailant or assailants unknown, was accompanied by the leaving of a note by the perpetrator (s) tagging her as a “terrorist,” and as one who should have “gone home where she came from.” The suicide note is alleged to have contained rhetoric borrowed from recent Zionist and Neo-Conservative political events in southern California drenched in Islamophobia. Where are Wolf Blitzer and Dana Bash? Sean Hannity and Bill O’Reilly? Abraham Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai Brith? Morris Dees and the Southern Poverty Law Center? Jesse Jackson, Maxine Waters, and Bobby Rush?
Buy?
I adore my new magnolia stamp! i've been after her and him (snowman) for ages! so when it was finally instock straight into my basket it went!! hehe! it's been a while for a maggie fest... there's just so many fabulous stamps out there at the moment i'm having trouble in using my maggies (i know shocking for me right....)
Interviewer: Sheik Al-Qaradhawi has warned against a Shiitization campaign in Sunni societies. Do you share his fears?
Well, I blotched that final assessment but good - 77%, My competitive soul is NOT HAPPY. Oh well, such is life, shrug and move on. Here's Stupefix Video Celebratory Video
So my cousin was going to the football game with her boyfriend of 12 years now. Then it was 11 years but I digress. So we were taking care of her two kids while they were at the game. And before her and her boyfriend were going to go shopping if he didn't have to work, so it ended up he had to work. So she texted me asking if I would go to the family get together if she would and I said whatever fine. So my parents took the older one with them and the boy and I had the younger one since had to take a nap. And we chilled out while waiting for the game to end and her to come over. Then we went off to my aunts house. I don't remember how long we were there exactly but it was really weird and awkward. One of my cousins was drunk and he was trying to get the youngest boy to come to him and he didn't do it which sort of amused me. But it was really annoying to me that he was drunk in the first place. Anyways we were going to have the kids do their presents. But no one stayed in the room and they all went into the other room. Which was super annoying. Before that grandma handed out cards with money in them. The boy got one which was good. And then the problem. Grandma left out my cousins boyfriend again.... see they say they are not racist but its pretty clear they are. And she just gave one card with some money for my cousin and her two boys. Well she was stewing and then the present thing didn't make anything better. It was pointless why we even came. We could have had a great time just staying at the house. But we tried. Its just never been the same since my great auntie died. So we were trying to make the best of it but I went in the other room and they were opening presents in there! And I was like what the crap. But I was just trying to give away the ornaments the boy and I made. Then my cousin blew up said she was done and well since I was her ride I was getting all ready to leave. Then it was a screaming match cussing all over and my uncle telling her to get out of his house and shes not welcome anymore. And grandma screaming that she isn't racist and that he never said thank you so that’s why she was mad. And then my grandpa who was drunk but trying to keep the peace and calm Heidi down and my aunt who tries to get into everyones business and oh boy it was quite the mess. So we high tailed it out there and went back to my house to wait for everyone to come back and then talk and later my parents took her and the boys home. But oh boy it was a great mess. Christmas day was good though haha.
"Now, don't worry, kids; Elmo's more afraid of you than you are of him!
"Right Down the Line" by Gerry Rafferty
5. Your answer depends a lot on how you view the Bible.
that i breathe
The question I've got is who says that the ultimate metric of life is how long it is? I still don't get that. I'd argue that each of us is trapped in this thing we call a body so getting it to a point where we're comfortable in it for the duration of our time here isn't necessarily a trivial or simply superficial thing.
BTW-
And with that, Day 013 was finished.
This has turned out to be much longer than I anticipated, and so I will continue with the other princesses later this week.
And finally someone praised the hummus. And that was that.
Another year of Finch's Holiday Time Boutique! Whew! We had SUCH a great turn out - thanks to everyone who attended, purchased lovely items, and to those who MADE those lovely items. What a success!
Okay, I lied about the drink - they were more than willing to help without bribes or begging involved.
Taking the gist of this tag from Visha:
I will continue to run with you and for you. Please watch over me as I train again this spring, and guide me through to another momentous race, but maybe this time without the achilles injury. :)
The most important message is what it doesn't tell us. It doesn't tell us whether the person who died consented when the lethal dose was administered.
I hope you stick around to see what the new year brings for our family. I fully expect animals to come to our property this year. The only two things Jacob asked for this year for Christmas were sheep and a German Shepherd puppy. He didn't get either this year, but I have a sneaky feeling that next year he will have some animals to enjoy.
Royal the pageant closes,
100g semi sweet chocolate chips
So, come on, America. You know in your hearts that I’m the best choice. Your brains might disagree, but those guys are dicks anyway. Plus, I’m from Pennsylvania, just like Rick, Ron, and Newt. So… I guess that means I’ll lose to Romney?
I wanted to give each of you a little something as a thank you for everything you've given me this year. Well, it didn't arrive in time for Christmas. We're all moms here, so I know you'll understand.
This is the chicken man. He is the most incredible butcher of poultry I have ever seen. His ability to de-bone and prepare a chicken breast sotille (very thin) is nothing short of mastery.
He was only nineteen years old and yet, he had already made an indelible mark on the world. Last Friday evening, we lost Dane. His death has paralyzed our community. He was a 2011 graduate of Cape Fear High School in Fayetteville, NC. He was a freshman at East Carolina University this year and he planned to major in biology.
But I have learnt that maybe we shouldn’t be so self-concious about trying things like this. I was worried about looking uncoordinated and silly, but I learnt that a lot of the other women there are worried about looking silly too. And a lot of the other women there DO look silly. So I guess what I’m saying is, even if you think you look silly doing something, give it a try. Because after you have tried it once, there is always going to be someone who is newer than you, and looks more silly than you do. And someone with a bum bigger than yours.
coming from her nose.”
you greedy, gluttonous sod,
I have found a way to prepare my heart for the resurrection of Jesus though! A pastor I had in college and who I still keep up with is doing at 40 Day Challenge with her current congregation and I've decided that I'll be following along and posting in here. I've already made a page (up near the top of this blog) with the 40 days of topics listed out and ready to go. They've got dates next to them so it'll be an exercise in staying current for me to stay on top of all the topics.
Oddly, at the same time as they want to supposedly make it easier for people to own guns, they also want to increase the number of people that get put in jail for all sorts of crimes. This is strange because the statistics that we already have indicate that most types of crime are on the decrease.
The park was so cute. We have many cute parks in Arlington, but parks in the city have different feels to them. For a moment I daydreamed about living in D.C.
It struck me that Josh felt no embarrassment. Or if he did, he had no way of showing it. He just seemed relieved, maybe refreshed even, in a fine mood and ready for dinner. What must it be like to be that free/ devoid of social shame?
We experienced a problem, fixed it on our end and tried to advocate so that we didn’t experience it again in the future nor did anyone else. But advocacy is often unwelcome. People don’t necessarily want to hear it. They want us to not bother their perfect worlds or to come out in public where we can teach our kids what they need to do. People don’t want to be inconvenienced. Opening your mind or being willing to show tolerance — which is pushed all over the place in this political campaign, to everyone except the disabled — is not something everyone’s going to do, regardless of how hard we tried.
Tina Rath – Miss Massingbird And The Vampire
1. Timing your eats around your exercise:
Another time, this time walking through the woods near a battle site between my cousin's and my ancestors and the encroaching white people, I saw an owl in a low-hanging branch. As I was bounding down the trail, I noticed the tiny bird and stopped dead in my tracks (so to speak...). Our eyes locked and I spoke to the owl; s/he waited a few moments, and then flew off. The next morning I was told my grandfather was near death.
Story: Mac MacDonald
In laboratory studies, vitamins such as A, C and E, as well as compounds such as isothiocyanates and dithiolthiones found in broccoli, cauliflower, and cabbage, and beta-carotene found in carrots, tomatoes, and salad greens, have been shown to protect against cancer.
So stop by, if you’ve nothing else going on. The kids will be trick or treating and the adults will be enjoying The Nightmare Before Christmas. Which has never been a Christmas movie…..
The Vein of Gold by Julia Cameron
* a good session at physical therapy
I have always loved fine French foods and a certain little macaroon shop in France! which happens to sell the most wonderful creamy pastries and alike... so these are my craving relief until I get back to France lol!
b. vs. “Meditate” on God’s statutes
Half a minute later, the ball found its way into Arsenal’s goal yet again, when Zafuan’s mental powers willed it away from the feet of Aaron Ramsey and travelled past goalie Wojciech Szczesny right into the net.
Beer Karma strikes again. Ricky Stuart; shit bloke, no trophy.
Chris Colfer
The Varnish works fine, again compared with Vallejo it sprays thicker but I have had no issues with clouding or post spray disasters. Price wise it's £7.65 so just over a £1 saving. Again that nagging feeling it failed to cover as many figures but in fact out lasted the primer buy two units. Given the need to go over the figures less than with the Vallejo leaves me thinking I am right about the coverage being lower. This would mean the £1 saving is eaten into with a need to replace the sooner. Another issue but one of taste, the Matt finish is more Satin than true Matt which for some is a plus point but if you want flat matt this is probably not your spray.
I remember reading that when the writer Tracey Chevalier had her first baby, someone told her that "every baby costs one book"; she said something to the effect that that seemed fair enough. But we should turn Connolly's equation upside-down and say that maybe what's in the pram – breathing, vulnerable life, hope, a present responsibility – is actually more important than good art. It might make us produce less art, but maybe it would be art with the future at its heart.
Every year at around this time my husband and I have to learn to dart quickly around our garden holding tea trays over heads for fear of plummeting pears. Not really, but they do come down pretty quick and make a hell of a racket banging onto the lawn.
I remember one day missing Bear so bad I sat on the floor of her room, curled in a ball, holding her baby blanket just sobbing. The kind where you feel like you are going to puke. All her toys were starting to collect dust and life seemed on pause. When children are kidnapped or die young, I don’t completely understand but, I have an idea of what that parent goes through. Life on pause. I just needed to feel the weight of her in my arms, trace her chubby fingers with mine. Breathe her in. Whisper in her ear I was trying everything for her. Dustin came home from work to find me there. He just sat next to me and started silently crying. He didn’t break down often but he did that night. We sat there for a long time, surrounded by smiling Pooh and Tigger, as the sun set, just sobbing. A 23 yr old and 24 yr old just trying to tackle the worst case scenario.
This might sound easy but when you consider that Craft has 21 keg pumps and 16 cask pumps I could end up getting er...wrecked!
"I spent most of my career designing, building, and marketing computer software. After retiring, I needed a creative outlet. A few years ago I discovered mixed media collage and it’s been a love affair ever since.
If you'd like to join us, it's only 400 Euros for two days. Now there's a bargain.
Since my new job requires a bus ride to work, I've found myself getting much more reading done lately. And as my "read" pile gets a little larger, I realize it's time to get rid of some of the books on my bookshelves.
seat salt and ground black pepper to taste
Look at my hands
Last week, I was back in Santa Rosa, the Monkey People have changed again, this time Claire Sheller and Mackenzie Bergstrom took me to meet the monkeys.
Bruno said she needs to be more precise and have more control. Carrie Ann commented on how confident she’s becoming, but agreed with Bruno about the lack of control. Len said there were some excellent good parts and other parts that were not so good.
Somewhere we went wrong
My publisher is also an author, and he's written a book called AIREL. It's about a teenager who hasn't found out she's an angel yet, and a sick group of other fallen creatures who are after her. Story line is pretty tight. I think Emery would be a cool side character in that book. She'd be that cool chick in the corner nobody pays attention to except to stare at her creepy mask. Fits with the whole theme of AIREL also, of feeling like you don't belong. For Arson, I'd put him in I am Legend. For those who haven't read it, it's much better than the Will Smith version, and it's actually about vamps. Creepy, gross vamps. Robert Neville is this vampire hunter, and I think he could use a sidekick, one who could create fire. I mean, how much easier would it be to nuke a bunch of vampires instead of having to stake em or constantly be using garlic? It'd be so sick.
This post is pretty short. A shit. Coma time.
Alex and Lila are on the run, desperately trying to stay one step ahead of the Unit, which somehow is managing to track their every move. Whilst Alex is determined to keep Lila safe and her ability secret at any cost, Lila’s only thought is of finding a way back to California so that she can rescue her brother and mother from the military base where they’re being held.
Yes, you heard right: Ryan Ellis was “ping ponged in the ding dong”.
Sovereign - Blonde ale (3.8% ABV)
I’ve always been blessed with the ability to see the glass as half full and I struggle with people who constantly see the wackness in everything. It’s tiring. I do have patience for people who need a bit of reminding but not for people who are perpetually negative. I choose not to work with people like that. I’ve always advised teams not to hire bad seeds on their teams. Bad seeds affect everybody and bring the group’s spirit’s down. I’d far rather have somebody who performs at 90% but has a great attitude than somebody who’s a 100% performer but negative.
they skipped to their seats.
They had driven in wild convoys down from Tyre and began to pull the blankets off the mutilated corpses of their mothers and sons and daughters and to shriek "Allahu Akbar" (God is Great") and to threaten the UN troops.
Life drawing by Glen Keane. A good example that a knowledge of anatomy plus use of design elements to create a beautiful drawing, instead of just a record of what's in front of you.
But gone are the days of alarm-less mornings and here are the days of showering, ties, and learning! Yes indeed, school has started! The first of September is known by many names here in Ukraine. Not only is it the Day of the First Bell, but also the Day of Knowledge, and the First Day of Fall!
Radical jihadists are a threat to us how? How are they a threat to our “way of life?” How are they a threat to our nation as a whole? Who really hates us because we are free? Who really holds us in contempt for our ideals of liberty and freedom? The terrorists? The evil doers? Who really are the terrorists and evil doers?
So, here is a new creation - t-shirt with a refashioned neckline. To accomplish this I bought two of the same shirt from Target's 75% off clearance rack. They were probably $3/each so for $6 here is what I made.
You see we started obedience classes last week. John and I came with a small bag of treats and soon realized as the trainer said (ok say your dogs name and give them a treat when they look at you... 10 times in a row), that the treats I brought were way too huge and I sure didn't bring enough with us!
- Radcliffe "Duggie" Bryan, Earl "China" Smith: guitare solo
What problem are we trying to solve?
How to Stop Bullying and Harassment
As I mentioned earlier, The Galileo 7 had gone down well on the continent having had a captive (but willing) audience. Does this mean that it's an issue of location? Camden has a plethora of live venues, all of them crying out for peoples' attention every night. Are we too spoilt for choice to the point where we can't be bothered to discover anything new anymore?
Please, please, please, if you have a communicable illness, try to remember that while you might think you’re just nipping out to pick up a few things you’re running low on, you could be contributing to grinding someone else’s life to an excruciating halt. Or worse, endangering lives. Wear a mask, wash your hands, use sanitizer, cough into your elbow, or stay home.
Anyhow, I see these variety packs of beers and wonder if their contents are somehow made up of factory rejects and product that’s past its shelf life. I don’t know that I’ve ever purchased one of these variety “theme” packs myself, but my dear bride brings them home to me from time to time and I’ve recently determined that by and large, the contents are usually of good quality and within their reasonable shelf life, based mainly on my having checked a few of the beers that actually have dates on them. With this in mind, I suppose I’ll be more apt to buy these variety packs myself from now on.
1. Wash and partially peel the cucumber (stripes) so you have some flashes of green but not the full skin. Chop into large uneven chunks to create texture in the salad.
Still awaiting word from landlord. Don't know yet if we have to move or
And HEY! I am NOT advocating that you give your toddler nuts unless you know for sure they can chew them and swallow them successfully. Especially in the car! (My son got his teeth quickly and early and he is very good at using them, so nuts are okay in our house). Use your judgment, of course.
"Follow Your Heart", now in progress...
When we went to Le Tres Particulier we climbed the hill on it's west side. As we left we wandered the streets north and east, climbing up to it's tip top and ending up on Rue Norvins. This is a lively area and beautiful at dusk. The very old and famous restaurant (once cabaret) Le Consulat greeted us.
I’ve been eagerly following the building of the FoodCorps since its creation was announced two years ago. This brand-new American national service organization—modelled in part on the Peace Corps—was launched last month, and 50 enthusiastic and motivated young people (it was apparently harder to get a spot in the FoodCorps than at Harvard!) spanned out across 41 sites and 10 states to improve nutrition education for kids; develop school garden projects; and change what’s on school lunch trays. Service members work in already-established organizations, and the focus is on areas of the country with the highest rates of childhood obesity and the least access to healthy food.
Everything else can wait. I'm growing a human after all. And whenever I add that to my mental list of accomplishments for the day, I always feel much more successful ;)
b) Jordan loses 40% of its fresh water to evaporation, bad infrastructure, leakage etc compared to Israel 10%
Because of the house’s history (the Eleanor Roosevelt part), some of the community wanted the house preserved. The University wanted to tear the house down and build on the site. And so the traditional conflict between preservation and “progress” wore on for a few months until a rich local businessman with a fondness for preservation bought the house, cut it into four sections, moved it out to his ranch, re-assembled and restored it, and sold the house’s original site to the school. Everybody wound up happy.
Zacheriah Smith Sr. s/o Ambrose Joshua & Judith Ann Spann
–»but ?now… BLM (a bureau to Protect our Public resources, including Our *wild horses*) ~ ~whines AGAIN -(Against Supreme Ct ¤Wisdom¤)
He intended to walk to his aunt’s home and kill her also, but after hearing his grandmother’s last words, decided to call 911, the affidavit said.
Finally, here was the distinction I had been looking for! I can try to describe for you the differences between an intuitive and a sensor, but, alas, the limitations of my intuitive-ness might call for outside sources.
Is it perhaps because they are listed among one of the few countries in the world capable of producing nuclear weapons?
For a very corrupt democracy to exist, most people have to agree that's the way things should be. Even regular Joes like me and you. Did you want a receipt with that? Are you sure? (If you say 'no,' the tax-man won't have a clue about this purchase...and I can charge you 10% less.)
Whole Grain Cereal
On my island within an island, beyond my Chinese seawall,
That, of course, is if everyone involved in truly interested in bringing us a clean sport.
Kate: Melanie Nilles is the author of a number of books, including the Starfire Angels series and the Legend of the White Dragon series. In the Big Awesome YA Giveaway, she's offering print copies of four books from her Starfire Angels series--Starfire Angel, Broken Wings, Crystal Tomb, and Origins of Dark Angel.
Once one has out of the way the embarrassing disco-dancing, neither attentive nor revealingly contradictory to the score, the third act continues to heighten the contrast between the late bourgeois-phenomenal world and a noumenal alternative; we also continue to follow a stronger portrayal of Erik than is generally encountered. He emerges as more dignified, more of a credible character, despite his backward-looking music. Though Erik may be no revolutionary, here and in the preceding act – especially upon the words ‘Satan hat dich umgarnt!’ – he presents us not only with a plausible alternative morality to either of the production’s two principal worlds, but also with true, deeply-felt anger, through Marco Jentzsch’s finely judged, not-quite-heroic portrayal. He may be romantic rather than Romantic, but he is no cipher. However, it is the darkly Romantic image of Senta’s portrait that is revealed as the final backdrop for Martin Zehetgruber’s set designs. Victory for erotic metaphysics over Erik’s more plausible humanity? Perhaps, but not quite, for, in a move that genuinely shocked me, Erik shoots dead first the Dutchman, upon his self-revelation, and, following her final words, Senta too. Then comes the ‘redemptive’ ending, where one might have expected Dresden. Viewing the two lovers upon a now-empty stage, one continues to question, though not necessarily to discount, the claims Wagner makes for redemption. His music may point us to Tristan, but that only begs further questions.
A goat named Jesus chased a family up a tree and got pepper-sprayed by the police, a Norwegian farmer now feels he has little option but to chuck the offending goat on the barbecue.
Those were the only two bands we saw, as the show started at 4:15pm and we didn't have 7+ hours of music in us.
Once I started working, I took Eric with me to Fairview every day. He has no idea he is with me. I don’t think he has any idea how many cars he rides in each morning. I never pay attention to the road when he is in the car with me. It takes me almost 35 minutes on that damn road each day. Now what am I going to do?
setting words on fire,
the next weekend off to Germany.
New York, NY— On January 6, 2012, Marcquel McDuffy, 22, was stabbed in the head and chest with a pen knife following a wrestling match with a friend in Fort Greene’s Farragut Houses (NYCHA). According to the victim’s brother, Mr. McDuffy and the suspect (Keylester Williams) had no known conflict between them. Both parties were reportedly inebriated during the attack, which took place around 9:30PM.
So, seriously. I know that we're on day 6 of 10 and I cant just kick you to the curb, but can you please pass on the side effects? Please???
Within days, another South African company jumped on the bandwagon, brining full-force wit and satire with them. Nando’s, a popular fast food chain serving chicken, aired Nando’s Options, a :45 TV response to the insurance spot, produced by Black River FC. The set is the same- The Nando’s commericial opens on a man, standing in front of a bar, as he nonchlanetly talks, and the waiter is busy behind him. Except this time, it’s the plates of food the waiter keeps delivering to the bar that change. The man smugly asks, “Tell me, did you notice the meal beside me changed three times during this ad… Three.” The Nando’s logo and URL close the spot.
While I agree with Josh that college administrators capture and waste a larger portion of the rents and that the withdrawal of state support dramatically increased the economic load of higher ed for non-wealthy families, I cannot come anywhere close to agreeing with the last couple sentences of the quoted portion.
I saw a t-shirt today, and I immediately had to have it. I felt that it accurately represented my appreciation for sandwiches, my lack of any understanding of "style", and as an added bonus it seemed to imply an appropriate amount of street cred for a software engineer that wears shirts that express an appreciation for sandwiches.
On wednesday our internet cut off, I nearly cried.-__- But I found other ways to occupy myself anyway. Went out to lunch with my granny in Holywood, went to a place called The Dirty Duck, which despite the name is LOVELY (if a tad expensive..). Had really nice Oak Smoked Haddock. After that we had a walk around the shops in Holywood, saw a few cute places with things I want to buy, a few places I'd like to take Jake, and had a hunt for something to get my mum for her birthday next weekend. Was a really lovely day.^_^
But Jesus changed all that.
The stitches go through half the thickness of the outsole then come up through the uppers. The insole is pasted in around the front, but stitched to the heel cover in back. Those tapered edges are trimmed and pushed up to blend into the upper latter.
Think of all the new majors. Think of all the innovative uses of technology. As Josh himself notes, dorms are way nicer, food is way way better, and athletic and leisure facilities are way way way better.
SOE is in discussions with Sigil regarding the future of Vanguard and Sigil Games in Carlsbad. Talks are going well and first and foremost, our primary concern right now is what’s best for Vanguard and its community. We want to ensure that this game and its community have a healthy future. The specifics that we work out over the coming days will all be with that single goal in mind.
"The riot was a multi-generational affair. Adults, teenagers, and children each played their part. Baby Snesh and her stuffed frog helped by adding pieces of newspaper to the fire." - Sourced from: Photo Essay: Anatomy of a South Africa Riot (more pics on the website)
"Oh." Feeling exposed, he shrugs. "No worries."
Later that evening, Keller learns about the letter and can not believe that Tommy would expose his students to something so un-American. Insulted, Tommy decides to read the letter to spite him.
Cranberry marker
I called first this morning at 10 am. (I called Best Buy store # 490) I was not connected to anyone and the line just rang and rang and rang. So I called back, 4 more times. Same thing. Just rings and rings. So I called again and pressed 3 for the Geek Squad. Got to a live person and they connected me to appliances. The phone just rang and rang and rang. So I called back. Same thing for a half hour! NO ONE ANSWERED THE PHONE! So I tweeted @twelpforce again. Sure enough, they got through to the store. I tried again. NO ANSWER. I finally got through to a LIVE person after 40 minutes. (which I am seething about because that is just POOR customer service! Wait! That's not even customer service! How do they operate a business if no one answers the phone?)
One of the few criticisms I had from my previous review of Aventine a couple of years ago was their lack of advancement into ebook services. Aventine has rectified that, and while this service is not undertaken in-house, it did not surprise me to find that Aventine had partnered with eBookit to provide multi ebook format options for authors. This is a classic case of one outstanding company recognising and affiliating with another of equally strong reputation.
You would naturally espect that countries like Italy and Spain, with their soft-centred atheist anarchist cosmopolitan populations, would soon fall for this sort of protesting. So far, Paris, home to the crunchy Frog, has not surrendered, but it is only a matter of time. Saddest of all is the news that even in Holy Pissing Ireland they have a couple of #Occupy sites. This is the sort of thing you can see and hear if you go to the one in Dublin. Is a big disgrace! I am mortified. I think.
I'm so very honored & privileged to be given an opportunity to be a Guest Designer on Sundays with Crissy. Crissy Armstrong creates such beautiful images one of which is this little sweetie called "Say a Prayer". The theme for October at Sundays with Crissy is Thanks or Thanksgiving so I thought what better way to say thanks than to offer up a sweet prayer......."Thank you for being you". This could be to a dear friend or as a special thank you prayer to the Lord for all He has done.
Reading a book about crimes in Chicago.
Inspirations: a book (omega minor(Paul Verhaeghen) ). a series (californication). and a living creature.
(And yes, she tweeted about the mess, and in a way that was dismissive…. Only to backtrack and be like, “Tee hee! 140 characters and all.”)
They also said that, if I tried to leave before I turn 18, they’ll call the cops and send me to juvi (they also said that if I didn’t listen to them they’d send me to juvi as well). I can’t even go to either of my cousins houses because my parents are sure I’m the way I am because of the people I hang out with and not because of how I feel. They said that it’s the devils influence on me. They also said I don’t know what it means to be this way. What would they know about how it feels to be in the wrong body?
Being a small business owner is the greatest joy and the greatest challenge. I know that whatever my business accomplishes, it will be a direct result of the effort I have put into it. It’s a great feeling. On the other hand, I’ve never worked harder in my life. I have to be aware of everything: sales, products, trends, advertising, online marketing, accounting, reporting, licensing, banking, maintenance, purchasing, cooking, cleaning and on and on. To succeed, you need to know where to spend your time concentrating on what’s at hand while keeping an eye on everything else. Time management is critical. I often tell people that I wish there was just a few more hours in a day to get done what needs to get done. And, do you know what helps? PLANNING.
In 2005, on a visit to Temasek House in Kuala Lumpur, Lee pointed out a photograph on the wall and described the picture to her: “This is a picture of you doing the joget.” Her swift retort: “Put it in the furnace.”
Direct. VIII. Another duty of husbands and wives is, to be helpful to each other in their worldly business and estates. Not for worldly ends, nor with a worldly mind; but in obedience to God, who will have them labour, as well as pray, for their daily bread, and has determined that in the sweat of their brows they shall eat their bread; and that six days they shall labor and do all that they have to do; and that he that will not work must not eat.(41)
It’s MANday here at Glitter, Bliss, and Perfect Chaos, where we tirelessly research for photos of hot shirtless men ALL WEEK, to make your Mondays suck a little less. Today’s MANday is so hot, I’m afraid if I don’t tell you all this first, once you see the photos you’ll be off in fantasyland somewhere and we won’t be able to reach you!
I coloured Alice in copics and the sentiment is edged in "Brushed Corduroy distress ink....I added some good ol' viva pearls here and there too, for good measure! ;) I probably could have put one or two on the corner embelishment too....mmm. I will have to do that later!
"No." Demetrius shook his head and grabbed one of the stools from in front of the island to slide it around to her. He took her firmly by the hips and sat her down on it. "You need to rest and heal." His hands stayed upon her, and though she threw him a furious look, she didn't tell him to take them off.
Stamps: It's a Wrap Holidays, Teeny Tiny Wishes
CL. I do think that there is a lack of gender discourse in sound arts. I’m not entirely sure why this is but I suspect that it is largely because sound arts could still be said to be an emergent discipline so up until very recently it has been largely concerned with trying to trace its lineage and mark out its territory or set its boundaries very broadly. More recently the discourse has extended into the details of areas of practice but I think there is probably about to be a large expansion in the way that sound arts are practiced, viewed and talked about.
If we learn to accept the will of God, the situation we find ourselves in, the church we are called to and the marriage that we are bound to, and we not only accept it but embrace His will, we will find that the mundane becomes something far greater. Eating the same old thing becomes an opportunity to give thanks to our Lord for His continual provision. That job now is a blessing undeserved through which God provides not only what we need but what we enjoy too. Our churches become venues to minister to others rather than just taking from others. Marriage and family become the practice field for learning God’s character, love and your need for His grace. All the things that are so mundane become glorious when we embrace the Lord and see things His way rather than our way. Instead of lusting for things to change we should desire and pursue the transformation of our own character, desires and ambitions. We need to go from a selfish outlook to one of a servant saved by grace. When we realize how great our God is and how deep and wide His love for us is we can’t help but be content. And when we learn contentment from being more like Christ all of that adds up to a gloriously profound life, no matter how dreary the circumstance. Contentment with godliness IS the recipe for a fulfilling and satisfying life (I Timothy 6:6, Philippians 4:11-13). Variety may be a spice in life, but joy comes from a changed heart rather than changed circumstances.
Even if it's spring and last week we had great weather we need to take the umbrella with us instead of a sunglasses.
Secret Squirrel
Not long after I downloaded this I learned that the Dirt Daubers as well as the Legendary Shack Shakers are playing in Santa Fe June 7 as a Thirsty Ear Festival kick-off party. Details here.
Avengers week continues! Here’s another member of the Avenger’s holy trinity: Iron Man. When it comes to the Avengers Captain America, Thor and Iron Man are the 3 big dogs. They’re not always all on the team at the same time but when they are that is when you know you have the real deal. Sometimes months pass where you have a team of say Iron man, Dr. Druid, Yellowjacket, Jacosta, Rage and Jack-of-Hearts and you’re just thinking why the hell am I reading about one cool character surrounded by this gang of losers? Not to say those losers can’t make for interesting characters but The Avengers book in the past has strayed a little too far from its roots as Marvel’s premiere super team a little too often. Once you’ve got the trinity together then you can pad the team with whatever other wankers you want and it’ll still make for a good read. A few years ago writer Brian Michael Bendis took a hard look at the Avengers and realized the team was comprised mostly of B-list characters who couldn’t support a title of their own so what place did they have on the Avengers. He noted that DC Comics has their Justice League which is comprised of all of their biggest and best known heroes like Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Flash, Aquaman etc. so why shouldn’t the Avengers be Marvel’s equivalent to that? He destroyed the team in a storyline called Avengers disassembled where many of the B-listers were killed including Hawkeye, Vision, Antman and Jack-of-Hearts (don’t worry, most of them are better now) Bendis then rebuilt the team from the ground up in a newly launched title called The New Avengers. This team included Capt and Iron Man and I’m sure would have included Thor had he been alive at the time. In an unorthodox move Bendis also added a couple of Marvel’s other signature characters who seemed to have no place on the Avengers, Wolverine and Spider-Man. This roster change resulted in the Avenger’s becoming Marvel’s top selling book for the first time in decades. This move worked in getting me to read the Avengers book on a regular basis which I had never done before. Bendis has remained on the book ever since and has expanded the line. I now buy a half dozen Avengers books every month, Avengers, New Avengers, Secret Avengers, Avengers Academy and Avengers Assemble. Not to mention solo books for Cap, Iron man, Hulk, Spider-Man and a slew of other Avengers related books.
Paris, as it often is, was basically a fifth main character, and as the students roamed through arrondissements, the reader gets to see Paris in all its glory, beauty, and filth. Each of the scenes are framed by a vibrant Parisian setting whether it’s Alex and Zack shopping at Galeries Lafeyette, Olivia dancing with an underground ballet company, or PJ finding herself in a seedy club in Pigalle. The reader can definitely tell that the author is very familiar with - and in love with - that city. The second book is noticeably the weakest of the trilogy, and I believe that’s partially to due with the fact that Paris is left for other parts of France including Rouen and the Riviera plus a sequence set in Amsterdam. The life of Paris pulses through the story, making outrageous adventures more believable and providing more than a backdrop for the four narrators’ coming of age story.
Independence, Missouri: The “center place” where the New Jerusalem would be built and the Savior would return. Near the Garden of Eden. A temple was to be built in Joseph Smith’s generation in preparation for the Second Coming of Christ, but persecution by evil non-Mormons thwarted the work of the Lord, and the gathering place was moved north and east. At some point, faithful Mormons expect to be called to abandon their homes and their worldly goods and gather to the New Jerusalem.
Our 'Annual Yellowstone trip' turned into a weekend in Jackson instead.
‘You know: I’m pretty sure my job wouldn’t go for that. Too much paper work. Too much procedure.’
Sam: Do they smell like pee?
The fallout at the FBC had rocked the media world. Revelations that Najib and another scandal-tainted Malaysian leader, the Chief Minister of Sarawak Taib Mahmud had both paid handsome sums for glowing accounts of their achievements to be packaged and sold as ‘news’ programs to overseas broadcasters such as BBC, CNN and CNBC are appalling, and have dented Malaysia’s image. The country is tainted because the PM was caught red-handed trying to lie to world about himself and his administration.
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
July 24th: Rogue Distillery & Public House, 1339 NW Flanders, Portland, Ore.
The story opens the night before Lennie and George report to a new workplace. Through dialogue we learn that Lennie loves to pet small soft things, including a dead mouse he has hidden in his pocket, and that they were recently run out of town after a misunderstanding that involved Lennie petting a girl's skirt and then seizing her in a panic when she tried to run away.
Can you imagine a young lady not aware of what that day held; she only knew she needed to survive that day? We know she had a good meal, sat in a decent chair and after all that, she took the time out to try each bed, the beds were not in her personal home so why would she not just settle on the first one and rest her weary soul. AT the end of the day she did not take the road less travel, she took the road with an unknown outcome and she finally settled on the right bed for her afternoon nap.
The 15 letters of your name are written on small pieces of paper, hidden in a bag at the bottom of the closet. The word THE in front of 4 of them — in her semi-perfect handwriting.
But let us help you out here a bit. When looking for a gaming laptop, you can really never go wrong with a brand that specifically makes laptops for gamers. Alienware and MSI come to mind as they release high performance models that are custom-built to withstand the immense performance required by current games. These purpose-built rigs work great at the aspects that gamers need them to run at, namely graphics and processing speeds. This takes us to the next thing that we want to share with you when it comes to getting the best out there. The purpose of a gaming rig is to process the huge amounts of data that games have. This means that they need a very fast processor, a large amount of RAM and a high performance video card to handle the graphics data that make games as realistic as possible.
Lineage
I wouldn't be seeing crazy little man Anthony.
Thanks for reading and we hope to see you at the new blog!!! Let us know you stopped by!
The marvellous display--no wonder the books sold out! I was tempted to buy one myself!
Generally, you do not have as a style rich to accomplish as well as wristband for all cars or trucks.
Why Can’t This be Love
There's no reason why Terriers shouldn't have been at least a modest success, and attempts to figure out why it instead became one of the new season's lowest-rated shows have concentrated on the show's title and what was apparently a confusing publicity campaign that led some potential viewers to conclude that this was a show about dog-fighting. To my mind, however, the problem is much simpler--Terriers has no hook. For just about every series that I love, and quite a few that I don't care for, I could come up with a single sentence that encapsulates what the show does well and why it's worth watching: The Good Wife has the best female characters on TV; Dexter actually gets how to maintain a moral distance from a sympathetic character's immoral actions; Glee has Sue Sylvester. If I had to come up with a one-sentence pitch for Terriers, the best I could do would be: it's really good. Which is as true as it is unpersuasive. When TWoP recapped the series pilot, they likened Terriers to Veronica Mars, which I think gets at the heart of why this show is unsellable. If Veronica Mars is Southern California-set noir with a twist--that the main character is a teenager girl and the show's action takes place in a high school--Terriers is Veronica Mars without that twist, just plain old Southern California-set noir. My reaction to the pilot, meanwhile, was that it was well done but familiar, and though I'm glad I stuck with the show I think that this was an accurate assessment. There was never anything new or original about Terriers, no standout quality to the show. It was simply very good in almost every respect--the stories, both standalone and season-long, the characters, the dialogue--and though this is both admirable and, sadly, unusual, it's also very hard to sell.
This year, let’s try and push the envelope (and maybe win some awards!)
And the last one, I just turned my head every 10 seconds. If you look closely you can see my ear right under my eye.
To date, the group has charted 17 singles onto the Billboard Top-40 Charts.
“Instead of making a $200 million movie and kind of betting the farm on one character, you can develop a television pilot, a television series,” Iger told analysts this month.
That’s what it’s like trying to play a role playing game with a bunch of casual gamer kidz. It is NOT fun.
Bebe, the little baby penguin, is sold separately and comes in a plastic egg. Bebe has three switches that you can press to make her talk. The directions state that Bebe can “talk” to Penbino if you point her directly at Penbino’s heart. We had a little trouble getting this to work but were able to get Bebe to say “Mama” in a cute little voice and that seemed to be enough for my little ones! Bebe is available in 6 different colors, each with its own unique voice.
KILLING JOKE - MMXII
I wasn’t quite ready, however, for what I experienced during my time here. For one thing, on my way to pastoral ministry, the Lord gave me a deep enjoyment of the study of the Old Testament through the teaching of Mark Futato, Richard Pratt, and Bruce Waltke. He then provided a way for me to pursue a doctoral degree in Semitic Languages and Literatures, so that I could be paid to do what I already love to do.
The clutter has spilt over into my life, I have not been eating properly, not planning meals so therefore when it comes time to cooking dinner, I don't have the ingredients and just end up whipping up something easy and not very exciting. I love to cook, but with my disorganised life I don't have time for cooking at the moment. A year ago, I had plenty of time to cook, I would bake often. My son would come home from school and I would whip up a cake or cupcakes or brownies for he and his friends, but I don't do any of that at the moment due to my disorganisation and my kitchen clutter! My laundry seems to pile up and up and up and needs to be organised and put away! I'm drowning in clutter and disorganisation and I can't stand it!
Knowing what blogging platform is best for you is f'ing hard.
Rip tissue paper into small pieces.
We celebrated at dinner with one of Cecilia’s favorites, steamed mussels, and glasses of wine. I prepared the mussels with an Italian sauce and served over bowls of linguine. The meal was completed with chopped green salad with balsamic vinaigrette and hot French rolls. For dessert, we had Key Lime Pie from Publix’s. A nice ending to a special day. We were so happy to have Cecilia for a visit.
Still cool and a bit damp, but I know it will heat up again soon.
Tactics as auxiliary gunner: The firing range of the weapon is a little better than the opposing number on the Scorpion, but the bolts are quite weak and inaccurate at long range. Due to their obvious colours, useful to indicate to the main gunner where bad guys are at.
J M Coetzee is in line to win a remarkable third award should he prove successful when the winner is announced on Tuesday 6th, October at London’s Guildhall. The winning author will receive £50,000 and can look forward to greatly increased sales and worldwide recognition. Each of the six shortlisted authors, including the winner, receives £2,500 and a designer bound edition of their own book.
03. Moby Dick
So as you can see, I came up with some cute non 4 legged animals but if you really think about it, it's not easy to come up with many. We did discussed dolphins, but I don't know if I really consider them to be cute. The pink Amazon River dolphins are just plain scary, and I suppose the typical bottle nose dolphin can be kind of be cute, but I usually have to want to snuggle something before I'll consider it truly cute. I don't want to snuggle a dolphin and I actually would be terrified to swim with one because I couldn't even snorkel in a goldfish bowl without freaking out over the fish being near me in the water. I've been to Hawaii twice and panicked at the sight of even the smallest fish both times when I attempted snorkeling along the shore...I'm quite a pansy. I prefer "urban snorkeling", aka. going to an aquarium.
or designers, or just they are dickheads that just want to make some noise in Second Life society.
Eldest daughter : “I missed his smile …”
My absence even caused me to miss my one year blogiversary last week. This is where I was supposed to make something special to share with you and thank you all for following, reading and commenting on the blog. All these sentiments stand true, albeit a week late, I really have enjoyed sharing recipes and stories with you. So to start making up for lost time, I am giving away a copy of this new cookbook, the Southern Farmer's Market Cookbook, that I just purchased for myself and am anxious to use. I am eager to see how it combines two great loves of mine, southern cuisine and farmer's markets. Just leave a comment on this post by 11:59 p.m Friday evening, telling me your favorite Southern dish. I will pick a winner using a random number generator and send you your very own copy.
Last spring we went out "junktiquing" together, and lo and behold,
If you live in or around Artesia you might farm. Or raise cattle. Or work the land bringing up that crude and gas we Americans so love.
The World must help and force the USA people and government to stop their dangerous and wicked Federal Reserve System and Banks
I think I’d like to be a secret shopper.
It’s as simple as that. No need for roses, candies, serenades, poems, etc. Just creative flirty banter that costs nothing and helps you to gain a woman’s interest
-1 tsp agave nectar
1. Explaining the ‘Tough Mudder’ concept to outsiders with an internal perspective. This could eventually lead to increasing interest and participation conversion.
2010.09.12 Dagestan Makhachkala 1 0 Muslim extremists shoot a man to death in his car.
Momma and I went down to visit my niece (her granddaughter) B last week. It was a nice drive with great company, something we normally don’t get to do together. B was unhinged from a recent breakup and stress from upcoming finals. It was a crazy, wild visit! It was absolutely exhausting, but so good to see everyone. It had been many months since my last visit.
I watched Billy the Exterminator yesterday through the blur of nausea. Have you seen him? He's pretty cartoonish but entertaining if your deathly ill and have no strength to think. I turned off the one where he exterminated bed bugs. That was way too gross for me. Mostly he rounds up gators and snakes. I'm sure you'll be turning over to A&E to watch him immediately. wink!
So my first item sold for about 70% of what I retail it for. Not great but not bad. I had to wait til that one sold til I could schedule another one. When you are new and until you build your reputation, you can only list one lot at a time. Seems fair, as they don't want scam sellers there but believe me, it is an eternity waiting for your item to come up and to be able to get a slot for the next one! LOL!
Peace is within you right now
*Basic cheap cafe
In a related story, I had an exterminator come to my house Tuesday after members of my family saw several large roaches on our deck. It was feared by some that the two-inch-long palmetto bugs could make their way inside our home, but I’m from Miami and am not afraid of creepy intruders. We used to have Giant Poison African Toads in our backyard. We killed ’em by pounding ’em with the back sides of shovels. Didn’t need no stinkin’ permit.
How are you affected by holding in your desires?
My friend advertised that she'd found a cat but after receiving no queries she finally allowed herself to believe that this, Chaka, was to be her baby.
It can be argued that we are seeing a similar moral inexactitude in relation to the Iraq War where senior government ministers, including the prime minister, will happily ignore the advice of experienced international lawyers at the Foreign Office in favour of the shifting sands views of the Attorney-General. Lord Bingham, a former Lord Chief Justice, stated the other day that in his view (a view shared by many lawyers) the Iraq War was illegal. Never was it more clear the distinction between Doves and Hawks – but in this case, the Hawks appear to be prepared to ignore the existence of international law because the law is ‘finely balanced’ and, more important, there is no Court to determine the issue. It seems that we are also prepared to compromise our ethico-moral and legal position in relation to torture by being ‘complicit’ in the activities of American military torturers.
Not too shabby a mantra.
“Thankfulness CREATES that which brings you whatever you seek. Thankfulness is the CAUSE and not the result of a pleasant experience. Thankfulness is one of the two most powerful feelings that a human heart can tolerate. They are each, the two sides of the same “coin”: Panic is the belief that I have nothing. Thankfulness is the knowledge that I have everything.”
Both bags have a LOTV Topper and Sentiment, and leftover papers from my stash.
NISA makes preference for participants who have already obtained their MA degrees or are in the process of MA or PhD researches.
1. The Gong (0:13)
Grabbed a photo in the library for a different background.
Flapping up there in the wind.
Over the Holy Week, my family set aside a day to celebrate Passover. We didn’t go through the entire Haggadah and have all the elements that are usually involved. That would be fantastic, but the encouragement is to use what you have and keep things simple for you and your children, especially if this is a new experience. We got special bread (Challah), grape juice, brisket, matzo ball soup, matzos, roasted potatoes, asparagus and more (hungry yet?). We reviewed the Exodus account and focused on the matzo (unleavened bread). We talked about how the stripes and piercings remind us of what Jesus did for us. We also talked about the grape juice as a reminder of the blood Jesus shed. In essence, we led our family through a “Lord’s Table” experience at our “Family Table.” We also had Mimi (my mom) join us for the festivities which made it a multi-generational experience. It was a great time of showing Christ as the center of our family life. My brother even sent me a text after hearing about it and asked about he and his wife joining us for next year!
Remember to follow up. At the end of every conversation, make sure you get a business card from those who you talked to and even those who you weren’t able to. This will be a good way to follow-up with them if you wanted to have a conversation but there wasn’t enough time. Ask them what the best way to contact them would be. Some people like phone, email or even social media, such as LinkedIn. Get in touch within 48 hours to ensure they remember who you were and remind them of the conversation you had.
The enormity and sickness of this abuse is shown by the example of a street in a Yorkshire town in which all the residents are exclusively Pakistani women with children living on social security. This is nothing new. Way back, in Bradford, Muslim landlords and other Muslim ‘businessmen’ were renowned for abusing and using a system to which they had no loyalty or respect.
and then he asked me why the sky is blue.
The problems on each page are mixed so the children do not assume that the solution process is the same each time, but have to understand the problem. They are varied in their complexity and are presented in a meaningful, age-appropriate manner with topics the children will find relevant. Each chapter contains six lessons, one for each half term. There are three differentiated worksheets in each chapter, making it easy to use the book in a mixed-ability classroom.
no wars
On Monday I will be returning to work, but hopefully this time it won't be so hellish. I'll be working in the high-powered, glamorous world of medical billing and insurance. I suspect it's going to be so boring I will find myself fantasizing about algorithms most afternoons, but it's a good company to work for and Mon through Fri hours sure beats 60 plus hours in restaurant management.
Everything is just so darn pretty! Take a closer look.
Additionally (& apparently no longer online) is Radio New Zealand's http://www.mediafire.com/?gdf82hgns21aod6 28 May 2006 Murray Khouri programme - with Joyce Hatto speaking by telephone on 7 April 2006.
“I am also a human being.” he smiled. “You made me suffer a lot last night sweet fairy.”
So the lyrics below are still true. I still don’t have air, and I am left out in the deep.
¾ tsp. vanilla extract
We will going to our lash lines with this. Just go on the corner and then drag the purple on the lash line and go the same to the other eye. Then we will take virgin which is the new lip gel from still Glamorous Cosmetics.
Here is the outside of my box....
Incarnations of Lakshmi are worshipped for prosperity. In all likelihood, as it might well be in many other cases, the farmer would be happy to merely cover his expenses if not a modest profit to pull him and his family through the year.
** Hierarchy of Priorities that lead to Weight Loss and a fabulous life:
The FAS-FAX report details several of these circulation categories, and each should be compared with its like category. For example, it would be incorrect to compare core newspaper and its branded editions to the circulation of just a core newspaper. More detail will become available as individual Publisher’s Statements are released.
The film is mostly situated in Auma’s home village Kogelo, near Lake Victoria in Kenya during the days before and during the election ceremony in the US.
very hip!
After winning first place at Spelling Bee when younger, I am sometimes drawn to unusual words and like to know what they mean. The word “Evanescence” in the first paragraph of the review happened to be one word I became curious about and Michael Hutchence asked someone to look up it’s meaning.
Managed care imposes health oriented requirements, which do not emphasize person centered or person directed supports.
3. The world feels a lot smaller. I can talk to anyone I want to, anywhere in the world. Need some Italian help in that book I’m working on? All I have to do is find someone online from Italy and see if they are willing to help me. If there’s a particular book I need that’s only available in another country, international ebay becomes my best friend. In a way, it brings us all closer together, because on the internet, we’re all just little pieces of data we choose to share with each other.
Rdio comes in second for playlist creation ease of use. You can create a playlist right on the playlist page with a search box that allows you to click on the return list to add a song to the list, but the MOG way of creating playlists is just better. You can even play a song from the search results to verify you’ve got the right version.
And finally here is my little deck. It has seating for two.
Big sister Macie is so far adjusting well. Penny seems to have her days and nights mixed up, so of course we're sleep deprived, but she's well worth it. Breast Feeding feels much more successful this time. Tomorrow afternoon we have a well baby/mother exam with the hospital so we'll be able to weigh her and see how she's eating. She's been nursing quite a bit, and my breasts feel engorged so I'm thinking my milk is coming in this time.
On the dresser, in her bedroom, sat a black light, a lava lamp, and a slow light. Casey loved to sing, dance and fantasize. She studied the Solid Gold Dancers. Her imagination kept her company most of the time. She thought of herself as quite the little dancing queen, seeking no one‘s approval, but her own. Although Casey was always busy doing homework, she was having a difficult time keeping the hormones out of her thought process. She struggled in school due to her mind drifted constantly. It seemed like she spent more time waiting for her parents to come home from work, then anything else. She was a lonely girl and felt every bit an only child.
Prepare video clips to illustrate intervention, developmental, and diagnostically relevant aspects of behavior.
Life rarely goes according to our plans, I know that most of all. But I wish, just once, that it would go according to my plan, that my life would turn out how I want it to be, that I would win, just this once. I feel like I don’t know anything anymore.
It was a bit of pain spraying this outside because it was pretty windy but I just couldn't waste a weekend day on the wind so I did it anyway. I ended up have to vacuum the pieces out a couple times and picking some grass out of wet paint but since it's the inside only it won't really matter.
Barbeques
All best wishes,
All image rights belong to Euroleague
I am back from traveling on the 4th of June and I will get fully High Carb Raw Vegan 100 % each day the week after : Monday 11th June.
Answer to Secret Question: I cut off her wings.
She spent a good part of an hour drizzling vinegar onto the baking soda, watching the bubbles and seeing what would happen when she mixed different colors. I purposely gave her primary colors to work with. When she declared she was done, I handed her a spoon, poured some of the remaining vinegar into the tub, and let her experiment with stirring and mushing the mixture.
4. What is your least favorite household cleaning chore? Cleaning the bathroom
11. No Air
“As to the presidency, I’m asked sometimes is Mitt Romney conservative enough? And my answer is simple – compared to Barack Obama? You know, this is not a choice between Mitt Romney and Ronald Reagan. This is a choice between Mitt Romney and the most radical leftist president in American history.”
We found in the Czech Republic and Denmark, fewer places that served fine cakes and pastries. Often dessert menu did not venture too far beyond strudel. No matter. By then, our stomachs needed to be tamed away from desserts for more goulash or alas, boiled over-salted spinach.
4. Why is that? Well, part of the reason might be that this is book four in the Bridgerton family series and there might be an assumption that the reader might already know the family and the basic romance constructs Ms. Quinn utilizes. I point this out so you can keep it in mind when writing romance copy for your first novel. You need to do more rather than less to make your romance pitch stand out.
King: Do not worry, fair Anwaar. Your sister will not die if she agrees to marry me. So will you marry me, Fareda?
Tanya’s secret garden,
I think she’s right. What’s unquestionably certain for me, however, is that when I began looking for the lesson in life’s experiences, my reactions toward life, particularly the tougher parts, took a dramatic turn for the better. I’m not suggesting you and I should lay down and just let life roll over us. And neither am I suggesting you gloss over evil and injustice as if it’s necessary for the service of some grander purpose. I’m only suggesting that you join me in the practice of acceptance. We are taught to resist what is. Discontent is the ego’s twin sister. Learning the art of acceptance, however, is a learned skill. And inner peace is its reward.
09 - Respect Me In The Morning 03:23
I guess there really aren't any Easter Carols. But, there are a few songs that go along with the Easter season.
TIME: Starts 12:00pm SHARP. Ends at 3pm. Please be on time.
What side are you on? That is the question Jesus is asking in Luke 13:1-8. Are you on the side of right or wrong? The right side leads to eternal life, while the wrong side leads to destruction. Jesus’ message is simple: all you have to do is repent of your sins in order to have new life. If you don’t repent, then you will perish. God does not desire to cut us down, but rather He loves us and desires us to bear fruit. What fruit are you bearing in your life currently? What sins do you need to repent of in order to start bearing the kind of fruit God desires?
Couple things real quick. Despite causing a holy war over football with Oregon yesterday, here’s a pic of some of my favorite Oregon readers who sent me this. Shout out, big love to the Nike State!
We left for St. George early Thursday morning. It was dark and rainy when we left Grand Terrace. I went with my parents, Sydney, Michael, Kaidee, Cole, and Paisley. Darian was coming up later with Chase, Garrett, and Chloe. Darian had to teach his class and the kids had their state testing.
What Skrebowski offers is a sound rejoinder to those economists who say that peak oil theorists don't take into account economic factors--factors which those economists say will solve the problem of peak oil whenever it arrives by destroying demand and making substitutes profitable. For now, however, we can see that the economic factors are not really solving the problem of peak oil, but possibly feeding it. That's not something most economists will be able to hear. And, it describes a pattern that will likely only confuse the public and policymakers even though Skrebowski has explained it in terms that any thoughtful person can understand--if only they want to.
What ever happened to the concept of doing a days (nights) work and then getting paid a days (nights) wage?
to be let into the car.
Eventually, we went to camp authorities and said we needed longer distances to run. We somehow got permission to run to town and back. Which we did, about three times a week. Though sometimes we hitched back instead, the six of us piled in the back of a compliant pickup truck.
Right after topping the CPA exams, Charles was taken in by Madison and Madison – they aren’t related, it just so happened they had the same last name. He started at the bottom of Madison and Madison, slowly working his way to the top. The air was always fresher at the top, he mused one day as he entered his office. There was no one there. Charles loved coming in before everyone else. Today was no different. Oddly enough, he could hear the ticking of a clock. It didn’t really bother him at first, but when everyone started coming in, the ticking wouldn’t stop. I must be going crazy, he thought just for a moment before the daily meeting started.
It didn't register. She likes Asahi Super Dry. That's beer. The local stuff, ji-beer, doesn't rate.
I am always grateful that anyone takes the time to read what I have written, and when they also take the time to comment, well, that's just an added bonus. Of course I would love it if everyone simply agreed with everything I say, but if everyone agreed with me the world would be a very weird place - and I would have nothing to write about. So as much as I love the feedback that supports my views, I also love the feedback that challenges me to think and write more clearly, or to reconsider the validity of thoughts.
Welcome to Author Courtney Vail
This is some delicious-ness we got.
Help spread the word!
What do you think? Do you like what you've seen so far? It's pretty cool, actually. And, as a previously reluctant eBook reader, I kinda dig the whole virtual shelving aspect, cause now I feel like I can actually show off the eBooks I've been reading...
sliding down to the point where the rough track
It is another wild and windy day. But, never daunted, the farmer set off round the fields with Tip and Tess at 8.15 this morning. No sooner had he got into the top pasture than he saw, across on the other side of the field, a fox slinking up the hedge. Neither of the dogs saw it, although their noses in the air suggested they might well have smelt it.
White embossing powder
Who really wants an iconoclastic, sharp-minded 16 year old laying out cherished believes over the coal rack?
As Sebastian and Collette get older and understand more, I try to be as honest with them as possible. It can be hard to talk about grown up things at a level they can understand but they often surprise by how much they understand.
Simply this: what we have is a marketing campaign with no provable significant benefit for public health. The campaign is based on neither medical evidence nor scientific fact.
Had to go shopping for my bird this morning and came home with things I DIDN'T need lol. Found some danish specialities at Lidl and couldn't just walk by - I mean, are you kidding me lol!!!
The trick was the delicate convergence of the frenetic
The point of this discussion is to emphasize the value of opposition as well as the discernment to distinguish between the good and the bad. Simply abstaining from all forms of aggression is not the answer and inevitably develops into a failure to relate to society. Life is challenging. Taking away that natural development is hazardous to early development and is not naturally remedied in the complexities of adulthood. If we as a society desire to cultivate mature and well rounded adults, we shouldn’t be so quick to shelter them from the value of opposition.
See you tomorrow for RTW!
Then came an important story in the Daily Telegraph which suggested that David Cameron's pasty story may in fact be untrue. What other secrets are we about to discover? Well the same article reveals: Nick Clegg has also eaten a pasty “in the last few months at Paddington station”, according to his spokesman. Sources close to Baroness Warsi said she “loves pasties” and often eats them when on trips round the country.This is enough to make me strike pasties from my shopping lists, although I do really like them and Other Half particularly enjoys the veggie ones we buy in Glastonbury. But as we are not politicians I don't suppose you want to know that.
With my place in the world, and my different shades of self.
3. Know How to Give Great Answers to Common Job Interview Questions
Bersih 3.0 will be held at the historic Dataran Merdeka and will go on from 2pm to 4pm.
Is there anyone that fails
Track Fire, NM
Musi said the department, the Seriti commission for the remuneration of public office-bearers, the SA Local Government Association (Salga) and the national treasury had taken a joint decision on this.
Prepare with KRAFT Light House Italian Dressing.
- The energy reminds me of “Orphans” from American Slang, something that has been rare since their first album Sink or Swim
Mr Valencia said the animal had been in an “extreme amount of pain” and he was “alarmed” by the sight and smell of the wound, adding the animal should have been brought to him far sooner.
Now if the US version starring Tobey Maguire had sequels, the Philippine version had more:
But let me tell you something else about sick babies.
109.
Sally Carroll (Barbara Stanwyck), having gushed into an upper-floor studio, freezes, instantly sick and horrified at the sight of Geoffrey, her artist spouse (Humphrey Bogart), assiduously and zealously going over a canvas with a turpentine-soaked rag.
these are simply my thoughts this morning, and i hope they help you in some way.
HALL GH. Influenza vaccination: policy versus evidence. Vested interests will always trump evidence. Br Med J 2006; 333: 1021.
"Yeah yeah, fine. No problem."
Classes will be held entirely in China and conducted in English. By visiting key institutions and facilities related to international trade, investment, and finance in and around Shanghai, students will gain a more detailed understanding of international economic issues as they connect with the most rapidly emerging economy in the world today. During the two weeks in Shanghai, students will meet with key policymakers in the government, specialists in international trade and finance issues and members of the Chinese business community.
There wasn't any thought to make these groups every other month? Or try to adjust it a bit to make it more cost effective? Nope, it is on the chopping block. Has management even thought about attending one of these groups to see what is going on in it? Or talk to parents about what they get out of 2 hours a month?
By six thirty we were both damp and freezing, so we headed back. Ari revealed she’d never seen the BBC show ”Sherlock” which is basically a crime if you’ve been living in London for the past three months. We talked happily of grabbing my blanket and cuddling while watching an episode or two.
Rotation: 2 months ON/OFF.
Even if you can't find these exact colors, the philosophy can still apply. For a restrained makeup look, I recommend putting the $$ into excellent powder (for sensitive skins, T. LeClerc cannot be beat), 1-2 your-blush-but-better blushes, 2 neutral eyeshadows, and 2 kickass lippies. Chanel might be expensive (although given how long they've been used with perfect results, it's one of my "cheaper" cosmetic purchases), but thankfully good brushes can be found even at Walmart these days with the Ecotools line. Between Ecotools and Bobbi Brown, I haven't bought brushes in years.
After all, when in Rome, do as the Romans do (ride around on scooters all day, shouting obcenities and gesticulating widly with your arms, then drinking your sorrows away with some buono vino rosso - still on the scooter).
His partnering with artists such as Merce Cunningham, Martha Graham, Peter Brook and Philip Glass made BAM a center of avant-garde work, with the Next Wave Festival, held at BAM every fall since 1983, as the linchpin of BAM’s late 20th century “renaissance.”
And, our new year feels more like mourning than morning. Over the holidays we were seeped in death, dipped again and again and again. It did not diminish the joy of the carols, but often made them seem a little too loud.
This park has many different kinds of animals that the children can interact with. It states in the brochure that you can “Visit our barn filled with friendly domestic animals such as llamas, pigs and donkeys. You can even feed the goats.”
I squinted up into that very bright light that halo'd his face and was told that he would have to
1. take a baggie, cut it along the side and along the bottom. I feel ziplocks work best.
Three little birds
KC That nothing is impossible to accomplish. Set goals for yourself and stay on a positive note.
Publisher: HarlequinTeen
Your walk is as graceful as a swan gliding across a tranquil pond.
It's not simple. My friends who grew up here handle it better. But we were at a dinner party recently, and I was chatting to an Ethiopian woman in her late twenties.
Now, why would I have the need to state the obvious you ask? Because those are easy words to mouth, but much harder to get those things into my heart. I’M NOT HIM!!! AAAAaaarrrrggghhh! I’M NOT HIM!!! And the worst part is, I know that I’ll probably continue to struggle with his simple truth! Why? Because I’m totally guilty of being proud. Proud in the ugliest ways. Lucifer was proud, and we all know how that turned out. Not a good scene. Not a good outcome.
C. Ernst Harth ... Walter Duncan
*OK, so I know that other parents have this same issue, and it’s to be expected when you work from home with small kids at home. There’s just something about that phone that makes the world turn upside down. Am I right?
2010.08.07 Iraq Garma 3 15 al-Qaeda militants detonate a bomb outside a home, killing three residents.
09690635353-Ms. Ruhi Saxena
Finally I went to the market and bought the red cabbage. I took some leaves and cooked them for a while, until a lot of the colour had mixed with the water. My granddad had (amongst others) suggested to add some lemon juice to make the colour more red and some baking soda to make it more blue (thanks). The blue cabbage ink turned green when it dried, the plain cabbage ink purple and the one with the lemon juice violet/pink. I found this ink very light (used several layers to colour the paper dolls outfit), but nice to work with. The rest is done with watercolor, ink and my previous teamix.
We ended the trip with a great family style meal at Cracker Barrel. And that's how it should have ended a family style meal. Because we are family. I am so glad that I had the opportunity to get to know the people that I went on this trip with more than I already did. I hope to get to hang out with them more than I did before we went. They are some great people after God's heart.
‘What exactly does a library grandparent do?’ I asked, bewildered.
They wrote this paean to male adolescent fantasies.
But beggars can’t be choosy. At least they pay on time. If you don’t like the price you’re gonna get then you have the option to decline the project. And I have been doing that for months now. Funny because they would even call me using agents who first tried to talk to me with American slang. As if I don’t know that they’re Filipinos like me. So I talk to them in my native tongue and has been consistently telling them I’m busy right now. Send me projects next week.
What is your most amusing or interesting live gig / backstage / tour experience?
Before I toss those old mss. into the flames, there is one other consideration: Some of this earlier work is pretty good, and I would like to see it out there again.
the first challenge of each month will be a Guest Designer search!
Honour and truth - old fashioned words -
I picture something, it’s
2) There was really no where good for the spectators to be…we ended up standing on these steps right on the beach and right where all the teams were loading and generally milling about with no idea what was going on.
I’m not advising anyone to dress like a stripper or in anything they aren't comfortable with. Everyone has to know themselves and what their best features are, but that applies at any age. I do think the whole mutton dressed as lamb thing gets taken to a demeaning, intimidating and catty extreme. It pits women against each other and doesn’t contribute to a healthy body image for women as they get older.
It took mere seconds for me to realize that my relief was only partially warranted. Mike Daisey exaggerated many of the details in his story, and This American Life should not have run it without thorough fact checking. But the inhumane working conditions that Daisey described have been verified by the New York Times, the BBC, CNN, and the Guardian. I’ve seen the photos of the employee dorms and the suicide nets. It’s real, and I’m still a part of it.
Tami
Wasn't a great chance, but if I can't make the first action with an 8/9 chance of success the rest wouldn't have worked either ;) Mr.Cornelius II stunned himself, and I had no further chance to get the ball.
Fleur de sel or Kosher salt, for sprinkling
1 barrows
Pictures speak a thousand words so just have a look....Happy Monday Bloggie Friends!!!...
our dads could build a house together (lol)
Anything you want in the world
“The Jimmy” as James sometimes likes to refer to himself, decided to go on a bike ride to the lake the other night. He hasn’t ridden much this year. He felt glorious pumping his legs as the bike cruised to full speed. He had the wind at his back and nothing could stop him. He felt like he could ride on forever. He hit the lake and slowed into a U--turn to go back toward home. He immediately felt the strain on his legs as a stiff wind hit him in the face and made his hair lay flat back. He hadn’t realized how hard the wind was blowing as he was riding along with it. Now, as he faced the wind, his face turned red and the ride was becoming a great effort. He down shifted to the lowest gear and pushed ahead. He did not let the wind stop him, but it did whip him. He was beat when he got home. He walked in the door panting and red faced, beads of sweat trickling down his face. I was a little worried about the toll he had just taken on his out-of-shape body, but he recovered nicely and wasn’t even sore the next day.
I have a few amused quibbles with what we heard of the new book, and from what Winterson read, I think I prefer the fiction version ('Oranges'). She read a passage in which her adoptive mother accuses her of coming from 'the wrong crib', a crib guarded the Devil, and makes fun of the literalness of such a notion. Yet Winterson's depiction of 'Mrs Winterson', which strains for comedy that lots of the audience appreciated but I couldn't, in fact presents her as some kind of devil, which here seems like a mistake but is richly ambiguous in the fiction version.
And while we're on the subject of Blogs, I've started a new joint one, with 25 other writers over at The History Girls: http://the-history-girls.blogspot.com If you like historical fiction, do drop by and take a look.
Make the second layer slighter smaller...lift without detaching and repeat with a smaller circle of frosting to complete the third tier.
Code for Sub family
In fact, I wonder if I might be able to find somewhere in Enchilada where we see Stevens in close, incestuous contact with someone who might render judgment, but also someone who praised the Paul Ryan austerity budget, an intertwining of the politico-media class that Stevens will describe as incestuous. Why, yes, I believe, my humble brain can find such a thing.
“Do you like pink fish, by any chance?”
4 children-in law
I can't sleep. Well that's not true, I'm simply unable to fall asleep. So I decided to read some forum entries on Dunkelsüß. One discussion was especially interesting to me: "Animal ears with Lolita?".
Split seconds before release .... only a Now
1. The Vagina Monologues - If you've never heard of it, The Vagina Monologues is a powerful play written by Even Ensler that is performed across college and university campuses across the world in support of V-Day, a global movement to end violence against women and girls. The Vagina Monologues is an incredible production that will leave you with tears of laughter, joy and sadness all in the scope of 2 hours. It's unbelievably powerful and I can honestly say that this production has completely shaped who I am. Growing up, I was actively involved in theater and when I started college, I started as a theater major, but after being cast in The Vagina Monologues my freshman year and subsequently producing/directing it my sophomore year, I took the jump and changed my major to Political Science, with a minor in International Affairs, so that I could devote my career to women's rights issues. It has been 7 years since that first production and now, at the same time that I'm writing a Master's thesis on women's participation in peacebuilding processes in societies transitioning from conflict, I have also been cast in NYU's graduate production of The Vagina Monologues. I'm unbelievably excited to be ending my academic career in the same way I started on this path...with this unbelievable production. If you live in the New York City area and are interested in coming to the show, please let me know. All proceeds benefit the V-Day Campaign, this year's Spotlight Campaign which focuses on women and girls in Haiti, and a local NYC organization that assists victims of domestic violence and sex trafficking. If you're interested in learning more about V-Day, or The Vagina Monologues, check out the website here: http://www.vday.org/home.
Red team: BOOOOOOOOOOOFUCKYOUGREENBOOOOOOO
On the other hand, Cisarik did not start out with University Ministry right away. It was not until she attended the second annual Kairos retreat her sophomore year until she felt her “calling” to become involved. Because she had never been involved much with religion, she did not think she would be good at it and fit in. “I thought, how could I be involved in something I don’t know anything about?”
Native American: 16 (1.6%)
Do you have sales people who can clearly communicate with your customers and potential customers? Do they have market knowledge and data that is valuable? Are they highly trained professionals?
The Soprano, Alto, Tenor and Bass (SATB) were dressed in dapper outfits, which along with their positioning reflected an air of superiority compared to their team. The Hackney Singers, Lewisham Choral Society and Forest Philharmonic came together yet religion is patriarchal and the SATB replicated the power that religion demands. Although many would disagree, the soprano’s red shoes among a stage in black and white gave a sinister feel to the godly image, furthermore when the all-in-black choir rose to sing, it depicted rows of dark angels.
Wow... How do I even being this post?! Okay starting out, a little warning... this is my blog and I have a right to share personal information on here... This is my blog and I am choosing to write something very personal, an account of probably one of the worst days of my entire life. I am not doing this for pity, or out of anger with the Lord; I am doing this so I can personally keep an account of a major struggle we went through and hopefully encourage others if they have been through (or will go through) something similar. I pray this on NO ONE... Let me tell you this in advance, this is terrible, and terrible things happen to all of us, through these trials we are strengthened. Eventhough it has only been about 24 hours, I am releasing the outcomes to God and I have full faith he will restore me and my husband and will allow us to be ever so blessed in the future. All that aside ... let me begin.
Masculinity Versus Femininity
I'm subbing one right now, but with little success. It's a story I wrote a few years ago and have edited fiercely because over the years I've learned a lot about how to write. The early versions were pretty terrible--so much so that blush to think I actually sent it out. No wonder it came back like a rocket. Agents and editors should have flamed it. I like to have things wrapped up and having that MG novel out there would make me feel I'd accomplished what I set out to do.
Musically it sounds like a mix of Uriah heep '72 and early Beggars Opera.
This morning was much better than yesterday’s class. My body was far more cooperative and it felt so so good to stretch this morning. The class was with a teacher I’ve never had before. It is great to have the opportunity to take class with various teachers at Yoga Vida, experiencing their different styles of teaching and what their trade marks are. Todays class had a whole lotta chatarungas. I might be a freak because I love me some chaturanga, but wow doing a lot of them at the beginning of class is tough!
The security forces checked the CNICs, and other documents of the dwellers during the search operations.
A sweep of the apartment where Weston was staying turned up identification records for as many as 50 people, including power-of-attorney paperwork, forms of identification, and Social Security numbers. Police said it suggested a vast fraud operation.
Guitar – Danny Kalb, Steve Katz
With either pessimism or with a clear view of reality, he told the other disciples, “Let’s also go with Him, that we may die with Him.” Thomas looked at all the options and expected the worst, he could die along with Jesus. But he was still willing to go with Jesus. He may have been a pessimist, but a courageous one.
CONFERENCE COSTS
They walked down to the water's edge and began to make their way along the stone bank.
Kenneth W: What would you personally like to change about nerd culture?
Firstly, I want to thank everyone who contributed SO MUCH!! You guys made this project a success.
- Pamela G.
So imagine my delight, this evening, when my wife presented me with a surprise gift - a waterproof notebook. It can be written in using pen or pencil and it will survive any soaking. Brilliant!
Someone Else’s Language
But the words they say rankle and rankle knocking about in my head, with a knife to my throat. I never forget what they said or how those words make me feel..
Mugabe's and Mswati's authoritarian actions bear striking similarities, both:-
He finds an address for the evergreen email account, and rushes there, finding his captor Woo jin (Ji-tae Yu) there with bodyguards. Woo jin tells him "You want to know what's going on. You want to know who I am. Come on, it's a game! First the who, and then I'll tell you why. If you figure it out, come see me anytime, I'll raise your score. You have until July 5th. Oh no, only 5 days left! Too short? Hang in there, if you succeed, I'll kill myself and not Mi-do." He adds "I will kill every girl that you love until the day that you die." Enraged by the taunting, Dae Su chokes Woo Jin, who tells his bodyguard not to intervene. Dae Su prepares to torture Woo Jin, but he reveals that he has a pacemaker in his chest with an off switch enabling him to kill himself at any time, which would prevent torture and Dae Su from getting any answers. Woo Jin and his bodyguard leave reminding him that he left Mi-do tied up and the door is unlocked. He rushes back to her place and finds the building manager there with some thugs. Mr. Park shows off some new teeth and he has Dae Su held down making preparations to extract his teeth. Park is surprised that rather than cower, Dae Su laughs. Before he's able to do anything, he gets a call telling him to leave. Dae Su tells Mr. park that he's going to chop off his hand for touching Mi Do's breast, but he is not able to follow them. Dae Su tells Mi Do some of the details of what happened.
Spring is here in the Midwest and this Baroque aria could not resonate more with me. Prior to moving here, I used to read the text for this beautiful aria by Giovanni Battista Bononcini and laugh. To me, it seemed overly romantic and even peculiar sine it is in essence a “love song to a tree.” Bonocinni used in his 1694 opera, Serse, and unfortunately does not serve a particularly meaningful purpose to enhance the drama of the plotline. It does however, give the audience a pretty tune to listen to at the beginning of the opera, but that for the time being, is beside the point. Apparently the piece was quite popular thereafter. In fact, I once heard a story that Georg Fredrich Haendel, was so taken with this particular melody and text that he rearranged the piece for in his own version of the same opera in 1738! When one compares the two pieces, it is quite easy to hear the similarities.
FRUITS OF FALSE EXPERIENCES
Another devilish trick humans employ is to tell you something that sounds like a tall story which turns out to be true. A few days ago, the manager of the safari camp asked me if I’d been invited to the “monkey wedding” in India.
With most of Hollywood being hardcore liberals, conservative actor/comedian Jim Labriola is a breath of fresh air.
Just let me know in the “comments” section, thanks!
So today, the Slog asks a simple question: if Channel Four was forced to hive off Jon Snow and his 4News co-conspirators, does Jeremy ‘Basil Brush’ Hunt think that anyone would have difficulty discerning Four’s socio-political bias?
Next year I'll be going straight;
So I'll tell you all in good time.
How did you spend the holiday?
on a more positive note, all of the downstairs electronics/entertainment center will be unplugged, coded and wrapped today. so maybe, just maybe downstairs really will be done by tonight.
This was the core to Maverick House developing as a publisher. Irish publishing as a whole is terrified of the word ‘international’ and the furthest their heady highs will take them is far flung places like Belfast, Manchester, Sheffield, Liverpool, and yes, the far and distant London. I know of no Irish publisher, outside of Maverick, who have a working office in another publishing territory (outside of course of London), and no, some bloke with a mobile phone living in a wooden shack in Calcutta does not equate to an ‘Eastern Office’. And please exclude the endeavours of publishers like Hachette, Penguin and Transworld (Random House) who have entered the Irish landscape to inject some form of international presence in the Irish publishing industry, but those authors almost inevitably switch to the UK imprints.
Even now, more than forty years later, I feel a little bit nostalgic about Joel’s one and only Christmas, a Christmas I can never return to. I enjoyed that Christmas, but I realize now that I didn’t enjoy it enough. One of the things I learned from Joel’s death is that life is so fragile that we ought to approach every day with the knowledge that its blessings may only be temporary, and they must be enjoyed as fully as possible.
The wind didn’t get any better neither, by lunch time the felt from the shed room at the house on the back was near on vacated that particular shed, surprised ours didn’t come off, however it did stay put. The fences were shaking, little trees were bending and the rain was pelting down. To be honest I think that hail last week was a bit easier to bear than if we had been out in that weather of today.
Perseus’ whole deal is that his Zeus’ half-human kid-
Brooks: some of his beach houses
BREWTON, ALABAMA – A grand jury indictment on charges of misuse of a public position has led to the arrest of a former Brewton police officer, according to a story in the Brewton Standard.
Like this one.
"Don't make this any harder for me. I promise you, you'll be much better off with someone else."
Line 161 ALRIGHT. This spelling occurs also in the Hogarth Press edition
As I stopped and collected myself, I felt close to tears. This was my idea. The Mountain climb, the practice walk, the whole shooting match. And here I am, puffed out and wanting to turn back. I really felt as If I couldn’t do it and maybe I should turn back. Instead of re-setting the pace, taking my time, I just felt like I’d let down the group and I wasn’t living up to expectation.
No offense, old pal. I still like you, but you really haven't proven yourself to be worth the money I paid for you. I still remember the joy I felt when I first saw you in Italy. I had gone on vacation to the boot-shaped peninsula with a friend and had made it a personal goal to buy an authentic Italian espresso maker during my once-in-a-lifetime stay. This goal was inspired by my memories of my family once owning an Italian espresso maker that lasted for nearly 10 years. I was fed up with using the low-quality "Made in China" varieties and just wanted something that would last a little longer. I figured that because I was in Italy, I would be provided with an endless stream of espresso makers.
I'm not as familiar with Gottfried, but I know Auster follows European politics almost as closely as he follows domestic American politics. His main concern isn't religion. It's "anti-semitism". If he gets the slightest whiff that a person or organization opposes jewish interests, explicitly or not, it doesn't matter whether they are good Christians, dislike muslims, or agree with him on every other point of his pro-jewish worldview.There might well be problems with the liberal ideas that Jews have supported until now, but it is simply wrong to pretend that Jewish liberals act from liberal motives that have nothing to do with their Jewish fears and hostilities. I've never met a Jewish liberal whose leftist politics was not in some way connected to his self-identity as a Jew.Auster only poses as an anti-"liberal" "conservative". His preoccupation is with defending jewish interests. His opposition to immigration into the West is based primarily on it being bad for jews. His dissembling about "liberalism" and "judeo-Christian" heritage is only part of his deliberate and more general conflation of White and jewish interests. Gottfried likewise but less blatantly poses as a "conservative" against "liberalism". Together he and his friend Auster demonstrate that self-identity as a jew is not only connected to "liberals" and leftist politics.
You can’t talk yourself out of being cramped and seasick. Or homesick or headachy or out of clean clothes or cash. You can’t power through it. You can’t elbow your way around it or beg it to go away. You can admit it, embrace it, and settle in. This too shall pass, and maybe there will be a funky, happy, horsey byproduct when it does. Or at least you’ll be more comfortable in your seven by two when it’s all said and done.
Dictator: Dictator has seen a purple dog.
First, it is worth noting that a product development project has been announced which could change the game with regard to touchscreen training for blind users. The National Braille Press (NBP) Center for Braille Innovation and the National Federation of the Blind (NFB) are cooperating in the development of a notetaker or personal data assistant with a braille display which will run on the Android operating system. The new product was initially called the “The Braille Wizard.” Unhappily, “Wizard” as a name was already copyrighted, so NBP is conducting a contest in search of a new name. Although the device isn’t likely to be ready for delivery before 2012, the new Android-based product may very well be the next new notetaker in our field, as other developers look to see what its affects will be on the market and how close it will come to its unofficial price estimate of $2,000. If this new product becomes the next big thing whenever it might be released, touchscreen training for blind users will quickly become as common as books on Windows and Microsoft Word are today. For now, however, early adopters of Apple and Android products may be the best available source of information on those touchscreens which have begun to learn to talk.
What!? Is this not somewhat disturbing? To the best of my knowledge (and I am not going to perform a Google Search on this), nipples should not be square in shape, nor have lines in order for them to be easily snapped off at regular intervals. Odd. Sadly, this is not the most disturbing food-breast reference in the book. On page 29, Dolores' father sees fit to call her budding breasts "walnuts" and tweak them whilst swimming. Disgusting. And, as with any "coming of age" type book, we are presented with numerous descriptions of masturbation and romance novels.
30th June 2011
39. Favourite fictional villain?
127) thankful that He knows when we don't...thankful I did not know what the future held 14 months back,
There is no further information known or that can be divulged about the soundboard source for the Lyceum track.
Work Schedule: 20 hours a week
Written: Thursday, May 3, 2012
With that Iris was off slurping and sucking that cock, gently massaging and pulling on the balls through the hole. She started to shake again and I knew she was cumming on my cock again, I grabbed her by the hair and pulled her back up to my mouth. As I began to kiss her I pushed her ass against the wall, I felt behind her and grabbed his cock and guided it into her well used pussy. She began to moan deeply now; started kissing me tight I knew he was all the way into her and began to pound her nicely. Once again I guided her mouth back onto my hard cock; it didn’t take our “friend” long before he grunted deeply and blew his load. Certainly not done being pummeled I grabbed her and spun her around sliding into her freshly fucked pussy; I reached down and began to finger her ass – she moaned with delight. I bent her over and without hesitation slid my hard cock into that ass; she became more vocal the harder I fucked her and it was making me even more crazy. It didn’t take long for the booth next to us to become occupied again, this time the “friend” didn’t waste anytime just presenting his hard cock to Iris. As I fucked her ass she reached down and began to stroke the cock; he almost instantly began to shake and forced himself hard against the wall. With a muffled moan cum shot out all over Iris, with this she once again tensed up and began to cum, I could not hold out any longer myself and blew a hard load into her ass. We both quickly gathered ourselves together and made a quick get-away into the parking lot and the safety of the car, we giggled the whole way home….now that was an end to the year….
Unlike cleaning gutters, weeding, etc, hiking is a very enjoyable way to partake of this beautiful time of year. Back to nature where things are simpler, purer, cleaner, a chance to clear your head. A enjoyable safe environment, or is it?
For you.
have to admit they are so much more fun then model airplanes.
A Preparation for Death is a memoir of a few years in Greg Baxter’s life: let’s say the mid-2000s, though it’s hard to follow the chronology precisely, and anyway he swoops back into previous generations now and then. It’s an account of the years that led to and from the breakdown of his marriage and the breakdown of his ambition to be a novelist; when “no thought I had was quiet. Everything was a military march.”
Meaning a day off from work filled with beer. First hit O'brien's for a grilled cheese and garlic fries paired with a nice fresh Alpine O'Brien's IPA. Great IPA as always. The malt bill in that is fantastic! (I rarely will even want to say that about an IPA but the complexity WORKS here)
have made out a case
“If you’re an educator at a university, college, or K-12 school, now you have an easy way to design and distribute complete courses featuring audio, video, books, and other content,” Apple’s website said Thursday. “And students and lifelong learners can experience your courses for free through a powerful new app for iPad, iPhone, and iPod touch.”
“Yes, right away,” Hannah said. After making one last check for dirty clothes in the bedrooms, she made her way down to the basement. The sparse room seemed dingy and damp, in stark contrast to the fresh spring day she had seen from her upstairs window. She’d much rather be outside, but the laundry must be done.
Now you can decide where to go & when.
- Gnocchi in sundried tomato cream
The drive hunt season has now come to a formal close, but it will start up again in September.
These are valid questions, but they kind of make me smile because – the last time I checked - we do live in the real world. We do use media, read real books, and talk about actual news. We’re really careful about the images our kids see, knowing they can never “unsee” them. But, my husband and I don’t subscribe to the greenhouse style of parenting. We’re not attempting to hide our kids from the world, sheltering them from the reality of a fallen, sinful humanity. No, we’re working to prepare our children to enter that world fully outfitted in the armor of God, with a purpose and a goal. We want our kids to serve the Lord with all that they have. We want them to be aware of the results of the fall, and ready to offer the antidote – Christ crucified for our sins and risen again.
have a torn retina and have a lazer
fully in position.
It was never possible to completely prevent such knowledge from being discovered and disseminated. It was only a question of whether the knowledge would become public, or would instead be classified by government biowarfare divisions.
We left the party and went to a bowling alley/bar right by our house to have a few beers and to mingle with the locals. It was fun to talk to people from the neighborhood and they made us promise we would come back (I’m sure we will). They even said we could bring Jay and Elle and to stop by if we were out for a walk. It was a fun casual atmosphere with good people.
There are many directions in which I could take this concept, but the one in which I have the greatest interest is the slow erection of a habitat for socialist premises and Big Government in the United States.
How about you? Do you like one side more than the other? Do you wish one side would function in a different way for you? Why do you feel that way? Can you see how the left brain and the right brian work together to make your writing what it is? Can you see the contributions from both sides?
Aaron Bethune.
The more we can begin to appreciate and account for (a) the fact that a person’s bad (Top Real Estate in Rockford Illinois) behavior in one moment does not necessarily warrant writing them off as a numbskull, and (b) the actual situational factors at play that might be influencing decisions and behaviors, the more effective we can be at shaping those factors and, to be frank, getting what we want.
A point of criticism for the media in general: these articles rarely say what it would mean to "close" the parks. I have a lot of respect for journalists who knock on politicians' doors and ask hard questions, and even saying that they asked but didn't get an answer would be an improvement for most of these articles (there's no discussion of what "closed" means in this one either.)
I feel very lucky for having known such wonderful spiritual guides and for having met such great cultures; I will also be more than glad to introduce you all to their wise teachings.
W. C. Morrow – The Surgeon’s Experiment
The US Insurgent cover. Amazing isn't it? I love it. Yea, yea I know I just went on about how the UK cover of Divergent grew on me and I'm glad I have that cover and everyone knows cover have to match. BUT that does not in any way stop me loving the US cover just as much!
Tools: Spellbinders- Classic circle and scalloped
A lot of writers find themselves trying to decide between self-publishing and the traditional publishing route. Frankly, it’s a great time for writers because we do have options that weren’t available a few years ago. There is no right or wrong decision; it really is about what is right for that author and where they are in their career. The self-publishing route offers the benefit of making your book available to readers, without facing possible rejection and revisions. And that can be a wonderful thing, as long as your book is ready to be published. That said, most traditionally published authors will tell you that they are glad their first books didn’t get published because they learned so much during the journey — even though at the time, they were certain the books were fabulous. A lot of authors who have written a book that just didn’t fit into a genre niche are finding success in self-publishing because readers aren’t nearly as picky about genre specifics as publishers have to be. A writer serious about her career and considering self publishing should attempt to make sure the end product is as close to perfect as possible. This may or may not require the hiring of others to help you through the process. So the overhead of getting a book ready to self-publish — including editing, line editing, formatting, and cover design, may vary. many self-published authors are finding, having the book available doesn’t ensure readers will buy it. Self-publishing means self-marketing, and that can take a lot of writing time away from an author. That said, today even traditionally published authors have to spend a lot of time marketing themselves as well. Some authors simply are better at promoting their work than others. And while there have been numerous success stories of authors who have built themselves a very lucrative career through self-publishing, others who followed this path are not finding the financial gains as they had hoped. It bears mentioning, however, that many new authors who have gone the traditional path of publishing are equally unhappy about their financial gain. Also, many of the traditionally published authors may find their contracts dropped if sales are really down — something a self-published author doesn’t have to worry about. In most instances, writers who have already made a name for themselves, and have a fan base, are finding the self-publishing route an easier path than do new writers. However, the truth is that anything and everything is possible. If a friend came to me with a first book, and this friend simply wasn't a marketing whiz, I might suggest they attempt the traditional route first; but if that route didn't pan out and she felt her book was ready, then I would encourage them to take it the self-publishing route. That said, if this person has a viable marketing plan to ensure that her book goes out big, I’d say her chances of earning more financial gain might be with the self-publishing route than the traditional route because of the smaller royalty rate earned through traditional publishing. Having a publisher behind you does NOT mean your book will be any more successful, but a publisher’s name still carries some weight to some readers and traditional bookstores. Building a name with a publisher behind you is a little easier than building it on your own. Another thing to take into consideration is, unless you are one of the talented writers who have the ability to do everything from designing a cover to a final editing, there is overhead in self-publishing. So as you can see, both routes can bring success and both come with some positives and negatives to consider.
Joe: Yes, where did you get my name and number?
I, though I would oppose any attempt to have our church building used for such purposes, support the freedom for others on classically liberal grounds. More on that later. However, it raises an interesting question about the functioning of the Equalities Act, on which I was ruminating the other day. It has a partial reference, also, to the bed-and-breakfast question which was debated prior to the election last year, and explains something of how freedom of expression functions in a liberal society. It is the following.
Years ago this man married an Australian girl. They have come out here after years of not-quite-nagging, hints, not-so-gentle-suggestions, requests and almost-demands from her parents. Oh yes, they are happy enough - for the moment. What makes it bearable for him is the thought that they will go back.
I achieved the hot air balloon on the paper by reloading the patterned paper into the printer and then printing the digi on top, I really love this method because it means less colouring and it fits your project perfectly!
And I could've gone with piss... but I didn't, so there's that.
Having just finished one month as visiting faculty at the School of Management at the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay, I appreciate more than ever the elusiveness of talking about a setting as complex as India. With over a billion residents, various ethnic and religious groups, and over 20 distinct languages, there is seldom, if ever, such a thing as "India". When it comes to talking about India, context, nuance and focus are central; generalizations are often misguided at best, misleading at worst. I was reminded of this in reading an article in The Economist on brands and counterfeiting in China. Entitled "Pro Logo: Brands in China" (January 14, 2012), the focus of the article being the assertion that "Chinese consumers are falling out of love with fakes".
You see … Kelly wants to be a food writer. Professionally.
It is much like person to person communication. I can sit down and talk to you and may have something interesting and important to say but if you don't like my tone or my facial expressions or the way I constantly smack my lips while speaking or never make eye contact or talk with my mouth full then it's not likely you'll want to listen to me for very long.
Mark J. Ellis, 26, South Huntington, N.Y.
AEIFD Blog (aeifdblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
rest assured that the nation is safe in his hands.
Most of the reactions I heard were that Celine was what a woman wanted to be. Louis Vuitton was the woman a man wanted to be with.
Don't lie. You've felt the same way about poetry. Trying to be into it. Thinking that it's important to be well-read. Agonizing when you look over at Yeats but grab Danielle Steele. Don't worry. I've been there. It can be our little secret. You like how she writes the smutty parts. I get it. Been there.
Washing the days motions off,
David Cronenberg's absorbing tale of brotherly love and terrifying separation has long haunted me, and each viewing strengthens its spell. Jeremy Iron's has never been better, and it remains a disgrace he didn't get the Oscar he so richly deserved.
Not to mention it, but it's been warm around here. The daffodils are blooming, and New York was wandering around coatless yesterday. The wind was at proper strength, and the windows were open. It's Purim, the season of dressing as your opposite number, and getting so drunk that you can't tell the difference any which way between you and your worst enemy.
I realize that is quite a list, but everyone is in the Thanksgiving mood! Thanks from dropping by. I appreciate all the lovely comments. If you are not a follower...hey come follow my blog, I want to get to know each and everyone of you! HUGS
Please Please Me
It wasn’t even worth it to grab the watchbox. Part of me wants him to see it and think of me each and every time. I am going to be his “one that got away.” He’s already texting.
As we strive to be a better blog and a better blogger CHANGE is coming soon!
2) Secondary fermentation in glass at 72F for 10 days. Dry hop with 2 oz. Cascade pellets.
Which is more than I can say for L or me.
Many adverse conditions come to Christians because of the lack of physical strength. At Paul’s weakest point… Christ’s power covered him like a tent. He will cover you as well. Paul was not demon-possessed… but he was under continuous demonic attack. Paul was an anointed apostle, and the devil attacked that anointing in Paul. Those attacks produced the adverse conditions as seen in 2 Corinthians 11:26-27. When Jesus told Paul that His grace was sufficient… He was saying, “Paul, I am going to protect you and keep on protecting you. I will make the demonic messenger stand off from you. Paul, it will be a continuous action.” This is what Paul took pleasure in… Christ’s continuous covering that covered him like a tent.
Global Warming has given the Empire a global crisis and an unlimited mandate to resolve the crisis. What the threat of war was to a united Europe and the threat of poverty was to a federalized United States, the threat of a melting planet is to the Empire of Poverty. It is an open question whether the economic collapse of any of the smaller entities will inhibit the rise of the Empire or prevent it from coming to being. Every resource crisis gives the Empire another reason to consolidate control of resources in the name of the public good, and then eliminate access to those resources in the name of the planetary good.
4) The mullet I saw today. I never climbed on to the "Epic" bandwagon, but believe me when I say if ever there were a place and time to use the word epic, this woman's femullet would have been it. The party in the back continued all the way down to her waist in a lovely natural shade of brunette, yet the business in front was bleached and slicked back. If some dude from the cast of Baywatch had a baby with Michelle Duggar, you would have gotten this lady. It. Was. Awesome. I regret only that I did not have an inconspicuous view for which to take a cell phone picture.
5 Nyctalopia 5
Fast forward and Mia is three years old. Jenna gets devasting news. She is diagnosed with cancer. Its actually the same kind of cancer that her mother had and died from when Jenna was a young woman. She goes through the process and begins treatment and it goes on for four years. Sadly, Jenna gets news that its now progressed and she knows what the outcome is so she decides to stop treatment and to live what little life she has to the fullest with her Gabe and Mia.
With the growing interest in all matters food, numerous culinary tours and vacations have sprouted up all over the world. The publishing world has been a bit slower to catch up, and good culinary travel guides are not as common as they could be. Some food travel guides are merely a list of restaurants, but they lack explanatory information on cuisine, and also fail to provide the vocabulary that might be useful for a foreign traveler. If the Tokyo edition is indicative of the quality of the rest of their books, then The Terroir Guides might be a model for other culinary travel guides.
“The wash needs to be started right away,” her mom said as she busied herself with the dishes in the kitchen sink.
Article 132(1) of the Federal Constitution defines “public services” to include the armed forces, the judicial and legal service, the general public service of the Federation, the police force, the joint federal-state public service, the public service of each state and the education service.
Blueberry Pancakes
“Miss Dorothy L. Sayers: Christian Apologist and Novelist.” The Times. December 19, 1957.
The prize is a free voucher from Rudi's Bakery and a lunch box.
I had a job interview recently. It's been many years since I last interviewed, so it was strange for me. It was also on the National Tornado Alert Day, so in the middle of my interview, we walked down into the parking garage and stood there for a moment. Yep, now I know what to do if I worked there.
Dazzler visits the San Diego ComiCon!
It's all read and ready to pass on.
Helping couples to deepen conjugal love and achieve responsible parenthood is part of the Church’s total pastoral ministry to Catholic spouses. Fulfillment of this ministry includes both education and pastoral care.
I will post pictures of the finished articles.
Please update your feeds and please come visit.
More the chances of slipping,
Today's post is live and direct from the top of my head. Nothing like winging it to give a completely unstructured and somewhat disjointed blog post. Mind you, I'm assuming you don't come here for quality writing. :-)
The Dean
Level 20: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 15%.
'You have got to be kidding me.'
This muted blue and green one. The first grannie I made.
Hmm, who would I rather have search for a bloodied murder weapon in my backyard? My children or the K9 dog? Tough one...
BTW I found out that my friend needs to go to Tioman again next week with other of my colleagues. I’m safe because I have to attend a workshop in KL. I’m so relief but feeling pity to my friend. Good Luck!! The ferry journey from Mersing took almost time as from Tanjung Gemok but this time no dizziness.
Note: If you want to try this, please consider that it may not be safe to eat weeds from your lawn if it’s treated with fertilizers and chemicals ;p
Clayton says that even nine years after launching the business, he still revisits his original business plan every year to tweak his marketing budgets, analyze his goals and make sure he’s set to tackle the upcoming year.
No, no, no, we are NOT!!
What Should Talli Wear?
Despite the success of the Kindle Fire, Comscore said that tablets with larger screens appeared to lead to higher levels of content consumption. The research found that 10-inch tablets have a 39 per cent higher consumption rate than 7-inch tablets.
Anywhere. Anytime.
Me: An example of you “relative” treating of someone “nice?”
The meta-analysis part comes in the “TVI” column on the right, which summarizes the overall value placed on prospects across all of the expert lists. By looking at it, you can see that generally the scouts agree that Price is awesome, with Beckham and Davis right behind him, and Brignac, Hellickson, and Jennings after that. And that tells you something you didn’t know.
Gwisai and five others were brutally tortured during the next 72 hours, he testified Thursday at an initial hearing.
I would not swim against the stream.
BOTTLE TRAP
The next morning, the best-looking and more docile dolphins are selected and sold for use in circus acts, amusement parks, dolphinariums, and swim-with-dolphins programs. You can witness this frantic selection from a nearby road, but after the selection process is done, the remaining dolphins are tied up to the boats by their fins and dragged around a cliff, and into the secret cove where no one can look in. This cove is surrounded with steep cliffs on three sides and there are several tunnels you need to get through to get there. There are also a lot of high fences surrounded by barbed wire, keeping unwanted viewers away.
Back of the Book
well, i rolled my bad ankle quite badly thursday afternoon during a routine walk home from work. one of the drawbacks of having a permanent ligament injury is the extremely painful affect any time you sprain the ankle again. luckily, 48 hours later, it seems back to where it was.. although, i have not run on it since. it got swollen and i had to ice it that night, and it was very tough to walk friday morning.
We started out with a warmup with our strollers placed in a circle, and then sprinted onto the first stopping point along a trail through the woods. We did a series of resistance band exercises while singing children's songs for the kiddo's in the strollers, and then sprinted on to the next stopping point.
While Ms. Kuhn liked to hide her many idiosyncrasies, the, oh, let's call her the "toothy spider woman," was not-so subtle when it came time to exhibit the more demented side of her personality. Played by the awesomely named Margareta von Krauss (the second 's' in her last name rules so hard, that I can hardly contain myself), the agile, Bride with White Hair-esque assassin, who shoots sticky goo from her mouth, was the last thing I expected to see cavorting about in an Italian-made horror film. The way she flew through air emitting this terrifying shriek was off-putting, yet electrifying at the same time.
Wright Brothers' Memorial, Kitty Hawk, North Carolina.
chicken masala 1 tsp
A holistic business
As they watched the sun come up.
I saw plainly that God had delivered me from a prison I did not know I was in. I am completely sure given the amount of control she had over me that if I had stayed with her she would have eventually convinced me that I needed to kill myself. And I would have done it unless God intervened.
As if Grand Pa leaving this world wasn’t enough, a massive hurricane, the Category-5 titan Frances, is headed straight for Deep South State. As of this morning it was on a course for eastern Central City (in other words, exactly where we live and our entire lives are centered), much to my dismay and internal agony. I prayed intensely last night and the Lord may have answered me, as the system seems to have shifted just a little bit to the north. I will
“Me and the boy is just that. I am Tanya, and the boy is my son Val. I have been a stay at home mom since his birth, I had no choice as my son had many issues. He's almost 4 now. Having ADHD and him as well, life can be very interesting…like many high needs kids needs alot of 1 on 1.
While PAN is a 10-digit alphanumeric number allotted by the I-T Department to taxpayers, biometrics is a biological method to identify physical features of an individual.
He blushed. “Ummm... no, I don’t wear skirts.”
Remove chicken, set aside. Chop when cool enough to handle.
I really hit a low.
Paceband: Sometimes I use one, sometimes I don't. I'm not going to cling to it, but I'll pin it inside the hem of my shirt so I can check and see where I'm at. A brand new box of Glad Press n' Seal will make sure it stays nice and waterproof, the weather is supposed to be rainy. Boo.
Bjorn Copeland of Black Dice designed the cover and Rob Carmichael at SEEN is responsible for the art direction and layout.
So, what is all this about?
Typical garb for males is a tunic or large shirt that hangs to the knees, belted at the waist, with a pair of wool trousers below. Footwear consist of moccasins or "socks" of fabric wound around the feet. Women wear dresses, falling to the ankles, instead of a tunic and do not wear trousers, though adventuring females are likely to opt for male clothing as a matter of practicality. Women have significantly fewer rights than men do in Teutonic society.
How's that for inspiration?
Slogans appeared on lecture-room blackboards and one such work read, “Reactionary teachers, we will have your skin for shoes for the poor”! At the height of militancy, contemporary insiders put the number of core Naxals in the college at no more than 30 — not a big figure, but by most accounts the single largest Maoist presence among all DU institutions. In 1968, history student Arvind Narain Das had run for president of the college student’s body elections on an openly Naxal platform. He won. “We were ready to storm heaven,” Dilip Simeon, a leading member of the group, was to write later. During 1970, their activities started to enter a serious phase.
In our world you are perceived always to be separate from events as an individual
Also- fellow bride and blogger Ashlee and I will be hosting a giveaway this week!! Stay tuned for our Gimme a Mug Swap posted on Wednesday!
Another thing about TV news? Credits rarely run; there usually just isn’t time. Executives, producers and editors may see their names on screen but writers, almost never.
I love when we find the “perfect” gift for each kid.
If you are interested in obtaining a list of the collections contents, please send an email to barguru@aol.com to obtain a copy. I will be posting the date of the sale on February 21, 2012, as well as the method of bidding.As you may know, I'm a food and drink book collector myself. I’ve just bought a house, though, and dipped into the book budget to do it, so I won’t be buying Brian’s collection. Before Germany claims the rest, you may want to email him.
Actually, of course, he is an early music specialist in the most visceral way: the dusty historical tomes we all read to try and understand the music making of the 17th and 18th centuries are chock full of anecdotes about emotional playing, mind-boggling ornamentation, extraordinary use of colour, and phrasing. That’s Pandolfo.
Nita Leger Casey
Psalm 119: 89-91 (NSRV)
“You think I’m crazy?”
His snout is still snotty but it's not draining as much... could be the spring pollen count in Memphis is plugging him up... dunno.
Five years ago they've all heard her screams but neither of them helped her.
So Ahab went into his house sullen and displeased because of the word which Naboth the Jezreelite had spoken to him; for he had said, “I will not give you the inheritance of my fathers.” And he lay down on his bed, and turned away his face, and would eat no food.
It was not just beads. I also got a nifty beaded pencil and pen with seed beads in (a few of them striped, my latest "seed bead colour obsession" as it happens!). And I got a folder, which is also exciting to a hoarder/collector/colour addict beader like me because it contained colour charts and also other goodies like a bead size chart, project instructions, a leaflet about their bead shop etc. And it makes a very useful source of reference material for bead bloggers like me.
Copen's statement does reflect typical practice. However, George Locker, a lawyer who represents 15 of the remaining 55 tenants in the project footprint, contends there's another reason: to evict his clients, who live in FCR-owned buildings but are protected by rent-stabilized leases.
Nevertheless, something about trains -- possibly the freedom associated with getting on something that rapidly takes us away from where we are in a manner that defies turning around and going back at any point -- brings out a similar feeling in people. I know I feel it.
I'm 10. When my mother
See that she is both happy and free!
2010.09.13 India Poonch 1 0 Islamic terrorists abduct a civilian from his home and murder him.
So, I’m going to try to limit territories to galaxy rights in future. I think physics will back me up on that.
We asked our friendly driver if he knew where we could find a henna artist. And that's how we ended up in the home of one of his relatives' being hennaed by three teenaged girls.
Love from our friends and family. When Maura Moritz brought me the incredibly generous gifts and cards from Arapahoe staff members, I actually burst into tears. I couldn't believe how kind people were. Thank you, thank you, thank you. We also have friends and family who are kind enough to drive out here almost every other day, bringing us healthy food, checking on us all the time, buying us butt paste (for Sam, not for us), paying for hotel rooms, and trekking out here just to go for a run with us. The nurses keep commenting on how popular Sam is, and each time, I think about how lucky we are.
Coaches are realizing or at least they should how thorny these situations can become. You can bet other coaches are using these situations against them in recruiting too.
Since the guest room is nearly complete (pictures and a breakdown of what we did to come later this week!), my mind has already moved on to visions of mr p's room. I just love the the endless possibilities decorating children's rooms provides. It is such an amazing outlet to really let yourself get creative and playful, and can also lend itself to a clean and crisp style. That is exactly what I am going to try to achieve for mr p's room - playful and clean (wait, can those things and a five year old really go together??).
Tips for Saving Money:
soldiers in Darfur cannot have any
Pretenders Back on the Chain Gang UK
There has been years of ongoing dispute as to whether the teachers and school system are primarily responsible for the care of a child or whether that sole responsibility lies in the hands of the child’s parents. I have always believed that it takes a village to raise a child so in this bill; you will see that the responsibility will lie at the breastplate of all parties involved.
One may construe the document as follows: during the crisis over Czechoslovakia our French or English comrades should have demanded the military intervention of their own bourgeoisie, and thereby assumed responsibility for the war – not for war in general, and of course not for a revolutionary war, but for the given imperialist war...
short attention span (unless it's about an obsession)
For the last seven years we have used what I call a “push” model and it has proven ineffective because it is the embodiment of 20th century learning. 20th Century learning is all about “pushing” information at a group of passive recipients. The recipients are expected to follow detailed instructions, take notes, absorb information and regurgitate it in the form of a new product.
I keep a set of notebooks that I take to workshops and training sessions. This means I always know where to go when I need to look something up. I usually secure any handouts into the notebook with a paperclip and keep the pages together with an elastic band. These notebooks have a perforated line so that it’s easy to tear out pages and file them elsewhere, as necessary.
By the way, my dad is white and my mom is asian. I think I started checking "White" on these things because I thought that you were supposed to default to your father's race.
The already-sluggish machine has now gone completely shithouse. Windows says it needs to go online to fix itself but I can't get online because Windows XP no longer recognizes my connection. Every time I try to something normal and mundane to improve my PC's performance, it bites me in the ass.
I went shopping today. Finally getting around to going shopping with my birthday money. So while I’m all excited about my new clothes, all I can think about is showing them off for Chase. I hope he likes the stuff I got. I like it. But as I sit here in my new top and shrug, I think it would be a perfect going out outfit. I’m planning what jewelry and make-up I’ll wear and deciding for what event I’ll wear it when Chase is home. I’m currently leaning to a night out, maybe dinner with friends. What I’m really thinking though is how Chase will look at me throughout that night. That look that says “wow, she’s gorgeous.” I like that look. I miss that look.
On domestic things today!
book and I will stop there for there are only so many hours in the day.
Athens was a city that I was really looking forward to going to. After going to Rome and seeing all of these ancient ruins, mixed in with amazing architecture, fountains on every corner I had really high expectations for Athens. I was at first really disappointed as we drove through crazy, busy streets with really modern, simple architecture and graffiti EVERYWHERE. My first impression was Ah, typical big city.
Tristan set down his pack and rested his precious lute on the bench the gatekeeper hauled near. He looked around himself as he removed his sodden cloak and spread it over the bench to dry. The hall was a strange mixture of opulence and squalor. Rich tapestries hung from the walls, but they were dark with years of soot from the smoking hearth. Elaborately carved wooden pillars, thick as the trunks of ancient trees, held up the high, smoke-blackened, heavy-beamed roof far above him. Where most halls were draped and decked with yuletide greenery this time of year: mistletoe, ivy and holly, this hall lacked any sign of the coming celebration of Christ’s birth. Torches blazed along the soot-stained walls.
Add your layout to the inlinkz tool. If you have a blog grab our button and add it to your blog post. A blog is not a requirement for this Challenge, you can use FlickR or any other Social Media Site to enter.
In furniture, mirrored surfaces, inlaid woods, and exotic material such as shagreen (sharkskin) and zebra, along with exotic woods such as rosewood and ebony were favorites of Art Deco designers.”
Our first destination, although we didn’t stop was a place called Macapa which is on the northern side of the Amazon where we picked up our pilot to show us the way down the river to Santarem. Didn’t see the pilot but this river is so convoluted with masses of islands and tributaries, you would get hopelessly lost, not to say run aground. They put up a special map of the river where our charts are and there are several rivers at the mouth which go on for miles and miles. Because of these islands, we passed very close to the shoreline which was littered with driftwood. The trees rose straight from the water’s edge and there were big reeds and grasses. Passing us, in the river were big clumps of green, various vegetation just drifting past with brown logs bobbing up and down. Thought they were crocodiles at first. Macapa, right on the equator looks like quite a large town, houses, tall buildings and some masts showing. Little huts down at the water’s edge, but didn’t see many people around apart from a few who were fishing in narrow boats. A tug boat called Titan was pulling two huge rafts piled high with sand and it was hot and humid out on deck.
“Here comes the sun,” they sang on their landmark 1969 album Abbey Road. “It’s alright.”
Some do better than others with various issues. HBO’s True Blood, though not medieval, does a decent job with sexuality, Starz’s Spartacus has a varied track record on sexuality and race (which I’ve addressed at length here), and Starz’s Camelot recently had a decently prominent African-American woman character in Morgan Le Fay’s Court, even if it only had a token African-American warrior in Arthur’s court. Not that simply putting in diverse cast changes things in the real world, nor should a series be judged by how much it superficially resembles a Bennetton ad. But I’m pretty convinced these sorts of shows have a wide if indirect influence on our culture, so I’m hoping for them to push the envelope, and with any luck, in non-superficial ways. A lot to ask, but I think TV has influenced social issues before, and will again.
20th of October 2010
It's springy to me because finally the clouds outside are rain clouds instead of snow clouds. I was also able to use some ribbon I've had for a while. Reduce the stash, reduce the stash!
Take it slow. Enjoy it but don’t be in a hurry.
according to their conscience. You have not succeeded in confiscating
Raeraelefay: Dobby; and, with Caia, the verses on Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks. (Caia, aka Loony Lorna, wrote verses 2-4.)
I decided to find a recipe since I cook this, using "the little of this and little of that" method. I would have told you to boil the noodles, fry the onions and cabbage, throw in some sugar and pepper and enjoy. I am not sure that would have given much guidance. In looking, I kept coming up with recipes that had sour cream. They looked delicious and I would like to try this one day but that was not my memory dish.
The image here is one of Pettibone’s Flowers of 1971. Gallerie Sho from Tokyo had on view three of these little beauties as well as two small Marilyns, 1978. Look at the dimensions, the Flowers are less than 2 inches square. Each painting is carefully screen printed, stretched on canvas and framed with wee nails and slates of wood. These miniscule works are reduced to sheer perfection. Oddly, seeing theses tiny Warhols touched me much more than seeing originals. Of course without the original, full-size pieces, Pettibone’s couldn’t exist. And yet seeing these Lilliputian paintings is breathtaking. They become objects, trinkets, toys.
Anyway, you ALL need to go check it out. They just got it started, but they already have items up to view. Christmas is just around the corner if you need a great gift idea : )
Watergate was supposed to have established that Presidents are not above the law. If that is so, President Obama may have to resign for breaking the law in the Sestak affair.
take your mouse and click on the bathing suit-clad girl
We were ushered in. Pam, the head of the Oncology unit at the hospital, was there to take notes as usual, because what the oncologist says affects the treatment at Oncology.
“Well, we used something called Facebook. It was quite popular for a while.”
Discerning the meaning of
Today I was thinking about how life never really seems to go according to our plan. Mostly this is ok, somedays it's a tad bit overwhelming.
Head over to the main challenge blog for all the details of this weeks challenge and fab prize from this weeks sponsor
Paradoxically, we are forced to fund social programs for other nations at the very same time we are engaged in a heated debate about cutting social services and entitlement programs at home. It is a sad state of affairs that in the 21st century the world’s most strategic commodity is still being controlled by a cartel.
Dallas County has now exonerated 32 people since 2001, most of them during Watkins’ tenure. Most of the cases, including Monday’s, involved faulty eyewitness identifications.
SECRET BAKERIES:
And here's a close-up shot of our little sitting area. We love our white slipcovered couch from IKEA, although it is in desperate need of a good washing. Hence, the throws draped over the cushions. It looks cozy and covers up a mulititude of sins. I also used some of Liam's Christmas stuffed animals as decor.
I like the wise old mentors like Dumbledore, Gandalf etc. They always find a way into my stories in some form.
Because you demanded it (actually only one person was kind of wondering about it), here's some fresh haunted house action. Finally getting around to the house itself with the addition of windows and front entrance. And yes, that's the twisted, gnarled tree from the 2009 graveyard scene. I'll distort it a little more to fit in here but it's nice to have some ready made props that I can just drop in (click on images to view full size.)
Now the old post…
Now I want to add a little bit of color to my Mermaid
She never seemed to do it. She doesn't wander off into imaginary play and get lost there for hours. Her dolls have collected dust, polly pocket and Little Pet Shop stuff got unwrapped, put in a drawer and that was it.
"The Legend of Bigfoot" is crushingly dull unless you're really REALLY into Bigfoot and nature films. And even if you're really REALLY into nature films, you're going to find yourself wishing that Marx would get to some point, or that Bigfoot would rear up and eat him. At the very least, I suspect you're going to find yourself reaching for the remote so you can scan past the boring bits. What do wild pigs have to do with Bigfoot? What do Caribou hunters have to do with Bigfoot? What do "ground squirrels in love" have to do with Bigfoot? While the ground squirrels are damn cute, they have NOTHING do to with Bigfoot, yet we are treated to scenes of all the above that seem as long as the ten years Marx supposedly hunted Bigfoot. (Oh... and what self-respecting tracker drives a red VW Bug, even if it was the Seventies? And drives it into the remote central Washington back country in the middle of winter?)
I use the singular form on purpose, even if the popular unrest that has coursed through the globe in the last year has manifested itself plurally. North Africa has just seen an overhaul and overthrow of old regimes. Syria is the next stop surely. The Occupy movement which began life in Spain with "Los Indignados" (The Outraged) mushroomed instantly and took hold of other cities such as Toronto, New York and London. Online, groups like Anonymous are bent on embarrassing national governments with their pranks. Everywhere you look there's something happening or about to happen. However there's a single narrative running through these subversive acts that seem to have sprung up almost simultaneously: a fairer society where there's more respect and consideration towads our fellow humans. The question is: why now?
APPARENTLY, after Magatha got her ass booted out of Thunder Bluff, she went into hiding in Thousand Needles, and when the Twilight’s Hammer started stepping up their activity there, they captured her along with a batch of others. (NICE HOW THEY WERE ABLE TO TRACK HER DOWN RIGHT OFF LIKE THAT, HUH?? YET ANOTHER BANG-UP JOB BY MY CRACK TEAM!) So when Lakota sent Johnny Awesome around to help clean up the Grimtotem mess down there, Magatha started sending messages to the stupid elf to get him to release her pet wind serpent Arikara. Along the way Johnny Awesome also killed Arnak Grimtotem and Isha Gloomaxe, so okay, good news there, since that takes out the braintrust that had been coordinating all the ogre business in Feralas and Dustwallow, but whatever, because along the way, Johnny Awesome ALSO managed to round up a batch of ancient tauren relics – the Writ of History, the Rattle of Bones, and the Drums of War – and ended up fucking handing them OVER to Magatha.
Prayer: Father God, I pray for the lost lives of the millions of babies that die from abortions in this country and throughout the world. It is the height of wickedness! Forgive us your people, who have sat idly by while this ongoing massacre continues; Father in Yahshua/Jesus’ Name I pray that the hearts of all believer’s will be pricked and they will repent of the apathy they’ve had towards the murderous sacrifices to the false god Molech called abortion. I pray for godly repentance to come upon mothers, fathers, doctors and all who support abortion and I pray that they will fall down before your throne confessing and asking forgiveness. Lord Jesus, fill us with your Spirit so that we can stand against the powers of darkness that have overtaken the minds of people, making them comfortable with the sin and wickedness that envelope this world. I ask these and all things in the Precious, Holy Name of Yahshua HaMashiach/Jesus Christ….Amen!.
But before we get into the detail, let’s just pause and examine the phrase ‘real opposition’. To be frank, I’ve been frustrated and annoyed by the speed with which – even where lowlife like Murdoch are concerned – people still scuttle back into their Left/Right caves at the first sign of ‘being attacked’.
And I love living in a small town, because while at the hospital, the 5-year-old's kindergarten teacher called to see if we would still be in the hospital when she passed by on her way home, because she wanted to come visit. Unfortunately, we were about to be discharged. While we waited, another friend called to let me know he had heard what had happened and to see if there was anything he could do. These little gestures completely warmed my heart and made me want to be a better person. And upon arriving home, the 5-year-old boy was presented by his 6th-grade brother a poster his class had put together at school. In the center of the poster in block letters were the words "GET WELL SOON!" and surrounding that were sweet notes from each student in the class. Intermittently taped between the messages were pieces of wrapped hard candy and chocolate! It was adorable!
evolutionarymystic
How many of us have had khaman or dhoklas from the local marwadi snack shop or a high end snack bar…almost all of us…it is light, yummy and fills the stomach is’nt it?? Well this delightful snack has its origins in Gujarat and it is called “Khaman”…it is also called as “Dhoklas” in many other places..in the shops they are made of besan or gram flour…here i have made them in the traditional gujarati home style..i.e made of channa dal…
A suspect was identified and a foot pursuit commenced. The suspect was apprehended around 10 am on Sunday morning and is currently in custody. The investigation is ongoing and further details are unavailable at this time.
Queen of Exile takes you into a magical time of queens and knights and unique, mysterious creatures. I promise you'll be intrigued from the very start by Princess Jeniah's story.
I had a good day yesterday. I went to my friend, Maren's house after I got Joe on the bus, and we hung out. Her hubby had the laptop, and she wanted to check her mail and send out a few emails. I was only too happy to oblige.
There were a lot of people picnicing on the bridge and sipping wine.. or drinking champagne.. only in Paris, right? I noticed the bridge was jammed packed full of locks. I asked, "Why are there all these locks here?" I was told that if you are in love you place a lock on the bridge your love will never be broken. :) The hubs and I were not able to find a lock but when one of our good friends recently got married and we heard they were honey mooning in Paris. We knew that we had to get them a lock.
Feels good to know about the real pulpy deal, right? C’mon show me a smile on the comment box, and you might win yourself a Really Pulpy Deal! (That’s a chance to win a Minute Maid gift pack simply by commenting. Sweet! C'mon you just might be picked as the lucky 'commentor'!)
Why is wilderness travel so damn dull in-game?
Again I have not been able to get any housework done or any of my list done at all really. First thing this morning, (after breakfast of course), I went to look at a house my husband and I will be placing an offer on come Monday. Since my husband works out of town I needed to take pictures of it for him. I wont go into details about why it took nearly two hours longer than it should have, suffice it to say that it did. By the time I left I had to stop to get lunch at a fast food place for me and the kiddos before taking an hour drive down to my family's place for my niece's baptism.
Tomorrow I finish laundry, fling around some kettlebells, and take back my life.
Jack Oakie’s role here is very similar to his turn as sidekick to Spencer Tracy in Wellman’s Looking For Trouble the previous year. Once again he has a lot of comic moments but always with a strong buddy relationship underlying the humour – and you feel that he is always looking out for his more volatile friend and checking he is all right. According to the same review at the imdb that I’ve already referred to, the original intention was for Oakie’s character to be shot dead by the villainous Smith, but it was felt audiences wouldn’t put up with the comic actor being killed and so this scene was cut before release – however, this deleted scene apparently survives. It would be fascinating to see it.
Jack Holloway works alone, for reasons he doesn’t care to talk about. Hundreds of miles from ZaraCorp’s headquarters on planet, 178 light-years from the corporation’s headquarters on Earth, Jack is content as an independent contractor, prospecting and surveying at his own pace. As for his past, that’s not up for discussion.
still in good condition
ALL … without limit … without circumference … the center … ALL encompassing!
Katy Perry in my opinion will look sexy in a burlap bag, add a pair of Pigalles heels and she looks absolutely stunningly sexy. What a nice breath of fresh air she is. She can do nothing wrong in my eyes. :)
Slice the chunk of steak across grain into long, thin strips. Combine the fish sauce, soy sauce, oil, Sriracha, brown sugar, cilantro, garlic, and remaining seasonings in a small bowl. Place the steaks in a large sealable container (or Ziploc bag), pour in the marinade, seal and toss to evenly distribute. Let marinate in the refrigerator overnight. When ready to cook, weave meat onto individual skewers and lay flat in shallow container. Heat a grill pan over high heat. Place the skewers on the grill pan and cook until the meat is cooked through, about 7 minutes, flipping them over halfway through grilling. Transfer to a platter, sprinkle with cilantro, and serve.
When I worked as a screenwriter for children's television in the 1990s, for the likes of HBO, Paramount, Hanna-Barbera, Alliance-Atlantis and the CBC, I was sometimes called upon to write "bibles" for shows. One of the chapters was usually on the "danger factors" or "violence levels" for the kids at home - or, to put it plainly - could they repeat this at home, and die or kill or wound or injure themselves in the process? Most of the shows I worked on wanted to avoid, at all costs, danger levels that could or might lead to a child being hurt, in any way - and indeed, psychologists worked with writers often, to strike a proper balance. This sort of concern might surprise some industry-watchers, who consider everything aimed at children as cynical or profit-led, when, in fact, and not just to avoid litigation (but that too), quality is often uppermost in the creators' minds.
Imagine that you lived in a place where water borne diseases were rampant. Your local water source is contaminated, and typhoid outbreaks occur whenever major flooding occurs - probably from sewage and contaminants entering your water supply. Thousands of people become ill, and many even die. There are no trained water staff to effectively treat the water to protect human health. Seems worlds away, doesn’t it?
GuideStar's Suzanne Coffman told me that "we post what the IRS gives us, and we don’t know why the attachment was not included in the scan the IRS sent us. The longer answer is that the IRS does not usually redact the names of organizations that received grants or contributions from a Form 990 filer. In this case, the schedule may have been removed erroneously before the 990 was scanned, or the Forest City Ratner Companies Foundation may have failed to include it when they sent the return to the IRS. Unfortunately, we have no way of determining what happened."
“I think we may have very nice, new neighbors,” he said.
Let him be rich and wearie, that at least,
And now we come to the point where I've gone on for far too long. Before I let you go, though, let me point you to a few excellent resources regarding Joe and his debut novel:
William Merritt Chase, The Bayberry Bush
So now I skip that section of the menu and indulge in the pasta instead. Fred was smart from the get go, ordering the exact same pasta dish - the Tajarin - handcut tagliatelli, 5 hour pork sugo and porcini mushrooms, on every visit. He clearly knows something that I don't because at one point I imagined that, surely, the paparadelle with braised short rib ragu and roasted chanterelles must be even better. It wasn't, of course, and so I sent its meaty, extremely rich goodness (it was good, I just couldn't eat it with a Tajarin sitting in forking distance), back to the kitchen and took a plate of what Fred was having instead. I don't know what it is about that dish, but those buttery, thin, wiggly, tender, handcut noodles with the perfect amount of meat sauce on top deliver us both 100% satisfaction. There are two sizes, $10 and $15. The $15 is too much for me and the $10 is too little for Fred. Go figure. Go order!
I called his office and listened carefully to their voicemail options, as it seems they had changed recently. Patience paid off when I learned that option 6 was to cancel a sales presentation. It looked like my rejection could be done automatically.
In the Greek myth of Pandora, “hope” is the final force left in the box of plagues that is unleashed upon humankind. And while hope is often the only thing one has left, I think that some people seem to ignore the fact that it was still one of the things in the box of plagues. Hope is not a bad plague with which to be plagued, certainly–I’m sure we all prefer it to famine and dysentery, for example–it can still be a harsh and fickle mistress, if not an entirely false one. In the Findhorn Community, when the various Angels that they recognize were being brainstormed and added to a list, Hope was one that was eventually rejected, because of the possibility that Hope can be false, whereas many of the other angels they recognized (Play, Strength, Peace, etc.) are “goods in themselves,” and things that tend to be positive. Of course, some may criticize the “new age” emphasis on only good things implied in this schema, and yet, there is a lesson to be learned in all of this. If it is possible for Hope to betray someone, isn’t that a violation of Fides? And yet again, Fortuna and Tyche are goddesses as much as any other, and their favor is not always guaranteed either.
· Banking domain knowledge / background is desirable
Korean BBQ meat
Mastermind behind the rock-n-roll band Boston, vegan
As a general rule, all worthwhile dinner arguments can be resolved by simple empirical tests after dessert. We sealed an eye chart inside a ziploc bag and put it at the bottom of a large tub of water. I immersed my head in the tub and opened my eyes, pen poised over a notepad, but was unable to discern even the largest of the letters, despite still having my glasses on.
I got a worthless degree in Broadcast Journalism. While most of the classes I took were a complete waste of my time, money and mind, there were a couple that I found pretty interesting. One of those was a basic video production class.
Is it because in a lot of ad agencies, radio is seen as a way of letting juniors cut their teeth, before getting stuck into TV? In one big agency I worked for, there was definitely an unwritten hierarchy of media that you got to scale as you proved yourself - and I can tell you radio was not at the higher end.
it all hurts just the same.
Also, Norma doesn't have any toes on her right foot, which really pissed off that totally pretend foot fetish I made up yesterday. She's not alone though, Frank Langella is missing half of his face. The inevitable moral wonderings soon give way to cosmic nonsense of the highest order. A later scene sees James Marsden step into a liquid box reminiscent of something out of 2001: A Space Odyssey. This isn't 2001: A Space Odyssey though, so its trying just seems daft. Admittedly, the psychedelic music and wallpaper and James Marsden's sideburns are fun.
Maybe a joke
4. Black Sheep - Similak Child
She did not not move her eyes from her Prime.
See you later.
No zips or buttons.
No one’s heard her answer from the grave
Well, no one has ever accused the reigning communist government of South Africa, the ANC, of having a brain cell to share amongst all 2000 MPs (or whatever the latest number of parliament members the country is at now). In their infinite wisdom, they are now challenging the restriction on singing the song. So, let's think about this for a moment. Besides the obvious that they're not very bright - just why would they want to appeal the banning of a highly racist and violence-inducing song in a country where over 18 000 people are murdered every year (that's the figure that the ANC admit to - we know it's higher and more like 30 000 murders a year). Makes you think. Could it be that they want to keep racial tension simmering forever so that their dumbed down black population don't look to the ANCs obvious governmental failings? Could it be that this is the next step to ensure whites are forced off their land out of sheer terror of what's to come? Whatever the reason, this is what South Africa and the great ANC has been reduced to - keeping the masses of people living in poverty, relying on the government for their hand-outs, whilst all the while the ANC live like kings off the sweat of the tax payer and the country's riches. Viva South Africa.
In Bataan, province of the Philippines (1942)
I asked him "What price would you have rather seen on the box?"
* To set a variable named ‘debug’ in the module named ‘test_module’
I am almost entirely in love with this dress. The only thing that could make it more gorgeous is if it had a loose, floor-length skirt. Still, I adore the contrast between the loose, long sleeve and the tight-fitted body.
This time you are born
It is an unpleasant experience watching low class people abuse themselves in a prurient business. I am sorely disappointed with Anderson. Everyone is entitled a fumble here and there, but Boogie Nights is such unpleasant viewing, callig it a fumble is an insult to football.
John and Jana, unschooling parents themselves, present a very different view in A Rule is to Break, saying on their site "children are natural masters of anarchy, but are too often unaware of the power they wield in their cute little hands, and too seldom encouraged by grown-ups to figure that out! In A Rule Is To Break: A Child’s Guide To Anarchy that determined little devil girl Wild Child wages her own one-girl rebellion against the stifling world of adults who just want her to behave! And she brings her friends along!"
The thing in Mog that is shared by the other two books is that there is, yet again, another home invasion. Funny. In The Borrower's, Arriety and her family were the invaders. In Little Miss Suzy, it was those scary gang squirrels. And in Mog, it was a nighttime burglar who broke in to steal the family's valuable silverware. Interesting similarities, now that I've noticed that.
Name: Raphael Boucher
You may have noticed that I have a frog sitting on the lid of my ORT's jar. The other day I was in the Red Dot store (type of $2 shop) and I spotted a key ring with a frog on it for $2! So I bought it.... once I had removed the hook from his head I attached him to the ORT's lid with velcro and now I have a guardian of the "frogs" in the ORT's jar.
In one of the most damning episodes of the criminal history of this family, it was revealed that the personal lawyer of Beatrix, Frits Salomonson, who also was a member of the Committee of Guardians of the crown prince, was the prime whitewasher of the Bruinsma drug-millions, transporting them from the criminal underworld to the ‘legal’ business communities through a criminal stock-exchange listed phantom-company that was only there for whitewashing drugs money.
So what time was sunset in Paris in early November? Was there enough time for all that to happen? No. Sunset was 5:30. Not time to nearly drown, be rescued, go home, get changed, have a shower and arrange a meeting for 7 while 7 is still an hour in the future. Change to meeting in the bar at 9.
1 pack of marshmallows
By these, crowds, groups of forms vaguely I see on the floor, some in
So I became a media consultant.
Heal my heart and make it clean
Water hookup nearby: 2 nights @ $60 = $120, 2 nights @ $50 = $100, one night free, total $220 for 5 nights.
This is emphasized in the very speech that Jules gives to one of the robbers, that he can kill with impunity because of his role, that it has nothing to do with anything he is. He mentions that his bibilical quote is almost incidental to his character, like so many of the details of the parts in this movie. It was just a cold-blooded thing to say. It is something he never questioned. Only now does he try to place others in the parts of the saying:
michelledclarke and justmissy5! Please contact me ASAP ladies!
Pinch fresh coriander
This was also the book where I first read in detail about Napoleon and his strategy on war. It is brilliantly portrayed in the book. The book is a sort of fictional history with very accurate historical events but at the same time the story is centered around some fictional characters. The events leading to the war, resilience of Russian people, the way they fight back makes this book a true epic. On one hand there is historical war and on the other hand there are simple dreams and aspirations of young people and how these two mix up with each other as the story moves forward is truly exceptional.
I was invited into the tent with the two male bikers. I was so naïve at the time. I crawled inside and Tommy took out a gallon jug of homemade elderberry wine and offered me a glass of it. I suddenly felt very grown up. I started out sipping on that potion and ended up gulping until I collapsed on the dirt floor of the tent. Someone transported me back to my mother and my aunt that night, completely drunk and stinking of wine. My mother was furious. She was upset that someone at the orphanage might get wind of it. She was worried that she or her friends might look bad, and that she could get into some kind of trouble if word got out. I cannot forget that she was never concerned for me.
Fornäs, Johan (1985) Tältprojektet: Musikteater som manifestation (The Tent project. Music theatre as manifestation) Stockholm/Göteborg: Symposion.
I also found a .svg file for the same or similiar type file here on cricutcraftyclare's blog. She indicates that she got her original file from Nancy who had created the file in DS from the splitcoaststamper's directions and template. Nancy doesn't have the DS cut file on her blog but she does say that you could contact her if you wanted one of her files. You can find Nancy's post on these backpacks on her blog here at Nancy's Craft Spot. Finally, I also found a post of a .svg file with or without the scorelines on the SCAL forum. It was posted by dchiu1 and can be found here. So, hopefully between these multiple sites, you should be able to find a cut file that will work for you no matter what cut file or software that you use. Thanks for stopping by.
I know a lot of these steps seem drastic, but you really never know when the big change is a comin’, so you’re better off having these things ready. What’s that saying? “The best preparation is awesome preparation”. No wait, it’s “the best prepared people are prepared for the worst”. Is that a saying? If it is, it’s kind of a bummer. Fuck that.
The Boss spoke to me on the Monday and accused me of being asleep while 'your customers were calling you.' He trusted these fools more than me.
Just before the announcement at 9 am, Bush Sr. ordered the demolition of World Trade Center to stop the international banking computers on floors one and two, in the North Tower from initiating the new U.S. Treasury Bank system. Explosives in the World Trade Center were planted by both CIA and Mossad operatives and detonated remotely in Building 7 which was demolished later that day in order to cover-up their crime.
But if people cared about statistics then no one would root for the underdog. David wouldn’t have slain Goliath. Puebla wouldn’t have fought the French and we in the U.S. would’ve come up with another tequila-drinking “holiday” to celebrate.
Your lips drop sweetness as the honeycomb, my bride;
I'm so blessed!
Given the growing Locavore trend, it is becoming increasingly easier to find restaurants and food trucks that feature local ingredients while traveling. The simplest way to seek out these gems is by asking the locals where the best places to eat are, and which restaurants feature local ingredients. Another hint to finding Locavore friendly spots is to follow food bloggers in the area you are visiting.
Look out for the March WOW Embossing Powders winner to be announced very soon!
His anticipation was much more profound than the most faithful of Christians. It was, for he had already been there. He knew where he was going and he knew the glories of heaven. We can say this because of his personal testimony in 2 Corinthians 12:3-5, and again I say he was referring to himself.
In addition to this, Soweto had 300 churches, 365 schools, 2 Technical Colleges, 8 clinics, 63 child day care centres, 11 Post Offices, and its own fruit and vegetable market.
He was a big kid, too old to be scared. He leaned to his beside table and grabbed his torch. The light glowed a soft orange. Great, batteries going flat.
However, “reasonable force” is very subjective, according to criminal lawyer Joshua Sambanthan, who said it is something that be “easily abused”.
SIZE: S (7’ long)
Next I trimmed around my image and edged the top with my Martha Stewart Heart punch, and then edged this with my black card.
Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer for 10 minutes.
You do have a million reasons to be here! And I and
Thanks Elle for forever inspiring my ever-growing personal style.
4.albertsson-hansen architects
I bought this skirt at anthropologie and I love the clothes that they sell but I'm probably going to be avoiding them for political reasons even though I'm not from the USA. I don't want my money going to help fund Rick Santorum's bid for the presidency.
Elf ... USA ... 11 PM
Floss.
The Communist Party was not outlawed in Denmark until the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union in June 1941. At that point, the Germans told the Danish government to intern the leaders of the Danish communists, which they did. In November 1942 about 250 were sent to the Horseroed camp, which was run by the Danish police, not by the Nazi Gestapo (later on it was taken over by the Nazis).
Modern Healthcare reported in 2010 that there were 13 more proton beam therapy centers on the drawing boards for the next few years. (Gated. Harvard Link ) If we invest this capital, it insures that our future costs will climb even higher. Here’s where we really need comparative effectiveness research!
From the documentation, Google parses your blog content and if it is pertinent, it will display a Gadget section on the right side tool bar beneath the Post Sections area. While my earning section indicate that this blog is Eligible for Affiliate Ads, none of my older posts on this Blog have this option available.
At stake is an estimated $350 billion that Americans spend annually on fees and commissions for banking, brokerage and insurance services. Proponents say the legislation will save consumers some $15 billion each year, offering them greater choice and convenience and spurring competition. Consumer groups and other opponents maintain it will bring higher prices and jeopardize consumers' financial privacy.
So trying to make first chair is much more difficult than I realized. Buck, how do you deal with the guys from Pennsyltucky? Burn their tents or tell them there’s fresh woodchuck in the lodge? So no I didn’t get the first chair, but was on maybe the 6th and it didn’t seem like anyone ahead was going to be so fast. From the chair it all looked like flat corduroy, so I chose Hellgate Racer’s as 1st choice. Sweetness all the way. First to bottom and chose Cliff Racer’s second run , SWEETER. Now that’s how it should always be. And guess what? The sky was blue and the sun was shinning. Made the circuit off the top hitting everything before doing multiples on Cliff Racer’s. Even hit lower K which had improved since last week, just not enough. There were those damn statues at the bottom of the Cliff!
Las Hayas Trek
“What did you do to him?” Sybil demanded, practically leaning across Maggie.
For if your DNA is the cause of any of this stuff,
8-10 lb pork shoulder
Sis- "fuck ur point! u call rt now and say misunderstanding so she doesn't get fired or I'm completely done with you! she does not deserve to be fired! you tell me what time and day I can meet you at your bank to get my money!"
Shakespeare, translated, so no rhymes or sounds or
They will not accept a tip.. well, sometimes one will but it is rare.
We put new molding down... just 1x4s... on the top too which we didn't have before. I ordered a new chair from Ikea... one that didn't hide the whole desk and went better with the room (also a cheap purchase compared to others out there).
* The couple who lived on Jobseeker's Allowance for TWELVE YEARS while funding a fantasy aspirational jetset lifestyle that involved holidaying in exclusive South American resorts, wearing fancy clothes and "hanging out with famous aspirational glamorous people such as Pete Tong, Raymond Blanc, Heidi Klum and that bloke who runs the Ministry Of Sound."
JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH AFRICA –
Hope your week is starting off well! I've so SO much to do in these next couple of days/weeks, my head is spinning! Moves/Graduations/Easter Parade-ChamberStuff/ Little "Helen's" needs/New Tennant changes.
It must be the fact that I’m about to turn 28- although this is not a comforting fact. I was born with a limited supply of focus- draining it at this pace is really no good.
Like all of my Kate Spade inspiration looks thus far, I had to improvise quite a bit on this outfit, but love the overall feel of the full pleated a-line skirt, business-y bouse, and colored tights with classic black pumps.
“The unique blend of outreach and service work combined with traditional classroom learning provides students the opportunity to give back to their communities while developing skills around advocacy and social responsibility, all while learning industry specific job skills,” Hader said. “The experience, which is powerful for the student and directly benefits the community, also molds a better-rounded graduate.”
Jacob located his brewery near the Big Eddy Springs, from which poured nonacidic, nonalkaline water that the brewery uses without treatment to this day. . . . Water is the key to the brewing process, and most brewers have to treat their water in one way or another in order to make it suitable for brewing. Jacob never seemed to have this problem, and the brewery's water is still of high quality today (The Breweries of Wisconsin, 142.)
Two days ago, at Savannah's softball game, the little kids were lying on the ground coloring with markers. Clay got bored coloring and stacked 3 markers together in a kind of makeshift light saber. Because playing with weapons is always a good idea. Anyway, this looked like fun to Brooklyn who did the same thing. Except she decided she wanted ALL of the markers so she ran around, chasing Clayton, screaming and whining that she wanted his markers too. Right on cue, Clay took off teasing and taunting her just to make her scream a little louder because not everyone within a 15 mile radius could hear her.
Yup. That’s me trying to be nice. If you have a glance through my blog, you’ll see that I’m not actually a human being yet. I’m some kind of child, monkey, retard hybrid.
This past weekend, Best Man Justin became Groom Justin ... which means that I got to spend an amazing week in the northeast of France with some amazing people ... and it means that we've got a lot of catching up to do.
And if you can find a tread of anything linking these pictures today....
Will: No, you need to learn this.
My Islam is Elijah being carried away by a fire-chariot
Related Resources:
Book that flight. Sign up for the 5k. Give sushi a chance. Do something that makes you uncomfortable. Paint your bathroom green. Forgive your trespassers. Go out on a limb. Love like crazy. Grow your relationship with God. Try something new. Forget the excess. Stop worrying. Notice the scent of honeysuckle in the air. Hug your parents. Make something beautiful. Spend time with the ones you love best.
Like any other parent, I want the best teachers for my children. I do not need a test score to determine the quality of my children’s teachers or school. I know the teachers my kids have had at their public school are highly effective. I look for an educator who is caring, creative, organized and communicates well with parents.
Panorama stories that Poienile izei area, welcome visitors, hide valuable natural resources and ancient traditions, whose values <U+200B><U+200B>and applications to be discovered
That’s about it for Schrödinger’s cat and the implications this thought experiment has had on current quantum theory. Originally designed to show how ridiculous it all is, it is now one of the most common descriptions of quantum mechanics around today. It is also the only reason why we remember Erwin Schrödinger, and is his lasting legacy.
1) Australians have a much easier time of getting off work and they have longer vacations. They were stunned when they found out that Americans only get 6 weeks of paid leave for maternity, on average.
You don’t have to spend a penny online today and it is FREE to sign up to Give As You Live via the page above. I am acting as an ambassador for them and fundraising for the Royal British Legion. However, you can join via the link above and then choose the charity you wish to support as we all have our own favourites.
There have been many changes in NROES this week. This updated includes the standard Service Parts, option changes along with the long awaited Tecumseh compressors, changes to Copeland models and the removal of Bristol from catalogue air cooled condensing unit product lines.
If you would like to get involved in a swap or giveaway there are three brilliant ones just being launched (is that the right word?!) that you should have a look at......
* Sitting in the rain & getting soaked while at a football game.
Warren MP, Perlroth NE. The effects of intense exercise on the female reproductive system. J Endocrinol 2001; 170: 3-11.
After a few seconds of recall he asks Hugo, "Were you on Oceanic flight 815...a week ago from Sydney?"
through PPP mode.
Special Stitches:
No lollipop
Her statement said: ““It is with deep sadness that I have to inform you that I have resigned my party whip with immediate effect and will be an independent councillor.
*Bar-B-Chew toys
Putting it my way,
Green: Fresh kiwi and spinach leaves
Package #2 - ANYONE who can get a delivery from Book Depository - US, Canada or International.
There is currently a proposal to construct a fourth coal terminal in Newcastle (which is already the world’s largest coal port).
and the day had just begun….
Ann Li
SOL is the one who leads BIG BANG’s song with his smooth vocal, and talented to collaborate with various artists.
Ullyot
24 May 1797 – Elias Farris was born
The drama for outspoken correspondent Roland Martin continues. Now the “Fly Jock”, Tom Joyner, has issued a written “smack down” chastising him for prolonging the issue with GLAAD.
Honorary Beer Scribe for Guest on Tap
Blue Scholar Blog: How has the community responded to occupy Virginia Beach?
General Najiya: Thank you, your highness.
Rock Bottom Restaurant & Brewery Willow Creek Pale
“This is my last election,” Obama told outgoing Russian President Dmitri Medvedev last month as reporters entered the room to hear a joint statement. “After my election, I’ll have more flexibility” in negotiating curbs on American anti-missile defenses, Obama told Medvedev, who is soon to replaced by his former boss, Vladimir Putin. (SEE ALSO: Obama defends hot mic gaffe)
Hallo nochmal an diesem Freitag, den 11.11.11 :)
Law #3: If a bad guy has unrestricted physical access to your computer, it’s not your computer anymore
world of a mysterious thicket -
“According to Snyder, the exercises — which she said would last about three weeks in all — will serve to train and improve skills related to terror-war fighting. About 20 Russian soldiers will be participating, with most of the training to take place on the Fort Carson, Colorado, Army base and a mountain training area several hours away.”
2. When he and new wife moved from Indiana to Arizona they were involved in a near-fatal car wreck. My mother never did a thing to help or contact them when it happened. (I had no clue that it had happened).
Let's see... Teresa, Bruce, Linda, Jenny & Dave -- and a very clear picture of the Mona Lisa that appeared on the back of the little Mother and returning Sun made with paint marker on construction by Spencer. Susan said he was very excited to see the Mona Lisa show up on his artwork. There was some debate around the table -- is that Mona Lisa, Jesus or the Virgin Mary? I guess it depends on which media outlet you call to share your 'miracle' find!
One of my biggest passions is making tags and I had a lot of fun making this one for a very special friend of mine. I used the Prima Fairy Belle Paper Collection which is one of my favorites!!!!!! Love butterflies and fairies and oh the soft beautiful shabby colors in this paper :) I also used some of my favorite Iamroses flowers on this tag. The products I used are down below!
An old gentleman and his wife were taking a walk, taking in the sights of Granada when they saw an blind beggar. Moved by this sight, the man turned to his wife and said "Give him alms, my wife, for there is no pain in life greater than to be a blind man in Granada."--Francisco de Icaza
But just when Reese thinks the day is saved, Elias double-crosses him. He locks Reese and Leila in a refrigeration van, handcuffs Reese to a pipe out of reach from Leila, then turns on the chill. This van scene might be my favorite scene so far in this entire series! There’s no fighting, but it’s incredibly powerful:
and golden squash piled high upon your kitchen table.
I am proud of listening instead of speaking, following instead of leading, learning instead of teaching, and moving instead of digging in.
It seems to me that as the world turns and time passes, the more individual his later rooms become and the harder they are for modern clients, decorators, and, in my case, students, to understand. The interiors of his that I admire the most, and I think many would agree, are not those of 1940s New York, but those in his last house at Ménerbes - simple, unpretentious, symmetrically arranged distillation of stone-floored and plaster-walled spaces furnished with rattan and wood, softened with linen, cotton and African art.
Second, we've been deluged with wonderful Christmas cards this year, and I feel pretty lame for not sending any out this year. Correction: I sent out about ten to old people whose feelings would be hurt if they didn't get one, but otherwise, dear friends? I love you all dearly but if you want a card, you're shit out of luck. Please consider this my Christmas offering for the year:
They opted to visit that famed tinsel town--
When I was very young, perhaps 6, I taught myself how not to cry. How to shut down any emotion or sense I might feel and go numb from the inside out. It worked, but now happens involuntarily and I feel dead during this time.
Last month I grabbed my bubble wand - my desire to write and encourage women for Christ - and started blowing bubbles. I put God at the focus of my blog - not myself. I sent out a few submissions to Christian organizations to be published. I started writing an online bible study.
OK. Let’s test that hypothesis.
Virginia – Of all the songs I discovered while completing this task, I am more proud of this one than any other. “East Virginia Blues” was recorded by the Carter Family. I’m not talking about the Carter Family with Mother Maybelle and her children, which included June Carter Cash. I am talking about the original group started by A.P. Carter. There is a great story there that predates anything that happened in Nashville.
Later, while the supper dishes dry on the counter, I recruit a volunteer to help me stir up a big pot of hot cocoa. For the next hour it will warm on the back burner, tantalizing us with its aroma.
The SFAS went away because Goodby was sweeping the show every year. It finally pissed "competing" agencies off so badly they didn't bother entering work in the show anymore.
slave bracelets, hand pieces, ring-bracelets, whatever you want to call it i love it all. i hate falling in love with a design that is older and now sold out like this LOW LUV by ERIN WASSON metal hand piece pictured. i have been scouring the web for a worthy design to get and this is my ideal fit but alas it isnt available anymore from what i've researched. the designer behind the brand is erin wasson, a model you probably would recognize due to maybelline ads. how much creativity she actually puts into the pieces i am unsure of, but i am sure that i love almost everything in the line.
There are a lot of stories, video and podcasts out there that chronicle the worst of school lunches in America.
It's still gorgeous summer weather out here right now so I'm thinking there will be a few more lunches and dinners like this one. If you can stand turning your oven on for the time it takes to bake the eggplant, I think this is something that would go well with all sorts of things. You could maybe make it early in the morning when it's not so hot yet if the heat is an issue. Eggplant Bacon is super easy to make. You just slice up some eggplant, mix together the marinade, dip the eggplant in the marinade and bake it. Easy peasy. Even better - even some of our omnivore friends loved it.
REALLY?!? What’s that about? Who, exactly is taking the issue into the bedroom? My long pent-up rebuttal to this absurd comment is as follows.
Who read blog after blog after blog trying to prepare her heart for what she was about to see? This sister.
So - why is dialogue from Star Trek spliced with music by Tangerine Dream special? I suppose the main reason is that I never thought I’d hear it again...
Without going into too much detail, if you like adventure based historicals, this one has plenty of it and is a meaty tome. It took me a few days of reading between the overtime and the dreaded real world, but I was pleased by how well the book worked out and how open it leaves itself to the sequels.
of pictures and of shimmering gowns
Told In A Garden
Confidence is about many things. It can be about:
You asked for it....
Since I was yakking about the A-Z Challenge last Friday, it's only fair to provide a sign-up link now that the challenge is open for registration. You can register at any of these fab blogs:
All the men deny conspiracy to engage in sexual activity with children under the age of 16.
Right now this show is a one time deal in the way that further bookings will be hinged on us delivering a great show. We would like to play more dates in the future, but we do need to take it one show at a time. I have total confidence that we will bring our "A" game to the festival.
Russia’s Volga River is the longest waterway in Europe. It winds its way south from northwest Russia to the Caspian Sea. Many tributaries pour into the Volga, causing its swiftly flowing blue-green waters to rush even faster. Through the centuries, the river has been a major transportation route. Even today, barges carry goods to and from factories along the shore.
Would you like to try it?
The day comes to an end and were laying in bed, slowly falling asleep
Nmachi Ihegboro was born at Queen Mary’s Hospital in Sidcup, Kent. It’s not unheard-of for mixed-race couples of West Indian origin to have children of significantly different colour – because of white ancestry – but Angela and Ihegbro are of Nigerian origin, and are not aware of any mixed-race family history.
to pay attention to all of the detailed information thrown at us by the three
Yes, my marathon running outfit. I would like to wear something that makes me feel great. Endurance events are a mental battle not just a physical one, and if there’s anything that I can do to add a bit more positivity to the day then I’m going to do it. So I’ve been having a look round a few websites, checking out the options. There’s some lovely kit out there and far more choice than when I was a middle distance running teenager. Here’s a few things I found on Sweatshop, my favourite running gear website:
There Will Be Blood
As well as the compatibility with the new iPad and version of iOS, there are a few other new implementations and bug fixes of note. Center focus has been much improved, and you can now draw specific attention to the subject of your snap by tweaking the brightness of the inner or outer area of your image. Presets have also been added to the fray in order to help give users a starting point, as well as save valuable time.
Contact your local police for more details about this.
Musee d’Orsay – This museum may not be the massive size of Louvre, but its Impressionist collection is among the best in the world. The museum is housed in a former rail station, and has the atmosphere and personality to match. The Musee d’Orsay attracts 2.1 million visitors annually.
It was amazing. They were going to give her, what we would have called in the "olden days" a ticket. Not a computerised one. But a paper one.
And, just because the amazing Kasmira requested it, here is a video I helped some friends make. I actually won an acting award for this. In the words of my sister: "No fucking way."
"Now then, Captain" he starts, "You have been with Starfleet for some time. "You could take voluntary redundancy. It would save trouble for someone else."
I also finished a Prairie Schooler Snowman ornament. This was my first time to finish as a little hornbook. (My husband made the hornbook for me.) It was a struggle. I kept cutting down the cardboard to make it smaller, but I think I should have gone a little smaller yet.
Wayne has had a headache for 5 days, and he couldn't handle the pounding music any longer.
When they are that little and learning, when they want to do it, the opportunity has to be there!!
Thanks for the note,
‘LIBERTY of thought, expression, belief, faith and worship.’
I thought about putting a couple of larger plates on the shelf but then I would be overlapping them and I'd like to see the entire plate.
Get ‘em while you can, I say. Keep my hobby alive!
NEW: Blood Sausage – 1
LA: I guess so. We were over at SXSW last year and we were on a Scottish bill for one of the shows with The Twilight Sad. Actually, I follow Aidan Moffat on Twitter, he’s a very funny Twitist. He was going to some awards show recently and mentioned that the only thing he’d heard of on the bill was our band and I didn’t even know he was aware of us.
Our hostesses this month were LJ for the Divas and Terry for the Dazzlers. Their theme for this month was masculine and I have to say I just loooove the sentiments that LJ sent us!!! Both the image and sentiments are from A*Muse Art Stamps. Oh, and the DSP from Little Yellow Bicycle.... was absolutely divine along with fabulous embellies!
422500 Farm product raw materials
“This is potentially a large financial budget of European funding for which Wales is eligible to make bids, and it’s important we get a substantial share of it.
Job Description: Utah Pride is seeking a skilled and experienced trainer to provide LGBTQ training to professionals and community members. This person will actively build understanding and capacity for informed service delivery and increase the cultural competency of professionals throughout the state and in youth serving institutions – including Utah’s child welfare system. The Community Educator will be a part of our Advocacy and Education Department. This individual should bring 2-3 years training experience, an understanding of experiential methodology, a experience in interactive curriculum design and the know how to engage a wide range of audiences in various learning environments. This staff person will support other projects, educational panels, serve as an agency representative in community coalitions and represent Utah Pride in local and national settings.
Get a load of these teachers:
The Tale of the Fortunate Rope-Maker
Written By: Ken Hulsey
I don’t like you feeling afraid of the future.
We still need to add the base shoe and grout the tile area so ignore the gnarliness at the bottom as it will be covered.
There was no ceremony. No formal goodbye.
Thank U (Hummelstown)
And if I dream in a really crazy way I would hope to live in a new city every 2 months for 2 years. That would be my ideal coo coo la la lifestyle. Not sure how that would work when I have a ticking time clock baby making machine built in but it's a dream, nonetheless. Each year feels like the gap to have kids gets smaller and smaller and the anxiety inside gets bigger and bigger. I don't know if I'll ever be ready for my dream of motherhood to come. Although, I do want it real bad... someday. Especially with that boy of mine. He's pretty much the greatest.
I have some pictures to post from last Saturday, which I will post forthwith. I am pleased that lately pictures of me have been turning out fairly decent, though I have been making an effort to give the "wide eyed half Mona Lisa thinking far away thoughts" smile every time a camera is pointed at me. It hides my stark fear at the prospect of yet another crappy photo being taken.
1 formation
The problem is that gluten-free vegan bread is hard to come by and what is out there just doesn't measure up to gluten breads. Sure, I have my loaf of brown rice bread in the freezer and once in a while, Tom toasts it up for my breakfast. I get these 2 teeny-tiny squares of plank bread that can have you volunteering to go on a no-carb diet.
In the Combine's HQ, they receive a giftbox but when they open it, several bats fly out and they find a note from Batman warning them about activating the Terminators.
The Summer Show Project offers the unique chance for artists to work directly with FOLEYgallery. The exhibition will feature one artist that works with photography and one artist that makes works on paper.
James S. A. Corey is a pseudonym for Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck that looks like it will be Space Opera series with legs. The cover is awesome and the world has been in development for years as an RPG from Franck. This is the first in The Expanse series.
Out where the river broke
European Union Council Directive 92/85/EEC (19 October 1992). The introduction of measures to encourage improvements in the safety and health at work of pregnant workers and workers who have recently given birth or are breastfeeding.
Hypocrisy can afford to be magnificent in its promises; for never intending to go beyond promises; it costs nothing. – Edmund Burke
I am entitled to a place at the Heavenly table, and a part in ushering in the Kingdom of heaven now. More justice, more mercy, more peace, more life, today. If I want to. If I choose it. I am entitled to the truly good things of life, the fruit of the Spirit even. But if I want more joy, love, peace, patience etc. then I must make room.
Even though we have no less than five sets of currency in circulation – the
We have said nothing, quite simply, because it’s nothing to do with Britain, and therefore nothing to do with the British National Party. That is the simple answer to the number of newer readers who have emailed recently to ask why this website has said nothing about the current number one international news topic - Israel’s targeted but massive air and ground response to indiscriminate but relatively feeble Hamas missile strikes on Israeli civilians.
“Getting more of the brain to work to produce a complex movement is plausibly beneficial for overall brain function. Maybe it is the motor equivalent of building a cognitive reserve by learning to play the cello at 55 years old or doing crossword puzzles.
1/2 tsp natural vanilla flavor
At first, the Italian police attributed this terrorist act to the Red Brigades, but ultimately Gladio was pronounced guilty. A month and a half later, during Oktoberfest in Munich, there was another act of terror. Colonel Klaus Fishner, a former employee of the counter-intelligence service of Stasi, said: “The task was to create tension in NATO countries and to suppress any political left-wing deviation.” As we can see, that was the mission, aimed at justifying the existence of the secret army.
grows substantial and
WordArt by ME!!!
Hope you have all had a great weekend.
The Rogues Gallery: The Cloven Hoof Syndicate is shaping up nicely. Based on how things are developing, I expect this to be a very late December release or a January release. Paris Crenshaw is doing a remarkable job and I think you will enjoy what he has in store.
TRI/Princeton to Hold Fifth International Conference on Applied Hair ScienceConference Organizers Call for Abstracts and Sponsors
Want to join me?
are your days unusually warm? how are you spending them?
One problem.
I did, for a while, belong to the church going Christian community and though I am still crazy passionate about God.
Dig plenty of organic matter in to your soil on a regular basis as this helps retain moisture.
Earn $2 rr
Most people struggle with “where to start”.
Thanks for stopping by :) I would like to enter this into the following challenges:
WE EXTEND our hand to all neighboring states and their peoples in an offer of peace and good neighborliness, and appeal to them to establish bonds of cooperation and mutual help with the sovereign Jewish people settled in its own land. The State of Israel is prepared to do its share in a common effort for the advancement of the entire Middle East.
My house sounds and looks like an Adirondack TB hospital. The children are sitting around wrapped in blankets coughing like emphysematic smokers while their dutiful nurse scurrys from patient to patient dispensing antipyretics like precious shots of Kentucky bourbon. Thankfully, none of them are exhibiting severe or troubling signs beyond elevated temps and yucky coughs.
We have found ourselves quite smitten with butterflies lately. First, there was the tent caterpillar we found at the park. We brought it home to observe it, and placed it in one of our bug-studying habitats. It was so active and had such interesting markings. I was looking forward to trying to get a good photo of it, but surprise! we woke up in the morning to find it had formed a cocoon. And about two weeks later, we woke up to find the cocoon empty. (Sadly, I didn't get a good picture of the moth either. It's so annoying when nature won't comply with my compulsive need to document everything!)
One of the more interesting developments referred to in passing above is the fact that FTI Consulting has taken on Richard Kershaw from Catalyst in Hong Kong. Richard is one of the big beasts of Far Eastern eDiscovery, and his engagement is a significant pointer to FTI’s increased interest in the region. I knew that they had an important new hire in prospect to add to their growing team, and had idly scribbled Richard’s name down as the most likely candidate. I am glad to have been proved right, and I look forward to seeing the effect on FTI’s presence in Hong Kong.
“The timing couldn’t be better,” Bush said. “This project will generate significant revenue in direct and indirect spinoffs. Many business sectors stand to gain, from hotels and restaurants to tourist attractions and transport. There are other benefits … it will result in extra revenue collected from duty, employment for local contractors and other opportunities for Caymanians and an increase in tourism.”
and take me to my Mrs. Claws!
..and in the midst of these blessings =), there is ministry, sisters, gatherings, and a busy four letter word called Life.
HARMONY: Muhyiddin shares a light moment with Sri Aman students yesterday — Pic: Ashraf Shamsul Azlan
You probably shouldn't plan on leaving the house for Oscars viewing until you hear our fashion tips. That goes for you too, Anna Wintour.
( a salt scrub dries out our skin...its salt, makes sense right :-)
This 8 keg beer geek only has 4 empty kegs now with 5 brews in the pipeline. Sweet!
I am back today with an entry to the Monday memories prompt. This weeks idea was remember a gift you have been given.
I think, I am also lucky because my parents have not been traditional Malays, especially my mother who raised me. There was of course some talk of Malay superstition, “don’t sing in the kitchen or you’ll get an old husband” sort of stuff. Of course, I was always singing in the kitchen, and as of yet, have never had a relationship with anyone older than me. Maybe they meant I would get married when I was old, and therefore have an old husband? Mixed with that, there were Western superstitions. My mother would actually turn around if a black cat passed in front of her. This went on until I got my cat Zorro who was really probably the devil incarnate, but after he walked past my mother a few times a day and no evil luck befell her, she gave up that particular superstition. It was an interesting way to grow up, at the very least.
Rating: 5 out of 5
I'm really, really big. Seriously. As big as you think I am, double that and add three Chinas.
Standing in the street in nothing but panties, dirt caked to her little knees and hands, at about seven years old Victoriya was on her own. This would be the theme of her life for the next nine years. Her mother did not want her and there was no father in the picture. Even though she wanted her mother, she didn’t like the string of boyfriends that had come and gone.
seducing shadows
The Robust Fiend of the Spring of the Field of Berries and Briars
2. In the meantime, drizzle a good knob of olive oil in a pan and bring to medium heat. Add in your garlic and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are translucent and garlic is starting to brown.
My favorite examples of grammatical borrowings are two strange formations found only in Welsh and English: the auxiliary ‘do’ verb for questions and negatives (Where do you live?; I don’t know), and the progressive present tense as the default present tense (“I am eating“; not: “I eat”, like in almost every other language). Anyway, most of the grammatical features, syntax, semantics, etc., are more interesting to linguists; ‘normal’ people are generally more interested by words. ’Vocabulary’ (Latin vocabularius) and ‘lexicon’ (Greek lexikon) both have the same etymological meaning of ‘words’, which first came from the verb ‘to speak’ in both examples. Given that there are so many words in English, and so many speakers (and readers), perhaps it would be interesting to know how many words the average speaker knows. Surely it is impossible for anyone to reach even a quarter of the supposed million-word threshold, especially considering that a great percentage of those are technical and specialized words or jargon.
In the final part of our interview with Tan Sri Tengku Azlan Sultan Abu Bakar, he reminds both politicians and the Royal Houses that there is a clear demarcation of roles.
It is January 1st and time to introduce a new Blogger of the Month!
Gold Snake Staff –a Snake Potion must be placed upon it to remove it. Once removed, the Staff can belong to the hero that removes it. It is worth 8 Gold.
On this piece of vellum, I embossed the corner with just a piece of the Impressabilities which I inked up with Dye Ink (CTMH Spring Iris Ink)-the Letterpress Technique. The dye ink gives it a soft look.
Lightly coat 12 standard muffin cups w/cooking spray or line w/paper bake cups. In a large bowl, stir together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Cut in the shortening into the flour mixture.
Library statistics can not be changed unless libraries change. Libraries can not be changed unless communities, users and educational institutions change. But this is hardly a problem. Our environment is changing before our eyes.
What you can do: Beginning September 2004, U.S. supermarkets are required to label salmon as farmed or wild. We suggest that you choose wild, rather than farmed salmon, and if purchasing chinook salmon, choose Alaskan chinook.(October 10, 2004)
I have come to the conclusion that lepers are simply make believe creatures, like the unicorn, the griffin, and the platypus. If they do exist, it’d be difficult for them to fully blend in, especially in the business world. If you find someone who refuses to shake your hand, perhaps they might suffer from leprosy. A man who regularly shuns high fives must be a leper.
Heat large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the teaspoon of oil, swirling to coat the base of the pan. Place the portobellos face down, and let cook until they just start to release their liquid, approximately 5 minutes. Add the wine, letting it cook off almost completely. Add a cup or so of water, the vegetable base, carrot, celery, onion, thyme, and a few good shakes of freshly ground pepper. Bring to a boil and then reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, until mushrooms are braised through, approximately 45 minutes to an hour. Remove mushrooms from broth and set aside. Strain broth into a separate saucepan.
skin sloughing like a fat, burnt snake,
I don't mind a screen taking up a specific area of a pub if there is something important on (and there was I admit) but the screen is situated in the middle of the pub. As soon as the coverage started the whole pub became a sea of gawping and gasping and groaning - the pub practically became the fixture. I don't get that at all.
1 acceptable
There’s loads of choice for the expert panel, how about blowing a load of license fee money on bringing Dame Julie Andrews over. She originally played Eliza and was controversially overlooked for the film when Audrey Hepburn got the role. Having Julie (the original Eliza) would help to dispel the default preference for Audrey lookalikes.
Time for another challenge over at Whoopsie Daisy and this time we want you to use a Tag whether it is a stand alone tag or a tag on a card it's up to you. My teamies have come up with some amazing projects this week - quite breathtaking.
How is this list helpful to writers?
In our fecklessness, we passed the early time of the venture exchanging comments back and forth with the other participants: “Nice looking rubber” or “You wanna drag?”
21. bugs
Yes, it was time for my quarterly visit to get my iron levels checked – the joys of being an anaemic runner. I hate going, mainly because I feel a bit of a fraud sitting among the genuinely poorly people. But on the other hand it gives me a chance to do one of my favourite things- people watch. And boy is there a variety of people to watch in Pinderfields.
Fulton was way ahead of his time on this one, and the the concept was "a popular subject of ridicule, both in social circles and in the press," according to an 1898 Eagle article recalling the weapon's history.
So we proclaim Wednesday, October 20 as the Spina Bifida Kids Worldwide Day of Prayer. We believe in the power of prayer, and we are excited at the prospect of many people praying at the same time for these unborn babies. We moms can make a difference individually and collectively, but that is nothing compared to the change that can come if we have God on our side.
He answered, “Yes, Lord, you know that I love you.”
lay me gently in the earth,
I don't want to listen to someone mourning the last episode of gossip girl or how their life is ending because they can't afford a chanel bag.
IT IS TERRIBLE!
MAJOR inspiration pictures from the selby
I do have to say that campaign play is always going to be my main fun and focus. I just love having time for characters and situations to be developed through ongoing gameplay. For these more or less one shots (although this is the second time running the same character for both Terry and another guy, so I try to collect the character sheets at the end to keep them in case somebody plays again in the future), I just think in terms of several encounter situations and loosely tie them together. There isn’t a ton of time for sandboxing.
In a big pan pour 4 cups water and after it starts boiling, stop the stove and put the soya chunks in it. Leave it for 3 mins. Drain the water and squeeze all the water from the soya. Be careful since it will be very hot. So cool it a little and squeeze. Do this method again to remove the raw smell in the soya nuggets. Then chop each one into 2 pieces.
A) Not funny. Because Magic is in his 50s now.
(Room Conversation —August 16, 1976, Bombay)
I got an email on Tuesday from his Grandson that he passed away Monday night.
Just when you think you have met the most beautiful woman, another one shows up and overturns the tables.
Be sad and disappointed in oneself. But, also remember that most of my freshmen haven’t dropped out and that my seniors are more ready for college than they were a year ago.
People are always shocked that he is 14 months. They say, oh, but he's so tall. Well he looks tall. Because he is ridiculously skinny. People say, oh, he looks so grown up. Because he has no baby fat.
Let me explain, I go by my middle name for the past 3 yrs now. Something that kinda happened once I moved to Sacramento. It was supposed to be my first name but my grandma said it was too close to my brothers name and people would confuse us o_O oooookay. So first LEGAL name is Sharifa. Its Swahili and means; Honorable and Noble. My middle name is Jasara meaning Pure at heart. So those who know me as Sharifa have nick names from Rif (thanks to "Cheech" from work, this is what most call me at the J.O.B), Rifa (haha, i'm sure you can imagine the conotations along with this one!) Rif-dog ( which was what the husband typically calls me ) and for those who know me as Jasara... well Jay, Jazzie and Jaas have all come into play. And ofcourse, Mom by my kiddos. :)
It is very funny. Not laugh-out-loud funny (although Sarge and Hedgie do), with the exception of the stinky cheese episode, but titter funny. I enjoy a wildly funny book, some favorites being P.J. O'Rourke's works ("Holidays in Hell" and "Give War a Chance" to name a couple), and Woody Allen's "Without Feathers." I have been known to laugh myself giddy over those. Not so "Three Men" and I suppose I will leave it at that.
Also, this post is prepared ahead of time and I’m telling you this and ruining the illusion because I’m seeing The Hunger Games tonight and I’m very, very excited. I will probably be exuberant about it tomorrow if you catch me on G+, Facebook, or Twitter. I read the entire trilogy a few weeks ago and I loved it. The movie looks amazing. I’m kind of squeeing, at least as much as my sardonic and stoic countenance can squee.
We pulled into a lookout with a view of the Hollywood valley. A couple of kids in the car next to us were making out. I hoped Howard didn’t have any ideas. I wasn’t ready to let our relationship go that far yet.
So she came running to Simon Peter and the other disciple, the one Jesus loved, and said, “They have taken the Lord out of the tomb, and we don’t know where they have put him!” So Peter and the other disciple started for the tomb. Both were running, but the other disciple outran Peter and reached the tomb first. He bent over and looked in at the strips of linen lying there but did not go in. Then Simon Peter came along behind him and went straight into the tomb. He saw the strips of linen lying there, as well as the cloth that had been wrapped around Jesus’ head. The cloth was still lying in its place, separate from the linen. Finally the other disciple, who had reached the tomb first, also went inside. He saw and believed. (John 20:2–8)
How about you stop spoiling before I can eat you? I have managed to throw away wonderful food stuffs out of my refridgerator all because I didn’t have the time nor memory to eat you. If you never went bad this would not be a problem.
- My schedule didn't permit me to continue with the bread in one continuous session, so I put the dough in a rising bucket and straight into my fridge. The dough was warm, and it rose as it cooled in the fridge - when I checked on it later I saw that it had nearly doubled!
All action-movie heroes are superhuman, because they do the impossible, and usually do it alone. The quality of an action movie, then, comes down to how believably these men and women can achieve unbelievable things. By this measure, The Black Pirate is a success. Its star, Douglas Fairbanks, does it all, and because he is Fairbanks: athlete, lover, fighter, thinker, we always buy it. There is, however, one thing even he cannot do, and that’s carry scenes he isn’t in. And unfortunately for us, there’s a few too many of those in The Black Pirate.
I know the whole traditional vs. self-publishing thing is a hot button right now. There are people on both sides who are completely convinced that choosing one path over the other may equate to writer-cide. (Erm, read: death of your writing career by way of foolhardy decision making.) When one does well in traditional, THAT is the path you should take... when a bestseller comes from the independent side, THAT is the path you should choose.
Ben has ‘built’ The Harvest around the backbone of his Bridge Road Australian Ale and that in itself is a fair base to work from. Aiming, in a way, for that rich strength of flavour and aroma found in many good US and New Zealand craft beers, The Harvest delivers in bucket loads. This may be due to the amount as well as the quality of this new hop. As Ben told me, “Had to keep adding more (hop flowers) and ended up throwing pellets at it as well ... wasn’t getting enough from the whole flowers and was worried about getting them out of the tank.”
This is total bunk. Human beings are born free. No one comes into this world owing anybody anything, especially by some complete accident of birth.
– Bird
SPANISH POTATOES WITH SAUSAGE
1/2-tsp. ground black pepper
“The arrested men are radical Islamists who have been fighting in Afghanistan and Pakistan against NATO and they will be charged with terrorism,” Gordana Jankulovska said.
How clothes fit: Just getting tighter and tighter as my wardrobe quickly shrinks down to about 5 different outfits. Luckily I rotate through the same few work outfits every day, so it only gets frustrating on the weekends when I’m trying to wear my “real” clothes. It looks like skirts and dresses may be the way to go this summer!
Now I just have to re-sell those flights to get my $500 bucks back. That's really my only out of pocket expense.
As the best nail polish. Ever.
the entire day
This is 2 days worth of work, I've just about finished with the pencil rendering (some trees to be added to the horizon), then it will be sealed, then I'll get into the acrylic washes. I'm working with it leaning up against the dining table while I sit on the floor in front, probably not the best way to go about it, but I couldn't get it on the easel at the right height to sit at. The canvas is 91cm square, and I intend to have a fair bit of white space. I haven't worked out how I'm going to incorporate the text of the poem yet though, what style writing and whether I should do it in pencil, or pen and ink, though I think it should be either grey or sepia toned. Beauty's hair seems to be taking on a slightly tree-like look which I quite like, though it wasn't intentional. I struggled with the folds of the sheet though, I REALLY can't do draping cloth! It has to be finished by the end of the week, so no time to stop and procrastinate about which way I should go, which is probably a blessing!
Steve stood frozen as Trent shouldered past him, trotting along the sand. “What?”
Below is a rundown of the movements and techniques taught in aikido.
In this movie, MI-6 receives an offer of a “new” high-end Russian cypher machine, and although they are sure the offer is an entrapment, the prize is just to good to ignore. Little do they know that SPECTRE, the Special Executive for Counter-Intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge, and Extortion, is playing both the USSR and the USA to get the machine and kill Bond.
And then having the courage and conviction to work out what we need to do to hit the Green One!
My exuberance for the bourbon prompted Mary Ellen to buy the bottle as a gift for me. We left the store and I stowed the bottles she purchased in the back of my Element and we headed off to Gueros for margaritas prior to a stop at High Ball for dinner.
The last time I wrote, I had just been to the hospital and had tests run for gestational hypertension. The following day after all that happened we got a phone call from the hospital asking us to come back to L&D. We had just got done shopping at Costco so we quickly dropped off all our goods, let the dogs out, and then made our way back to the hospital.
Maybe you are the instrument who is left behind to perpetuate the life that was lost and appreciate the time you had with them to do it
- White Pizza w/ mushrooms & truffles, Chop salad bite, chocolate truffle
Robinson mapped everything – the locations of buildings, what those buildings housed, who owned them, how often people visited, what their local history was, even what tectonic and mineral lineage the rocks themselves contained.
Weirdly enough, JP told me tonight at dinner that Roger, our contractor, made some mention about how I come across as intimidatingly smart. This shocked me because (1) I do not think I am at all intimidating for any reason and have actually worried in professional, opposing party type situations that I come off as too friendly and (2) the only conversations I've had with Roger involve measurements and picturing things that aren't yet built and I am absolutely terrible at that. We had to put a piece of paper on the floor and draw a diagram of our master shower from two different perspectives- that's how much I couldn't grasp the concept of our new bench. I think it must be because he's only seen me in suits and heels whereas he sees JP working in burnt orange basketball shorts and a t-shirt. The same burnt orange basketball shorts and t-shirt ever single day. I had to explain last night that "working from home" is not an excuse to forgo bathing and laundry.
And sniffled in spite of himself.
There were second place finishes in Argentina, San Marino and Britain and fine performances led to nothing from Japan in a trademark Alesi surge through the field, Spain with a blown V12 engine and again at Monza, as wheel bearing failure denied him another potential success on tifosi homeland. Alesi broke down in tears after this event. However there were no such issues at the Canadian Grand Prix.
This past month, Logan has continued to grow so much in the vocabulary department. In fact during our visit to Oregon this past weekend, I swear he learned 10 more words!! He regularly talks about Elmo and his favorite Sesame Street friends, and is also verbalizing his favorite foods "peas", "blues (berries)", "Cheese", "wa wa" and lets us know when he has finished by saying 'ah duh"... he also has picked up a couple other phrases such as "Happy Bees" (a favorite song in our house), and 'bye mama" and "I Of You!". And the best of all, over the past week he has begun searching for one of us saying "mama, are you?" His little voice is just so darn sweet and most of all, I LOVE LOVE LOVE how he has an ear to ear smile when he knows he is being heard and understood. It feels that all we are doing is clapping and praising.... just as it should be in raising little ones!!
Seldom as we’ll assume that “They Should”, ” Their responsibility”….
The "city purse" needs to hug close to my body when I'm digging through bins at my favorite GW Outlet, or trying on shoes at the Nordstrom Rack; and it needed to distribute weight evenly when I'm walking downtown.
I spent some time in the Toggery yesterday..making sure photos were turned right side up and everything was in it’s proper place. I could spend a week in this room. Everything should be moved and cleaned under and around. There are boxes and even some old suitcases shoved under displays that contain clothing. And hat boxes galore…I really need a volunteer to adopt this room too! Someone who is as energetic and excited as Tom my Library Volunteer..he showed up every morning this past week!
Released from class: 12:45
- Bobby Bare, Jr. (Rockin' singer songwriter type)
Finally, after a lot of campaigning, organising, lobbying and discussion, money was finally scraped together and made available from various sources to begin work on making it a usable resource once again.
Lifted his yellow beak at last
I love to giggle and play with my dog Sully
“I have travelled all this way for nothing,” Stade said.
It wasn’t long before “Ring, Ring, RI-I-I-NG. Ring, Ring, RI-I-I-NG. The phone once again began to ring.
In the role of the Avox, I say nothing; I don’t have to. My son begins to speak, and does not stop . . ..
Murray SB, Skull SA. Poor health care worker vaccination coverage and knowledge of vaccination recommendations in a tertiary Australia hospital. Australian & New Zealand Journal of Public Health 2002; 26: 65-68.
“Agent Coulson kept those cards in his locker, not in his jacket.”
That the site seems aimed almost exclusively at teenage boys didn’t surprise. Hell, I go to any site expecting that. ‘Cuz, you know, young white guys are the default people and anyone else is some weird other. But that it was so glaringly unfunny was kind of a shock.
18 stop
The novel has already had praise heaped upon it by a number of notable authors including Fay Weldon and Joanne Harris.
Just follow this step-by-step guide to Conversing with Marginalised People™ and in no time at all you will have a fool-proof method of derailing every challenging conversation you may get into, thus reaping the full benefits of every privilege that you have.
Anyway, it's a little sad to know that many girls/people here (and in other places) wish that they were lighter. I guess from where I'm standing, I think all different skin types are beautiful. I may go on and on about how gorgeous people are in India and Nicaragua and places like that, but that doesn't mean that I necessarily wish I looked like them. I'm fine with my skin color and it's sad that some people aren't.
My super cute, trendy hair stylist with the purple highlights and the bedazzled eyelashes convinced me.
Now, to what could he possibly be referring?
by Lauren
Did you pause? To see? To stare in awe?
Warning: below are 3 graphic videos from rebels who celebrating the death of Gadhafi. Considered disturbing.I know his death is a blessing to many but these videos are a little scary to be honest.
Lizzy & I will whip up a few yummies.
4a. DON'T BRING YOUR LITTLE KIDS ON THEIR LITTLE WOBBLY BIKES OUT INTO TRAFFIC WITH YOU. Every single one of you who thinks that they're 'training' their children to ride in town by doing this should be cited for gross child endangerment. I cannot tell you how many times I have seen the following scenarios:
I made the pesto, threw the sandwiches on the griddle, and by the time I was done loading the dishwasher, I had perfect Italian sandwich love ready for eating. Now that's my kind of dinner, folks.
The other night, Frank was watching that new zombie series on AMC, "The Walking Dead." At one point, a ~10yo boy spots his zombified mother outside the house. He bursts into tears, and his father tries to quiet him because, hey, if the zombies hear them, things are going to get ugly. What was interesting was that the scriptwriters chose to have the father respond compassionately. He snuggled his son close, spoke in loving tones, and offered the boy a pillow so he could cry into that.
In one scene Spooner tries to destroy Hurst's grasp of the past: by querying if he did have the wife he has been boasting of. In the following Scene Hurst produces a photograph album which he seems to offer as evidence against Spooner's attempt to deny him the past of his reminiscences or conceiving. Is he getting back at Spooner or reassuring himself?
When triggered, I experience a lot of pain. However time has done wonders for my affliction. There was a time when there were more foods I could not eat than ones I could. Now, it’s hard for me to find a food that I can’t eat.
Do you think the government as a corporation cares one ounce whether or not a mom-and-pop store closes its doors after 30 years in business? No. It either already owns the land and building that business is on, or is interested in buying it once the shops go out of business. Land ownership is the goal, not some meager monthly rent. Power comes with ownership.
Beware of the Dog
After discussing the practical difficulties in translation, as each language has some etymological nuances that cannot be exactly translated, he explained the importance of translation with the following examples:
That small amount of selfless sacrifice carried me through the routine until it came time to blow-dry my hair. I stood in front of the mirror, trying as hard as humanly possible not to wonder if the acid slime monster was going to drop from the ceiling onto my head. My mind is the sort that dwells on things, you see. It’s not enough for me to frighten myself by reading about demons and ghosts and acid slime monsters. No, my mind constantly returns to their horrific existence, and most frequently it does this when I’m alone. (You want to know the real reason I still live at home? There it is. I am afraid to be alone.) The slime monster in Phantoms had devoured its victims by spraying them with corrosive acid. My imagination drifted again as I thought about the phrase “corrosive acid.” I pictured myself caught unawares, face contorted in terror as a slimy oozy terrifying THING descended upon me. Would it eat my hands first, to prevent me scraping it off, I wondered. Or would it immediately dissolve my face, burning me horribly and destroying my gorgeousness? Maybe it would slither around my ankles and then slurp its way up onto my torso. Or what if it jumped out from behind the-
That’s right – we said 30% off everything*. For a store that does not often run sales, this is a pretty big deal. You can get the sale on Sacs, Covers, Other Comfy Stuff (blankets, pillows, Nooder and friends, slippers), and even Sactionals. That’s right: you can get your dream living room at one of the best rates you’ll ever see in our store, all for the first hour of Black Friday. And of course, you can’t forget the limited edition packages. SuperSac Cow Phur Packages will be $599, while CitySac Cow Phur Packages will be $399.
No family. 2 friends. Nothing else.
After F.W. de Klerk opened the floodgates and these criminals were allowed back in SA, along with Nigerian drug lords, we saw gang wars in 1996 with hand grenades chucked over garden walls, etc.
I am going to work to spend less on Gas, utilities and products NOT made in the USA. (as best I can). I’m also going to carefully consider whom I choose to vote for in elections and make sure that their priority and loyalties are to the American working families.
where several well-known Washington Post writers and reporters were scheduled to speak.
The clouds clasp the gadgets of light and invert a chain of signifiers into the dawn-mist sea
Jami: Thank you for letting me share. My husband, Jim, is a graphic designer, and our son, Tate, is in first grade at the school where I teach. We live in southeastern Kansas and have a great support system.
*Players can win prizes, including the Today's Special product or a gift card, by being the fastest to complete the daily “Today’s Special Jigsaw Puzzle” and receiving the best score.
"In the autumn some people can call up clearly in their mind's eye the vision of what a certain landscape looked like in the spring. It is natural for them to notice these things, and to make these comparisons or associations. When they are talking to people, they do not attend very particularly to the tones of the voice, and they are perhaps not particularly interested in what is being said, but they are watching and remembering and comparing what other people never notice at all, even in the faces of people that they love - the movement of the eyelids, the little tricks of the lips, the poise and movement of the head, and so on.
Pookie behaves like a human for the moment, she shares her time between bed and computer. It's still too cold for her to go outside.
My very first love was books. As a little girl I hauled books home from our small local library by the wagon load. The primary pleasure of my childhood was reading. I spent hours and hours laying on my bed reading, surrounded by a muddle of books. This is still the kind of muddle I like best.
God used a thief to continue what he began in Eden. The Messiah must come. Jesus must be born in Bethlehem. Esau forfeited the birthright and God did not tell Jacob..”You need to return the birthright to the rightful owner. Give it back to Esau. I cannot work with this.”
The animals agreed that this made sense. There was no reason a pineapple should challenge a hare unless it had a clever plan of some sort. So the animals, wanting to back a winner, all cheered for the pineapple.
It's a leisurely hour's walk, taking in two smaller islands - Little Eye and Middle Eye (which has a gorgeous little beach, enticingly springy turf and great views.) It takes another hour to have a good look around Hilbre.
Hey there!! Its Saturday and that means time for another ODBD Shining the Light challenge! With Earth Day occurring on Sunday the 22nd the challenge this week is to "go green". This means that you can use green on your project or you can use some type of recycled item on your project.
This afternoon, Vic and I popped into see Trish and Teresa of Tales of the Fallen for a close up of their lovely collection. Beautiful cotton, lace inserts, stretch leather (the skirt is freaking amazing) and a really pretty rope-nautical print.
The key argument that decided the last vote and the similar votes in the House of Lords in 2006 and 2009 is a simple one: 'The right to die can so easily become the duty to die.'
Those snaps matter.
I have waited a day before posting this thinking I would add more and that’s not happening right now so I will post this and just put it out there. And maybe I will add more to this thought chain later.
Right now I feel like I am being urged to be still and listen. I have spent so much of my life making decisions for me, rarely thinking about the fact that only He knows what is best for my life and that He has a better plan for me. True to child form, I have made so many mistakes but through all this, I am learning. I am learning to be still, to listen and to wait to find out what's next. My heart is soft; I'm ready.
My nine-year-old did the poem collage below. He picked his favorite topic, candy. (Yes, I know that "candy's" should be "candies" but we don't worry about spelling errors at this point in the game, remember?) His forms include an acrostic, a haiku, an ode, and a simple ABAB rhyme scheme.
McMillen proposes something out of the Sarbanes-Oxley law he voted for while in Congress.
Here are the profiles for a few of these students…
Note: I received a review copy of this book from the publisher, but was under no obligation to post a review. My comments, as always, are my own.
My neice is on Facebook. She's kinda bent out of shape, talking obliquely about her son and a mysterious "label". I send her a note.
The story of Jesus is a very beautiful one. It is the story of the God of all gods who had a change of heart towards mankind and it's during this change of heart that He decided He would change the way things were, for the better, once and for all. Knowing that only the blood of the most powerful God could save mankind from unworthiness and judgment, He sent His Son into the world for the human race in an effort to show He would sacrifice His own Son if it meant the eternal pardon of mankind from unworthiness and judgment, and on His Son's flesh and bone, were embedded all the pitfalls and downfalls of mankind. By His Son's blood, all sin was dismissed, for all time. The veil separating God from man was torn and from that day on, mankind has never been unworthy! The price was paid and the ultimate sacrifice was made. The only part that humanity had to take in this grand plan, was to only believe that it all happened, and why.
51. Five Flavors of Dumb Antony John
I can make a mean cinnamon roll. And oh, sweet baked goods, how I love them.
“Nothing did more to spur the boom in stocks than the decision made by the New York Federal Reserve bank, in the spring of 1927, to cut the rediscount rate. Benjamin Strong, Governor of the bank, was chief advocate of this unwise measure, which was taken largely at the behest of Montagu Norman of the Bank of England….At the time of the Banks action I warned of its consequences….I felt that sooner or later the market had to break.” – Money baron Bernard Baruch in Baruch: The Public Years (1960)
Or perhaps that you were trying to do a “bboy” style shoulder spin in your sleep? Nah, me neither.
Here are the layouts (click on any photo to see it larger and in more detail). I've shared the details of the class, the kits, and how to participate after the photos. If you are not familiar with my Play Group classes, scroll down the left side of my blog until you find the section called "Play Group Information" and read away! Enjoy!
Our tree, however, is a perfect story book fir, a thickly prickly deep green cone. It is decorated with a mixture of gorgeous danish filigree ornaments (thanks to my mother-in-law's excellent Christmas taste), and a hotchpotch of other items; precious preschool offerings, some wooden jungle animals, the mini mirrored disco balls I picked up in the Haight a few years back, my beloved disembodied cat heads, a variety of spangled vehicles and, the new additions, a couple of crocheted octopi from a recent craft fair.
Actress, NYPD Blue, BD 1/21/1968
I wanted to share with you what our county does each year for our children. Each school in the county has a health fair. Students from The University Of Alabama come in mass and do all kinds of screenings on our children.
Fundamentally, the producer’s job is to help you achieve the recording that you (and your label) set out to make. This may sound like the engineer’s role, but many elements other than purely sonic clarity go into the crafting of your final product. On the music side of things, these may include songwriting and arrangement adjustments, as well as coaching musicians and coaxing peak musical performances. In the control room, there are decisions to be made about sonic treatment and creative mixes, while style and popular idiom must be addressed in anticipation of marketing the disc. In short, the producer must keep an eye on the Big Picture. The engineer is already quite busy with the technical side of things, and isn’t necessarily listening with a view to the ultimate creative goals of the project. Further, recognize that it is extremely hard for any artist to maintain this view while in the thick of recording. This view requires an objectivity which is unfair to expect of yourself while pouring your heart into your performances. In essence, the producer is there to help keep you on track. The producer is the go-between: translating the artists’ needs, the engineers technical point of view, and sometimes the label’s interests.
AKA has recently added a number of new Sakes to their list, such as the Sato No Homare (<U+0093>Pride of the Village<U+0094>) for $10/glass and the Hakushika Yamadanishiki for $6/glass. The Sato No Homare is a favorite of mine, made in a sake brewery that is over 860 years old! What a taste of history.
Those who opposed the Matthew Shepard Act in the manner they did were defeated, because it is indefensible to argue that a law should not protect a particular group, however, that is what the law already does and why the law itself is indefensible. The exclusion of whites from the protection of hate crimes legislation is indefensible, and results entirely from bigotry and racial prejudice on the part of the left wing zealots who drafted the law.
VIVULI: Damn, maybe we should sell this mine before anyone figures out there's hell at the bottom of it.
Desmond smiles-"So what's her name?"
Box 6:
One of our two tour buses was under repair causing the twelve member administrative crew to pile on the entertainers bus for the two mile ride to the hotel. It was uncomfortable.
Next Issue: Geoffrey Lewis, Linda Hunt, Indians, sickness and NUNS WITH GUNS!!!
“…I thought if I survive all this I’ll go to the house…apologies to the mother and accept whatever punishment she chooses for me…prison, death… it didn’t matter… because at least…I wouldn’t be in fucking Bruges…but then like a flash it came to me… fuck man, maybe that’s what hell is…an entire eternity spent in fucking Bruges.”
Q. Medical problems?
Waiting for the day
With Excellent Cutting!
Common cause was there in a cover you ass type of move pushing their silly redistricting lines. Their group left right after they leader gave her testimony at the beginning of the Brooklyn hearing. Only one elderly lady, a patrician type from Brooklyn Heights got it. She started her testimony with the statement that the committee members should be ashamed of themselves for killing democracy in New York. Except for Asian media not a single member of the main stream press attended the
When he died, my sisters and I were to go through his house alone and pick whatever we wanted. We had passed through his empty, cold kitchen (checked the fridge for beer, and sure enough–no food either) and through a yellow blanketed door, the blanket that used to close in his side of the bedroom at the old farmhouse when we were little toddlers, and into his room. A bare mattress, like before. I remember thinking of the time I broke into his house when I was in my teens, because I was angry, because my stepfather was watching me shower and because I had recurring memories of molestation from the early early years. I was angry. Angry because he left us. Because he left us defenseless to him. Because he was a serious alcoholic. Because he had been so scared and shy and gentle when we were so little. We got what we wanted, he shushed us, he was too embarrassed to help us in the bath–Grandma Helen had to wash us. Because when he tried to quit drinking in order to have visiting rights, he showed up at our house in tears because he couldn’t, and because he wanted us. Our parents were at the door talking to him and my sisters huddled in the kitchen, listening and crying and looking at each other. We weren’t thinking ‘he couldn’t do it’, we were thinking ‘he still wants us…someone truly wants us–they’re crying for us.’ When he went away, rejected, we went up to our rooms in the creaky house, and sat by ourselves. I wasn’t surprised that he couldn’t stop, my mother had told us how it was a disease. I was surprised that after these ten years, he still wanted us–enough so that he cried. And as we went through his messy room, we bee-lined it for his closet and each took out a shirt, smelled it, and sobbed. It was hardest for Nikki, my older sister. I’d never seen her like that before–in shock. Her daddy (she was his favorite; actually for awhile he denied Jodie and I were his, he’d carry her when she was two to the old bonneville and make me crawl in the dirt across the driveway, my mother yelling at him from the porch). Her daddy she couldn’t save was gone.
From here I get to see the visitors to our yard. Here a couple of rainbow lorikeets that dropped by for a feed as I was writing this. They brighten up even the dullest winter day, as do the eastern rosellas and king parrots.
The self of the tiger and the self of the deer are eternal and the same. They are viSNu, the bhUtAtma, the paramAtma.
Bertien van Manen started out as a fashion photographer - and she still has an eye for detail and pattern - but inspired by Robert Frank's book The Americans (1958), she decided on a more documentary approach. For a time she photographed in black-and-white, but she changed her style radically in the early 1990s. From that point on, she travelled with great regularity through Eastern Europe and Asia. Her many travels and intensive contact with the people she met resulted in the book A Hundred Summers, a Hundred Winters in 1994. A logical follow-up was East Wind West Wind (2001), which was shot in China. In 2005 Van Manen published Give Me Your Image, comprised of photos of interiors in which the residents had placed a private photo of their own. Let's Sit Down Before We Go (2010) is her most recent photo book. The character of this book is less documentary than her earlier books and therefore allows more room for the viewers' imagination.
After two failed relationships and six stints as a bridesmaid, Stephanie Ludlow is convinced she’s man-poison. So when her hormones point due south to her sexy new landlord, she throws up every guard in her arsenal to protect herself from heartbreak. Problem is, her cache is sadly lacking.
While visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads;
Fairbanks’ floating epic is set in the 18th Century, when the waves ’round merchant ships churned red from the merciless depredations of pirate vessels and their crews of scurvy dogs. Take heed, wealthy men, for the sea’s waitin’ to put a chill in yer bones, if ye dare to resist ’em. Watch for their black standard, and be ye a fool if these pirates don’t look to thee like the pirates they surely are. Arr.
GIVEAWAY ALERT!
Then you are going to bake this for about 15-20 minutes, you want the cheeses to be melts and to have started to brown. While this is in the oven you can be cutting up your veggies for the top. (I mentioned the ones I used on top of course if you eat other things on your tacos normally you can add those or take off things that I put on mine)
"She'll not be scared of you," they told me
And, finally, I come to Frank Moorhouse (b. 1938). I have to admit that I’ve only read one of his books but it was a great one, Grand days, the first of his League of Nations or Edith trilogy. The second in the trilogy, Dark Palace, won the Miles Franklin Award, and the last, Cold light, is, with Mears’ Foal’s bread, one of the five novels shortlisted for this year’s Miles Franklin. Moorhouse is another of our outspoken writers. He has been arrested for campaigning against censorship but, for me as a librarian, his main claim on my memory comes from his copyright infringement case against the University of New South Wales library. In 1973, the library authorised the making of photocopies of pages from his book, The Americans, baby. The court found that the university had infringed his copyright, setting in motion changes both to the Copyright Act and to the management of photocopiers. As much as I loved Grand Days, it is Moorhouse’s impact on copyright practice in Australia that I’ll never forget.
Along with the well-publicized rise in the price of hops and malt -- which is pretty much world-wide -- lower values of the dollar vs. the Euro and other currencies mean that beers from Europe, Asia, and yes, Canada, cost more than they did a year ago (wonder if that's affected the price of Blue Moon, which MolsonCoors is currently brewing in Canada?). If you want to buy a fine Belgian ale, a crisp Bavarian lager, or a big bottle of Unibroue, the price curve on your decision will be steeper. From Heineken to Salvator to Rochefort 8, import beers are bound to take a hit in sales, particularly with all the election year scare-talk about a U.S. recession (Congress and Bush are talking about a "stimulus package" before we've even seen any evidence of a recession -- not that either party is pandering or anything).
1/2 tea ginger
Here’s a fact for you: 40% of all urban trips are 2 miles or less, and of those trips, 90% of them are by car. There’s a whole site devoted to this fact and attempting to change it, if even by a small amount. That site is 2 Mile Challenge which was started by Clif bar. Best of all, they donate money based on the mileage you enter to charities which help to promote alternative forms of transportation (Alliance for Biking and Walking, Safe Routes to School Partnership, and 350.org) I personally am in support of 350.org since one of my main passions is combating global warming.
However much I pray!
Am so happy to be exploring the little tiny maze like roads around this island. Also to be able to take the gang to the beach, parks or where-ever at a moments notice.
The delays didn’t take away from the action in the ring as 8 Count put together a fairly competitive card for the night. A raucous cheering section supported local fighters Dimar Ortuz, Adan Ortiz and Granados all night long while Marlon Smith learned that the easiest way to get heat from the crowd
1. Ecriture Automatique, 2010
Every house tells a story. Who lived here before you? What did they do? How did they live? Was there more happiness and laughter than sorrow and pain? Were children born here? Did anyone die here? Why did they leave? Where did they go? These are just some of the questions that fill my mind when I look at a house, especially an old house.
Here we get another family tree, this as dry and female-less as the last one. Here we see the lifespan of man (or at least these named men), dramatically decreasing when compared to their ancestors. It may be that after the flood life and the local environment wasn’t as friendly for humanity, or that God, following up on his proclamation in Genesis 6:3:
Nick Cave? Yeah, I can accept that. But Sparks have been doin' it a decade longer!
I worked at a Juvenile Arthritis Conference in Phoenix.
7. The Vogues - Just What I've Been Looking For
Anyway, the sun’s been shining for a few days now, and so I’m going to have to ask Mr Young to get the boxes down from the top of my wardrobe so I can take out all the little creased bundles and stuff in all my winter clothes instead.
Let's imagine that social conditions are far better for people of one colour than another. That perhaps one race has access to better schools or that there are areas that the other race is not permitted to go. Maybe there's also financial inequality.
I’ve been feeling a bit introverted for the last few days, which means I haven’t been reading much. I’ve been more in the mood for coloring and watching movies.
It seemed to be one thing on top of another, almost as if the universe was conspiring against us and trying to get us to break.
So I looked at the ballot paper.
I had my family and Kirsty there on the San Diego dock upon arrival, so it was especially great getting in to see everyone. We found we had another fan of Ocean Watch and Around the Americas project in Bill Walton, the great basketball center who is quite an environmental activist. He had many insightful words about our oceans and the state of the planet and gave us a great boost of energy when we were just a little depleted.
The Henning couple had joined the Christian charity group on the Honeydew smallholding only six weeks ago and also lived there with the children.
* Sleep outside in the tents
For the sake of love, he listened to her.
On Sunday we visited my parents after church and had a lovely brunch. (pictures to come tomorrow maybe)
My Minds Eye - Madison Avenue 6x6 paper pad.
Farfisa Beat
The scam goes something like this.
Fuck the economy. Where is the fridge?
My friend told me much more of the story with my urging, and I was totally captivated. If you like a story about time-travel, with a little bit of history, a love story, and messing with space-time continuum (as Doc Brown would say), then you would love this book.
that's not for some sad diabolical god
I came to be a writer in a circuitous way. I was going for a master’s degree in counselling and development and my professor suggested I become a writer. He said he loved the voice in my research papers. I finished my degree but also started taking writing courses. I had always wanted to be a writer but life took down other paths.
Losing weight
These same Website and Blog editors often “swap” URL links with the editors of other related sites and list those links on their Web page. If and when you create your own Website and/or Blog, you might consider doing the same with your site’s title, that is, begin the title with the letter A. These link lists are also posted by Blogger automatically in alphabetical order as well.
I watched as she taught my children, and my sister's children to "sew". She always kept needles and thread at the ready, along with scraps of material, for them to sew when they asked. They would sit for what seemed like hours pushing a needle through fabric, back and forth, until they had created "something". My sister and I had done the same thing as children. She would sit by watching, always ready to help if needed.
You can get the effect of a facelift, in a relaxing, enjoyable atmosphere in-between your other treatments our treatments will help with continued effective results up to 6 months after treatment and we can work on all skin types throughout the year.
What: Floor talk with Conor Ashleigh and Robert McFarlane
I am going now… But I will be back tomorrow.
Other fun moments of this week: Around 43 minutes into the live performances (according to Hulu), check out Chris Mann and Erin Willett posing in the background as Christina Milian interviews Jamar and Lindsey. Plus, Team Adam and Team Cee Lo performed together, as did Team Christina and Team Blake! Fun times.
Hugs go around the now circle of friends
5. Spleen / Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds6. The Transformed Man
(8) When, therefore, the boundary and limit, that millennial interspace, has been passed, when even the outward fashion of the world itself— which has been spread like a veil over the eternal economy, equally a thing of time— passes away, then the whole human race shall be raised again, to have its dues meted out according as it has merited in the period of good or evil, and thereafter to have these paid out through the immeasurable ages of eternity.
We also value the feedback of all of our team and will welcome ideas about how to improve our solutions or service models.
Shortly after, Scannell himself got into a lorry and started driving. Foolish, really. He did not shave, and when he was asked his business he could not give a soldierly answer, so got arrested. He was, not being an officer, sent to a prison in North Africa. Every day the men carted a huge pile of sand from one corner of the parade ground to the opposite corner. The next day, they took it back. In solitary confinement, he was given a hunk of bread in the morning. He kept some of it for later, and was disciplined for “hoarding food”.
So much better. I kept the white console table my dad built for me and moved it across the room. The huge rolling pin is vintage and was a gift from my hubby. :) The mint growing in the chocolate terra cotta container is orange mint and smells so good!
What really freaked me out is that when ordinary harmless citizens are whacked and walloped, the PM and his chosen cabinet are silent.
The merchants filled their ship with new merchandise and set sail for distant lands and, passing the island again, were welcomed by Tsaritsa Marfa and Tsarevitch Guidon, to whom they recounted their visit to Tsar Saltan. Nor did they fail to tell how he had purposed to sail thither until he had heard of the fir tree, the squirrel and the nuts of gold and emerald.
One thing is I have no idea how to get rid of the flour on the surface and the sides of the mooncakes - it should have looked much prettier without it - I guess I have dusted the mould with too much flour and it looked more obvious on dark color snowskin
Abernathy Jones was sitting at her desk, staring intently at the swirls of creamer in an otherwise putrid cup of coffee. In her year at Premiere Investigations Abby had not developed the titanium stomach that her co-workers seemed to share. From her tiny cube in the corner, she could see three burly men chugging down the black sludge without even cringing. If it weren’t for that last glass of wine last night, she wouldn’t even be contemplating drinking this particular cup of joe, but it seemed unlikely that she was going to work up the nerve to struggle through the morning meeting without a serious caffein aid.
Thats it!
I never know how to finish posts, so all I can say now is to anyone not saved reading this, please think about it, and those who are, maybe it's time to reach out to people more. I hope to try to do that myself.
When you are ready, after at least 8 hours, lightly flour a work surface and place dough on it. Sprinkle the top with flour and knead it 15 times. This means folding it over on itself. Shape dough into a ball, cover with plastic wrap and let rise for 2 hours.
Tip: Experiment with making your own colours. Mix Both Re-Inkers and Food Colouring together for some great colours.
You know, like a potluck, except you don't actually get to eat anything I'm bringing to the table...
When I write these messages each week, three and a half decades later, I am very much aware of the lessons I learned in that freshman year 7:30 AM History class about clarity in writing and still seek to be as clear as I can be each week.
licked lichen nay doot.
As I'm getting set to write my new book, I'm facing a lot of options--far too many. I had originally wanted to write an internal drama with four characters. We'd know in the beginning when each of those characters died, but we wouldn't know what the impact of those deaths would be. At the same time, so many people died in Cyberlama that I'm curious to try and write a book where nobody dies. I'm also playing with the idea of collage--taking real speech from real people or fusing headlines from news stories into my prose. And, as I've mentioned over the last few days, I'm experimenting with more flowery prose as well.
1 globe
I'm really excited for the holidays to get here. I can't wait for Christmas (probably because I'm due a few weeks after!) and I've already got a good start on my Christmas shopping.
The Oxygen Chanel plans to cancel "The World According to Paris". I'm not holding my breath.
Can't decide if I like this pic because they are cute together or if I find it stunning that my girl is getting so big and is so pretty.
Level 10: MP Cost: 21, Duration: 100 seconds.
McArthur found there was no work in Liberia. He took a bus from Monrovia to Dakar - 1 174km, 3 days, in search of something better.. After Dakar did not work out for McArthur, he booked another bus ticket, right down the artery of the ear of Africa, Dakar to Accra - 2 139km, 6 days. Every time the bus braked, he would be flung into the stairwell. Swathes of dust billowed for 100hours, through the dishevelled exterior, right into McArthur's nose. He held screaming babies for their weary mothers and avoided conversation as he was assumed a local who could at least speak French. He couldn't. And, in all five countries the bus braked to a rattling halt, McArthur was flung into the dusty stairwell because that is the seat he was allocated on his ticket.
Now, greedy soldiers toss out dice to see who gets the bragging rights of owning the traditional garment she lovingly created for her son when he left home. The garment saturated with the perfumed oil of spikenard from the broken alabaster passion box.
The interesting implication, we can investigate is what psychological needs are addressed here, why do we need this or that form of sacrum. It is only a trick to say: now we are past the medieval ages, now we know what the world is made of. Yet we haven’t overcome our own thinking and we never will. Here is a reminder. Be critical, with special emphasis on not being overly rational. The modern world is too complex to think we already know how to deal with it. The 400 years old manner of questioning it is not valid anymore. By definition the traps are in places that we don’t expect. We’ve already fallen deep inside, but our duty is to try climbing a little bit higher. At least high enough to see the light.
I have always been a night owl. I sleepwalk through most mornings, functioning just enough to get my kids ready for school, and not crash my car into a tree getting them there. Many morning people have tried to convert me, all with no success. Here’s how the conversation usually goes between me and a typical early bird:
“To some it is Napoleon, to some it is a philosophical struggle, to me it is allegro con brio. “ Arturo Toscanini
So here is how we supersized. Shauna (my client) drew a 1x1' grid lightly on the wall. I took a picture of the segment of the Schumacher Chiang Mai Dragon we wanted to used and drew a grid over it to match the one on the wall. We then drew it in block by block. Sorry this photo stinks...
Let the ox be yoked, seed lie beneath ploughed soil:
“A few days ago, a Muslim asked me if we were allowed to possess WMDs – nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons. I said to him: ‘Yes, we must possess such weapons, but not use them.’ We must possess such weapons in order to strike terror in our enemies – ‘Strike terror in the hearts of the enemies,’ and frighten them. If we had nuclear weapons, they would be afraid to attack us, as was the case between the Soviet Union and the Americans, and between India and Pakistan. This is armed peace.
A few weeks ago I did a big post on concealers here. Since then I have bought and used the Collection 2000 Lasting Perfection Concealer that I have so often had recommended.
I decided that the whole world, or at least those who are interested in it and love such puffs, might take part in the pleasure of touching the soft fabric and discover the surprisingly bright colours on the backside of the faded front. I kept some panels of 6, 12 or 24 puffs for sale, the rest ended up in single puffs.
For thus saith the LORD that created the heavens; God himself that formed the earth and made it; he hath established it, he created it not in vain, he formed it to be inhabited: I am the LORD; and there is none else.
Some of my fellow clergy who share my understanding of God's will have already decided to leave the Church of Scotland. Others are still thinking they may well do so. I'm not going anywhere. My dad, his brother, my mum's uncle and his uncle before him were CofS ministers. Perhaps that's got something to do with my desire to stay, I don't know. But I don't feel God's leading to leave. Nor does Him Indoors. So we're staying.
So I guess to answer their question: I was really watching Functional Strength Coach 3.0because I plan on helping Eric turn out a large number of pitchers in Hudson, MA who are capable of throwing a baseball freakishly hard and stay healthy while doing so.
Including all of mine
I’m gonna miss you Nick!! (So will Charli Roo!) But may God keep his hands on you and help you with a speedy recovery! YOU GOT THIS!!
The new campaign will be rolling out across Drambuie's markets around the world next year, but London is getting a bit of a sneak preview over the next few weeks with this new print work.
Vital signs ,Fall in Blood Pressure, Tachycardia.
The problem of moral luck can be simply stated: what role should luck play in the moral assessment of someone’s actions, accomplishments, failures, achievements and so on? Luck can be roughly defined as any action, event or state of affairs that is outside the control of the person being assessed. In his analysis of the issue, Nagel identified four main varieties of moral luck. They are (taken from the SEP article):
i pray continually that i would.
Clinical Microbiology : 90
07 talk: David's intro to the next song 1:04
· Answering of Guests Questions
because they recognize his voice.
Columbus Day
This one goes way down on the list of pilsners to buy if I see it again. Just off the mark, overly bitter with an underwhelming pils flavor.
What this also means is that there will be no shortage of classic Who discs this year, because in addition to the newest releases, here in the States we’re still behind on some half dozen or more discs, so we need to catch up on those as well (this month’s catch up title is “The Dominators”). For at least the first half of the year, every month we should be getting no less than two releases. So if you’re someone who collects all of these, you’d better start pinching some pennies. On the other hand, if you’re someone who just wants to pick up the best titles, I’ll be here, throwing out lofty opinions to aid you in your purchasing decisions. Another nice new addition to the range is the recently unveiled BBC Classic Doctor Who Channel on YouTube, which will be updated periodically with clips from past, current and upcoming DVDs. Be sure to add it your Favorites.
flashbulb
WHEN DID STEFAN DECIDE TO ACCEPT HIS RIPPER SELF?!
It was not easy. Over the weekend I would find myself thinking of those ten days that Sam and Red will be away in Isabela . Though the group had coordinated with the Mayor and his constituents, I still am worried , mostly with Red’s condition because his speech is still delayed. Sadly I cannot even visit them because of money reasons and the demands of my work. Tears in my eyes dwelled knowing that I was having a hard time letting go of my son and my friend was right.
10 - The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Overall my experience at La Cuisine Paris was great and I had a lot of fun! Jane, the owner is such a sweet woman and came up to chat with us at the end of our lunch and talked about various kitchen stores we should check-out in the area.
- That's the badger! I can get my wheels back again. No sweat Party Time. I'll drive you wherever you wanna go!
The massive Terminator knights charged into the fray but their armour meant nought to the mighty dragons and they were slaughtered by tooth and claw. As the warriors fell the Wood Elves closed in further, wiping out a scouting party as they tried to relieve their comrades.
This same is MANLIE CONSTANCIE of mind,
I get that it’s tougher to convince teenagers to make healthy choices when they are working very hard to distinguish themselves from the adults in their lives. Not to mention they feel invincible so most aren’t worried about their health. But throwing up our collective hands and offering high school students cookies and french fries for every meal surely isn’t an option, either.
www.craftingflamingo.blogspot.com
Zest and juice of 1 Meyer lemon*
Plenty of parking.
“I didn’t have to take the back off,” he says. “It was already loose.” He demonstrates by pulling the plate away from the body of the iron.
Then the bundles tied with pink and yellow ribbon will go to two random winners who comment starting with the second comment and ending with the next to last comment ......because ..........
24. I experience the world in all its glory.
It was very fun using this knife and would just like to tell you that.
Siggi Loch’s journey has followed a trajectory all of its own. After stumbling across the music of Sidney Bechet at the age of 15, he formed a band and began dreaming of running his own jazz label. Half a century ago he was among the R&B fans getting a first taste of The Beatles at the Star Club in Hamburg. Soon afterwards he produced some of the first tracks by the pop group The Searchers as he embarked on a career as a talent-spotter, producer and major label executive.
Between Christina's birth and death, exists a timeline of trends that could foreshadow disaster. After September 11th, the fundamental rifts between American political parties deepened and quickly grew toxic, platforms for incendiary rhetoric became commonplace as media grew less objective and more partisan, wars were started abroad to supposedly protect the homeland, while morally and financially draining it, the rich grew richer and the middle class became poor and the backlash toward foreigners in a country of immigrants, showed a very hateful, xenophobic side of Americans, particularly in Arizona.
The result of these sustained, single-take musical performances by actual musicians — prime among them the recently deceased Dutch harpsichordist Gustav Leonhardt, who plays Bach — is the way in which our concentration becomes sharpened and focused on the smallest details of music-making: its labors, its gestures, its accidents.
“Ok. When was the last time you had sex?”
For forty more I fed on favours past,
This verse has become my prayer this Christmas season – that I would make the time to give priority to rejoicing, being glad in God’s presence, and letting my inner joy show for those who may be silently desperate to know the giver of true joy.
Sierra Nevada- Celebration Ale- Wonderfully robust and rich, Celebration® Ale is dry-hopped for a lively, intense aroma. Brewed especially for the holidays.
When no one else in the Kingdom wanted to face the mighty giant, Goliath, young David was willing. David must have felt fear at the sight of his foe, but overcame it, and courageously vanquished his enemy.
So I’m on the witness stand and the nasty little defense attorney, having utterly failed to shake my testimony (“Mr. Sheeran said, ‘Now you can say you’ve had your first shakedown.’ I remember it clearly”) decides to attack me based on my psychiatric history, which was a big mistake. “I had depression, which is a treatable illness, and I sought and received appropriate treatment.” We went around and around on this. Later, the second-chair prosecutor told me that he was kicking the first-chair under the table and whispering, “Object! Object!” But the lead attorney’s position was that I was handling it just fine and I didn’t need him to interrupt. I finally turned to the judge and said, “Already asked and answered, your Honor,” and the judge ordered the defense attorney to move on but he had nothing to move on to. Back in the prosecutor’s office, they were gleefully declaring that “It was just like Perry Mason!”
Again, here are the details of the event:
NEXT: Headhunters
Tuesday: Sloppy Tom's
The warning was made because of recent intelligence reports explaining the risk of a terrorist attack. Of course, the following day stores all across America saw a surge in sales of these items. Because Duct Tape sold out in many places, the incident became known as the “Duct Tape Alert”.
This is the only time in the interview when Borg speaks like the politician he claims not to be. ‘When I look at other politicians I tend to see myself more as an economist,’ he says. This is true in that he is appointed, not elected, and was chief economist for SEB bank. But before this, he was a young libertarian longing to turn the world upside-down. Internet footage still exists of a denim-clad Borg declaring on television that if he was prime minister he ‘wouldn’t do a damn thing, so the people could do whatever they want’. When he later became a prime ministerial adviser, he caused a stir when it emerged that a government staffer backed drug legalisation.
Polarized has a silver base colour that is filled with multi coloured glitter mixed about. Unlike many of the other polishes in this collection, the silver base of Polarized does not have any colour shifting.
I'd wake up one morning and find nothing to rearrange
My immediate interest is not to comment on the article itself, but to focus on the letter from Mr. Bloch, who wrote as follows:
You’re one month on in the middle of May.
AT&T External Affairs Manager Robyn Gruner
You know what’s best and you have given the best
Integrated GPS for pedestrian and car navigation
Human League (Keep feeling) Fascination UK
I'm not saying that everything needs to be done in the utmost manner of politeness, but there does deserve to be some simple respect, even when the stakes are high. Maybe especially when the stakes are high. But somewhere we seem to have forgotten that if you're going to tread on someone in any arena that they will make it their mission to take you down. And they, too, have long memories. Even armies who are bent on killing each other understand that once you've defeated your opponent, you have to give them some grace in defeat, or it will come back to haunt the victors.
I just know that between the bike riding and the kayaking I will barely be able to walk, talk or hold a pen tomorrow.
I will add, I love the heady topics, the storylines about life and death and all the questions we don’t have answers for. It leaves room for imagination and by extension, good stories.
Point being, I’m not entirely sure what made me move to the comment section of a recent article about Mel Gibson’s rants against a Jewish writer. The article outlined Gibson’s verbal barrages while vacationing with several families. The son of the writer recorded some of them, and they included him shouting about his ex-wife and calling her a “filthy _____ (name which I can’t bring myself to even type other than saying it is a reference to being sexually serviced, using a slang word for part of the male anatomy).” The rest of the verbal assaults were not recorded so I won’t comment on the racial hatred he supposedly spewed.
Aside from all this we have trouble brewing with Iran and of course the huge US deficit and debt, which can never realistically be repaid. It’s only the severe problems in Europe that are currently deflecting attention away from the “engine of the ship”.
Two days later, on Saturday, I got a phone call from a Best Buy customer relations rep from the corporate office and he told me that he had gotten the e-mail I had sent on Wednesday right after the laptop died. He had talked with the assistant manager who was on duty on Saturday at the Mansfield store and he said they would exchange my computer. I think my chin really did hit the floor. I immediately prayed “Thank you God.” I knew that He had made this happen.
Where you an avid reader as a child?
"The Christian who walks with the Lord and keeps constant communion with Him will see many reason for rejoicing and thanksgiving all day long." -- Warren Wiersbe
However, if I’m being honest with myself, I’d much rather be with the Hawaiians on this and ‘hang loose’ – or to quote my sister, the infinitely wise starlet and ‘calm the f**k down.’ Therefore, when things of a tough, challenging nature come up, whether that’s a fight with said starlet, a stressful moment in work, or the frustration I feel at a horrendous news story, then I’m going to be handing it over. Be warned this isn’t a quick fix to a situation and I reckon it’s a lifelong practice, but it is so worth it!
to skim the surface
Then how would I feed my Twitter addiction?
Who’s That
jeannecollageoflife@gmail.com with your details.
“I never read novels myself,” said he, “except when the popular persecution forces me to— when people plague me to know what I think of the last book that every one is reading.”
Religious extremists have been harassing and killing teenagers with ‘strange’ or ‘emo’ appearances
*In 1921, just six months before a truce would end the hostilities of the Irish War of Independence, at the age of 24, Michael Magee died 22 January 1921, as the result of gunshot wounds he suffered during the abortive ambush at Drumcondra.
mine's a 20" x 20"!!
I know what's flowing into rivers besides water.
Aryc guffawed. “Thanks for the amusement, Gunny.” He rose, pulled out the blade, licked it off and resheathed it. As Beethoven began the final movement in the Ninth Symphony, Aryc left, locking the door behind him.
1) There were a couple places where I thought the book moved a little too quickly. It’s a short, fast-paced book; a young reader may want some help fleshing out the principles presented. That’s not all bad – if you know a teen who is reading the book, you can read it together and discuss. If you are the teen, you can force some adult you know to turn on the ol’ brain and do something useful.
There are also trained instructors available for guiding the tourists. Gulmarg is ideally suited for learning skiing, as it is probably the cheapest ski resort in the world.
I painted it up and then used a one step crackle on it.
Rachel glanced quickly in the mirror before going downstairs. Not that she was vain, but she wanted to prepare herself for her mother's criticisms.
Rotated his body a full 360 degrees!
The court applied its standard Section 2(a) test, requiring that the PTO prove: (1) that the mark is the same as, or a close approximation of, the name or identity previously used by another person or institution; (2) the mark would be recognized as such, in that it points uniquely and unmistakably to that person or institution; (3) the person or institution named by the mark is not connected with the activities performed by applicant under the mark; and (4) the fame or reputation of the person or institution is such that, when the mark is used with the applicant's goods or services, a connection with the person or institution would be presumed.
Everyone slept through night last night.
“The Thai government will have a very difficult time explaining why the trial of someone charged with making an insulting remark could compromise Thailand’s national security,” he said.
*Leave a comment to be eligible for a free copy of Beyond Me, and visit Kathi at www.kathimacias.com.
The Truth Hurts by David Pagulayan: Reactions
R. Eli Munk, Z”L, has a very interesting thought on this introduction to the Parashah, namely that just as the words “Eleh haTol’dot haShamayim v’haAretz” (<U+05D0><U+05DC><U+05D4> <U+05D4><U+05EA><U+05D5><U+05DC><U+05D3><U+05D5><U+05EA> <U+05D4><U+05E9><U+05DE><U+05D9><U+05DD> <U+05D5><U+05D4><U+05D0><U+05E8><U+05E5>) in the beginning of chapter two introduce a new chapter in the history of man, so the words here do, creating a new “Adam.” I will get back to that thought later, but first:
The ‘outrage’ game isn’t going to be a factor in the council elections so the SNP best ‘jog on’.
16. Unleashed 5.03 (66/107)
Possible: Art Direction, Makeup
I hope this helps! I'm always curious how long it took other women to lose their "baby" weight too, I think it helps knowing that for many of us, it takes a loooong time!
If you’d like to check in with a couple other bloggers working to get fit, you can visit their weekly posts here:
Then in the classic way of all exercise equipment, it started to attract dust – in fact I never even got it out of the shipping box, for weeks! The shameful sight of it sitting on the floor still in its mailing box, along with the urgings of fellow bloggers (not to mention my husband, who didn’t know what it was but couldn’t fathom why I would order something and then never even unwrap it) prompted me to vow that this weekend I would actually get the vest out of the box, and wear it on a walk, with a picture as proof.
11.- Pervert - Produced by E-L
The Resistance, Evans, and Arans are getting revamped. In addition to that, Elin Forest (yeah Nexon spelled it wrong) gets revamped and a whole questline is added. The final boss is Ephenia:
An opening suspense sequence sets up the premise of director David A. Prior's film. A bunch of mercenaries—led by jacked-up sunglasses-wearing second-in-command Lt. Thornton (Fritz Matthews)—are hunting after some random chubby guy, looking to kill him. They eventually accomplish their mission, but not after the guy resourcefully knocks out one of the mercenaries; Thornton eventually kills this member, presumably for his failure to measure up to this covert army unit's high standards.
I would surely die
13. “Today, the message our forces have sent is clear — if you attack the United States, we will find you and bring you to justice.” – Former Vice President Dick Cheney (May 2011)
As you can see, I often act younger than I actually am. But I also have moments were I feel a few dozen years older. Moments I’m sure you all have.
According to Federal News Radio reporter Jared Serbu, the Navy’s Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command is contemplating “a public-private data center model to consolidate the dozens of facilities operated by the Navy and Marine Corps into a more rational footprint, as well as a commercial solution to cloud-based email and collaboration.”
And unknown trees lived there that gave off a phosphorescent gleam;
Clawless – without much upper body strength – it often needs a little assist / a small rear end boost to clear the fence. Then it will balance precariously, eyes bulging in confusion, contemplating the German – who has on occasion almost grabbed that enticingly draped tail.
Then I used the egg whites from making the custard and beat them into a frothy frenzy and beautiful puffy goodness. You can see how the Mennonite Girls make it here. Plop that silky meringue on the custard and pop it into the oven for 7 minutes at 400*... or until the peaks get just a touch brown.
Total = $16.49
What about you? Wha menu do you have for Thanksgiving?
“Ok, fine. Fine. Philly was nice. That doesn’t mean that I didn’t want Roberts with the contract anyways. Now, tell me again why it wasn’t coincidence that you got stabbed? I’m sure the Drake is fine. Slyne knows how to handle an airship, especially one docked safe and sound.”
That will leave you in debt
“What do you mean throw me out again?” I ask.
“Oh Lisa, Sweetheart. Whatever is the matter? I thought something must be wrong when you didn’t say very much when you got back home. Has something bad happened?”
So, here’s what I’ve compiled for gayby so far:
Issue Spot will leave the issue of salaries for another time but, for the record, Massachusetts judges’ rank 47th among judicial salaries. The notion that our judges work less than forty hours a week is just plain false. Not to mention that, in recent years, filings in Massachusetts have increased – especially in cases of bankruptcy, eviction, domestic abuse, etc. – while judiciary staff has been decreased. Judges have fewer law clerks to assist with research and to help prepare decisions which directly impacts their ability to deliver decisions in a timely manner. The extended backlogs in approximately forty of the state’s courthouses have forced clerks and registers to reduce public hours of operation in order to get caught up on paperwork.
Meaning what do you do? What’s your specialty? What can you tell the world about?
"The committee has a general concern that the proposed process for purchasing products via the kiosk machine is cumbersome and may meet with public criticism for not being 'user-friendly,'" according to the evaluation memo submitted by Matthew Bembenick, a middle manager who recently left his position with the LCB.
I am just tired of dealing with that. I got enough going on.
Till we meet again.Take care of yourself.Get well soon to all my friends that aren't well. Seems to be the season for fever,cold and chicken pox and whatnot.
What is it about us that instinctively wants not to cry?
Narrow minded. “Lacking in flexibility or breadth of vision”. We refuse to expand our vision to include junk food thoughts. Junk food wreaks havoc with your body and the same is true of your mind. Allowing ourselves to lose focus by giving precedence to those things which are not productive to our vision just screws everything up and slows us down. Who needs that? Not me. I have some very big goals in mind. A big goal take a big vision with no room for spots.
Happy Friday All!
When living in Cuba, Hemmingway would write between 8am and 2pm and then hove off to El Floridita for the first of a zillion Daiquiris. He liked them so much, he had his own made for him, the Papa Doble, but I prefer the original, which is deliciously sherberty.
Ballot access in New York State is difficult and candidates with large political organizations behind them, like Grace Meng has with the Queens County Democratic Party Committee, can prevent legitimate candidates who have demonstrated a modicum of support from getting on the ballot by suing them in court and causing them to needlessly expend legal and financial resources to fend off challenges. "While New York's election law provides for such challenges, at their heart they are extremely undemocratic proceedings and any candidate that demonstrates a modicum of support should be allowed on the ballot," Sheng said.
Today belonged to my husband (a serious WonderDad) for us, because my own Dad happened to be out of town for the day. But he's not far from my thoughts. Here's a small old pic of a wee me and my Dad snoozing together. My Dad is a master snoozer, and this photo is worth sharing for the couch alone:
I walked there from my office, got a little lost at the end (it's not all descending numbers and avenues down there) and arrived a little breathless. He was behind the counter selling. When he isn't drawing or inking he's selling and he finished a sale and was busy with a couple who weren't sure about something. That's when I've heard it in his voice, as I've heard it in my brothers' voices.
I said earlier that Paul was an example of the nation in rejection. He is also an example of the grace of God. The harvest can no longer be carried out for Israel has been concluded in unbelief. That is seen in Romans 11:32.
Gloss. ord.: Or, the Lord whom they killed, came immediately rising from the dead, and brought to an evil end those wicked husbandmen, and gave up His vineyard to other husbandmen, that is, to the Apostles.
said his mother, “I will be a Koala, and I will rest in your branches.”
I wanted to do more then just a card and who wouldn't want a gift on their birthday anyway? So I made this cute little box filled with Hershey Kisses. It's made so you can fit Dove chocolates inside but I went to 3 different stores and couldn't find any!! Pout pout! I found this tutorial done by Katie from Clearly iStamp and instead of using the biggest nesties, I used my Silhouette. Way easier for me!!
When it comes to planning for a wedding, everyone seems to have somewhat of an idea of what they want. They either have always dreamed of it, they were inspired by a movie scene, or someone else’s wedding. Mostly inspiration and the dream is solely The Bride’s. Groom nods his head to all the selections, colorful items and etc.
you pressing with questions
Purchased at auction from Winebid.com.
Today’s hike began with a half mile walk through the neighborhood to reach the trailhead on Lincoln Street (not visible on the map at the link provided, but our access was a little left (west) of what is shown there). Following along the edge of the creek on the Whatcom Creek Trail, Lower Gulch Trail and Waterline Trails until we reached the falls, then we turned around and headed back.
The following is taken from her CaringBridge site shortly after she was diagnosed. It is so beautiful. Her father’s words are so sincere as he speaks of Elliot’s determination from the time she was a little girl and her unwavering faith as she has grown into the woman she is today.
Have an excellent Monday,
Banking and politics have always been joined a the hip. The proposed 50 billion bailout fund will strengthen that connection. Wall Street likes that part of the reform package, because the government grantee will make it easier for them to borrow money and make deals. Congress like it because the more control it has will no doubt lead to more senators like Dodd getting special treatment from banks like countrywide.
If you are a blogger, look to the labels in your blog.
Seriously, somebody needs to be fired for letting her walk on stage in that outfit. Even more seriously, what in the hell happened to her beaver?!? Clearly something traumatic happened which explains her insane decision to name one of her twins, Moroccan.
It’s true. Your dry weight is almost completely corn derived. In other words, the carbon atoms and various other organic compounds that make up your body were once in a corn field in Iowa.
Gehry said he would, "as soon as the guys let me," adding "talk to Stuckey"--a reference to Forest City Ratner VP Jim Stuckey.
Once we have the two price points in mind, we obviously launch with the introductory price. We promote it as an introductory price and don't necessarily communicate an end date as that gives us flexibility to change the end date at need. Per our launch strategy, we set the book free for 2 days. Trending shows that books following the "normal" post-free cycle seem to hit their peak rank and sales on Day 3 or Day 4 then begin a slow decay. Our intent is to capitalize and maximize. We want to shore up royalties in the face of the decline, keeping the monetary base from eroding as quickly as sales. In theory, this should mean more money earned overall for the books by the time they plateau in the week or so after the price change.
I'm talking about the danger from parental anger or judgment should something break.
6. Tuck Jumps – 5
So here it is,
So bravely let go
How's that for revenge?
place: concord, california (address provided upon paid registration)
Next in line was the Lindemans Gueuze from Belgium off the tap, light bodied but complex with a slightly intense sourness. This was followed by the Boon Kriek, a 100% spontaneously fermented ale with up to 300 grams of cherries per litre. The resulting beer is a bright pink/red with a subtle tartness and lots of fizz that carries the cherry flavour nicely.
The inside of the van was soaked... but all my change was still in the van and I didn't think I had left anything of value in there (no ipods or cell phones or anything) so I just did a big heavy sigh and went to pick them up from under the overhang.
The passive voice part seemed puzzling to me for a while. We are to obey the imperative command, but the filling is actually done by the Holy Spirit and we are the subject of the filling so that makes sense. We allow the Holy Spirit to act upon us and control us. If you are anything like me this whole process of letting go of control while obeying this command of being filled is not natural. As I shared yesterday, when you enter this path, your idols are revealed in a hurry. You find out that you are much more self-protective than you even admitted to yourself. You have not really died to self at all and are still clinging to parts of your life that mean absolutely nothing in eternity. As I evaluate myself on this, I find myself indeed lacking. I also find myself continually in the fire and I know that that is a good thing spiritually because that means God is both cleansing me and working in me to mature me, but when I look at what is revealed by this whole process, I see one who must remain in the Valley of Humiliation for quite some time. God’s Will be done.
Marley lit up the joint.
I'm back... but the new laptop is taking some getting used to - as some of you may have noticed I managed to publish a post with no text lol! I'll get the hang of it I suppose!
Finally, finish your flower image using the same steps for adding shadow and you'll have a beautiful flower full of light and shadow which will give it a three dimensional look!
She walks into the doors,
”This is indeed you confirmation Cristen. I actually don't think we were letting lottery winners in unless they answered the phone last night but you called at exactly the right time when I needed to send in the final list and i had just had a couple cancellations.. so congratulations! see you in a couple hours!
So cute! Our last stop was culvers! I ordered a small concrete vanilla mixer with strawberries and bananas. They ended up not having bananas…I was soo mad. So the girl gave me a medium instead with extra strawberries and I thought since I didn’t get my pecans at dinner I’ll have them right now…So she added pecans as well. Can you say stuffed like a turkey?! That I was…almost uncomfortablly full actually. yuck. so today I started with coffee and lemon water! Lemon water is great for detox!
South San Francisco CA 94080
Deception was my Job: Soviet Subversion of the Free World Press: Yuri Alexandrovich Bezmenov (also known as Tomas David Schuman; 1939 – 1997), former journalist for RIA Novosti and a former KGB informant from the Soviet Union, interviewed by Edward G. Griffin
The menu started with 12 amuses in a fast pace;
This past weekend was my first Saturday in many weeks that I did not have to get up early for class. Although it was great to be able to sleep in and enjoy the feeling of being lazy on a Saturday morning, I felt as though I was missing something. Yes, I miss the fun and my new friends of my public speaking class.
How important is a excellent fluency regarding English for college students today? The answer is it is very important. Learning English or every other language online isn’t for everyone, but even for the people people that chose a school for understanding, online resources generally is a great supplement for your language learning procedure. Traveling around metropolis should be not a problem since there are quite a few numbers of methods of transportation. Either your teacher or another student should know the phrase. teacherspayteachers Elizabeth Fort was built-in 1603 and was important in the Irish showdown of Independence along with the Civil War which will followed. You can do that by extra studying, or simply simply by writing anything. As you get more vocabulary start to have much more confidence with speaking with other English folks. Students need tuition that connects grammar points with large communication contexts, and not larger grammar connected frameworks. If you want to speak perfect English then you certainly always need to be effective on the pronunciation. It is imperative not to ever disapprove of though listening, and for no reason attack another person for his / her feelings.
Next, they’ll be trying to snuff out officers who are too straight, or too white…
This was the last thing that was me. my drawings. They were personal. They showed me. They were pieces that I worked on for hours upon hours. They were perfected to my liking. They were special.
"The phenomenon of grotesquery as a means of questioning gender norms and identity isn’t confined to women. Johannes Göransson is a male poet working in this field. He relies on the Julia Kristeva’s framework of the Abject, which centres on the othering, fracturing, exploding and mutilating the speaker’s body and consciousness through a regime of continual violence and transgression:
According to the Dallas-based electronic insurance exchange, workers compensation and commercial property experienced the greatest rate increases at four percent each.
Yesterday my dear Aunt turned 100 years old. Awesome! Her children threw a large birthday party for her. She was very active in her church and much loved by all. It was so warm to see how many people care about her.
Then we got what I considered the first shocker of the day in the women's 10000. With a group running together most of the race, Meseret Defar (ETH) took over on the backstretch of the final lap and looked to be in control coming off the final turn and heading up the finishing straight. But suddenly she seemed to falter and teammate Meselech Melkamu went by her. Then with a spurt 19 year old Linet Masai (KEN) went right by Melkamu at the line as Melkamu raised her arms in what she thought was victory! Defar never falters, but did here and what seemed like sure gold with 50 meters to go turned into a 5th place finish. Amy Yoder Begley was the top finishing American in 6th place.
I think most would agree that the best part of this superhero simulator is simply getting around the environment. The original game had two great platforming sequences—one where you scaled a prison, and the other where you climbed a mammoth tower in the center of the city. Both were memorable, enjoyable, yet still provided a bit of challenge. How is this possible? Well, once again more than one button is used (X is jump, R1 is fly), but in the end, Infamous uses far more context sensitive movement than God of War. Hop on an electric wire and you’ll zoom across it, but if you jump on a sign you’ll scale it like a raccoon. Yet even with most of the platforming being context sensitive, it still manages to be engaging. Why? Because in Infamous, navigation is like a dance, and the better you get at platforming, the quicker you traverse obstacles. Not only that, but much of Infamous’ platforming relies on figuring out how you scale something as opposed to the mechanics. It choosing the route, more than completing it. And during sequences where you have little choice (such as these set-pieces) the platforming requires precision ( if not necessarily much timing) because the game will not simply shove you into the direction of the next handhold. You can die and fail easily in both of these sections, yet restarting is quick and painless, and when you scale either of these massive structures, you feel like you’ve accomplished something because you’ve used everything (climbing, jumping, flying, sliding) to navigate them.
Passive-aggressives are often people who believe their lives are controlled by others; but they lack the skill, knowledge, desire and/or confidence necessary to be assertive. To minimize their attacks, be as assertive as possible. Most passive-aggressives find it no fun to deal with someone who will openly and honestly call them out about their behavior. Be aware that passive-aggressive behavior almost always produces a passive-aggressive reaction.
The man ran into the Kredi Bank in the Serbian ski resort Nova Varos wearing a balaclava and brandishing a shotgun and demanded tellers hand over all the cash they had.
My perfect content is the amber of sunset
So, there you go, four easy to avoid pitfalls that will instantly make your game worse if you fall into them. These aren't even technical things like, "your mapping isn't good enough" or, "your story isn't interesting". These are incredibly easy to avoid mistakes that people simply should not be making!
I also called my lawyer and told him what was happening, he advised me to back off or the insurance company might suspect me even more. I didn’t like what he was telling me either so I told him to F off and hung up lol! Honestly, months later we were talking and I asked him if he’d ever had a client swear at him as much as I had and he said no lol!
Author 2: I have a blog and many followers. But I turn off the comment section. My blog is a dictatorship, not a democracy.
It was strange talking over my history. The things that happened 5, nearly 6 years ago; the living with friends, couch surfing, that one night in the park, the junkie flats, the refuges…it seems like so much of a blur. I honestly don’t know how I came through that time & managed to escape the drug culture – I rarely drink & have never smoked, I’ve never taken anything that wasn’t prescribed. I feel so different from the girl who used to have screaming matches with her mother, dodging hurling items; while her father sat idly by. Disturbed by what was going on, but not disturbed enough to intervene.
As their actions are dragged out into the daylight, those who devised and ran the UK's undercover political policing are letting Kennedy be dragged out too, cutting their ties to him so they can remain in the shadows.
A cable titled ” Potrait of a Lady” (wikileaks) Referring to her “eccentric paranoia,” the cable said, “According to Lucknow journalists, she employs nine cooks (two to cook, the others to watch over them) and two food tasters. She fears assassination and demanded from the central government the highest level of protection available. In addition to this outsized security apparatus, she constructed a private road from her residence to her office, which is cleaned immediately after her multiple vehicle convoy reaches its destination.”
Sending a message in a bottle is something we have all heard about. Of course if you do poke a note into a bottle and cork it tightl,y you don’t really expect it to be delivered in a timely fashion to the addressee do you?
Looking for the best paper shredders available in the market? Comparing one from another is really useful when buying a certain product or equipment. Here are some guidelines that could help you pick the paper shredder that suits your needs.
Love you guys!!
The first step was to disarm the Armenians and make them completely helpless.
Student : Sure.
(Barbra Streisand cover) (From "Funny Girl")
Touch me
And oops, I forgot to include my ROW80 progress on my Wednesday post. I am going great guns on the wordcount this week--Tuesday I even churned out 5K words. I'm super excited, and can't wait to get this novel all spit and polished! How's your writing life?
All the Prophets said this moment would come. The Hopi say we are the ones we have been waiting for. We are the Bird Tribes, circling and massing, congregating for our shared flight through cyberspace, to reach consciousness, nay, communion with that all-pervasive force of the Universe, call it what you will. We have five hundred days to go. So, are we ready?
Fax: +1.650.243.2750
This last picture is just to show how happy the little boy is (almost) all the time!!
Please listen to this beautiful song by Casting Crowns, "I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day" . . . Enjoy and have a beautiful Christmas!
to tell us that it's okay to shine,
I went home to New Zealand to spend Christmas with family. These pictures are taken at my boyfriends family farm in Whitecliffs, Canterbury NZ.
I’m sure you’ll have your own ideas, but for me, it’s simply about the power of sharing something with a bunch of other people. Just look at the faces of the people taking part. Yes, they are professionals, but the smiles look to me to be genuine expressions of delight, such a strong and instinctive emotion that it carries itself to those of us watching thousands of miles away via the Internet.
Draft #4 has already been handed off to the last two readers it will see before I query agents. I’m working on the edits from one of those readers today. Luckily, it’s a small pile of fixes. Mostly typos.
We still choose to let our children have fun with the Easter bunny and Easter baskets. We try to do as much of that as we can on Saturday; that way, the focus on Sunday can stay on Jesus Christ.
“I’ve always been interested in films. From an early age, I was in Elstree Youth Theatre. I started working on film sets as an extra and became a runner. I want to create films people want to see. Partly for the money but a lot of it for the creative side. I think I can tell a good story.
15th April- MTC, Cologne, Germany (with Stubb+more)
Friday and Saturday nights in British inner cities can resemble a scene from Sodom and Gomorrah as binge drinking and drug abuse are now serious problems. Teenagers and young men and women stagger through the streets in befuddled states of high intoxication and the sight of vomiting revellers or revellers so inebriated they lie unconscious where they fell on the pavement is common. Vicious street fights erupt each weekend around the bars and clubs, outside fast food outlets or even at taxi-ranks and it's all now part of the great British night out. Many of these drunken brawlers will continue fighting in casualty where assaults on hospital staff now means that security guards patrol a valuable resource provided gratis to all courtesy of the British taxpayer to treat people in need, yet many of those who benefit from it have zero respect or appreciation for just how precious such a service is to our society.
Pack away phone and wallet, open laptop and stare at screen.
And I just realised that I forgot to enter into Hanna and Friends who want a centre step sard. It was seeing this challenge that made me decide to do the centre step card in the first place. Duh!
And then the song of each member of these States.
ENJOY! XO
“What a pretty hand you have,
Because of all this, I left for work exactly ten minutes later than usual.
In That immobility, Glow there is no Time. Because Time is in The Becoming in Variations of Vibrations. Different frequencies of Vibrations depict different time and spaces.
There’s no question that fan mail is fantastic. I’ve been touched and humbled by letters and emails from readers, amazed at their generous response to my novel, and moved by the details they’ve shared about their lives. These letters remind me how intimate the act of reading is. I’m not just talking about those readers who’ve taken my book into bed with them, or read it in the bath (two of my favorite places); the intimacy I’m referring to is closer than that. The act of reading allows the writer’s imagination to infiltrate her reader’s mind, where the story is reconstituted and absorbed according to that reader’s experience and understanding. A good story gets under the reader’s skin.
Pattern: Buttrick 6164 top from 1999, and my go to skirt Vintage McCalls 9400 from the 50's
It isn't going to be all rainbows and unicorns of course. Life has bumps but I absolutely refuse to focus on them. They're irrelevant. I'll get through, I'll not only survive but I will thrive! Because I have, with practice, learned how to flip the coin and see the positive side.
Enter physicist Sean Carroll, who gamely tries (and, I think, succeeds) in unravelling the controversy in a post at his website Cosmic Variance: “A universe from nothing?” He thinks that Albert and Krauss are talking at cross purposes: that there are really two sets of questions that are fundamentally different, and each physicist faults the other for not considering his pet question. I’ll post a few excerpts from Sean’s piece, which is not easy reading but will well repay your attention. These are not substitutes for reading his whole post, but will at least outline the debate, and why it’s gone nowhere:
I hope that the weather is nice where you are. It is finally getting sunny here in Calgary Yay! Before we get to this week's challenge (inspired by the great weather I may add) it's time to announce last week's winners. Thanks to all who participated.
When my woman heart is in need
A look at the development of the doctrine of the Trinity (the relationship of the three “persons” of Father, Son and Holy Spirit in one Godhead) shows how orthodox doctrine was determined by factors such as evidence from the Bible and the assumptions inherent in Christian rituals. In terms of evidence from scripture, Christians saw that the idea of the Trinity is found throughout the New Testament. The New Testament describes the God of Israel, whom Jesus called “Father”, Jesus who is the Word made flesh (John 1:14) and the Son who died as a ransom for many (Mark 10:45); and the Spirit who is God’s presence among believers after Jesus’ ascension (Acts 2). In terms of Christian rituals ,the baptismal formula also revealed the threefold character of God, because the Christian was initiated in the name of the Father, Son and the Holy Spirit (Matthew 28:19). Christians were understood to be sealed with the Spirit, which was the cause of holiness in the church.
I grabbed some black pants in a couple different sizes and told him to try them on. "Let me see them after you have them on."
eUndies has recently been re-done to include some awesome new features, which add to the whole experience! For starters, there is a “soft add to cart” feature that allows you to add items to your cart without being redirected away from your current page – how handy! They also have an “Add this” button, so you can share what you want with your family and friends. You can also now review items!
The dying man giving up the fight
The wood was 4 $ per piece and I had the stain and paint was left over from previous projects.
Apple had another record-breaking financial quarter over the last three months. But it also hit several other high points…
Perhaps the most
By MELODY McDONALD
Cheezy name, but I can never pass up a new stout.
The story about Elizabeth Warren claiming to be a Native American minority brings to mind the Andrew Bolt court case in Australia last year. Mr Bolt, who runs a very successful Conservative blog was taken to court by nine 'Aboriginals' for breaching the Racial Discrimination Act by publishing two columns that questioned the new trend by light-skinned people to identify themselves as Aboriginal. Here is a composite of the nine who took Mr Bolt to court:
When you're doing that, do you flash on "Little Women," and imagine that you are Jo, bustling around and worrying, with your sisters and Marmee, working slavishly to help Beth's fever break?
Today was one of those "What the heck do I feel like listening to? I NEED MUSIC!" kinda days. I reluctantly selected a playlist on iTunes, and I found the perfect song for me right now...two songs actually...make that three. *sigh* There are a few people I've been struggling to find the words to talk to, and I think I may be sending out a few music clips. Sometimes, you just can't say it any better. Landon Pigg...you have a ridiculous name, but I love you right now! You may not be my typical listening material, but for some reason I always come back to your music. Right now, it speaks to me.
Ran to Chat to meet DBo and Joel at 6am before heading across on Mesa for an ascent of Fern Canyon. Bopped over Green on the way back, encountering some fairly treacherous icy conditions (freezing mist/drizzle all morning) on the 1st Saddle descent. Legs still have no pep on the uphills, but really psyched to get through this length of run with the shin feeling good.
“If you had had enough, you would have been throwing things.”
Traditional surgery or radiotherapy can only provide the perfect outcome in half of cases currently.
What this article did however was spark a conversation between my wife and I regarding Graffiti and art. Surprisingly we agreed that in the main genuine graffiti inspired art was in fact worthy of public display and as valid as cubism, Pollock’s Blue Poles that hangs in the National Gallery or any other art style that over the years has inspired debate. Now one of the glaringly obvious differences’ is that the art (graffiti) is applied to public and private buildings etc often without permission, the other of course is the tagging etc that is included in the genre. To me this is just defacing something that doesn’t belong to the tagger for reasons that seem a little akin to a male cat spraying to mark its territory.
Srah Srang is deemed as “The royal bathing pool” or “pool of ablutions”. It is located towards the east of Banteay Kdei and was built during the reign of Rajendraverman in the 10th century. It was later on enhanced and beautified by Jayavarman VII by laying out steps made of laterite stones with external margin of sandstone, on the banks of the pond facing the sun.
2) <U+821E> = Dance
- After being exposed to a small dose of Skiffle in the mid to late 50’s, it has been estimated that from 30,000 to 50,000 British youths immediately created their own groups. Imagine what will happen if the whole world becomes infatuated with it.
Honestly, I’m a little anxious about it.
We set the disc spinning, at a precise 33 and a third revolutions per minute.
If I say it’s an adult novel – or rather, don’t say it’s YA – how will an agent feel when they read the query and the sample pages? This author has no idea of her own market?
I came across some photos of Taniya Nayak's home in Boston. She is a host and designer on HGTV's Designed To Sell. She describes her home as a mix of transitional, industrial, and mid-century modern.
My father used to tell a story that took place when he was probably in his late thirties. He was standing in line at the bank with my grandfather, who turned to him and said something like, "Have you talked to Mommy today?" (Insert the sound of falling levels of testosterone...)
That’s why the words of a new song that I recently found recently echo so deeply within me. A song by Indica. Titled “In Passing”.
So you can imagine my shock when the clouds and rain rolled in on Monday and didn’t leave until Thursday! Of course this is the exact same timing I had signed up the twins for ‘horse camp’. Club Hipico (Horse Club) is a couple block walk away from our casa and ever since Danika went to a birthday party there last month she has been talking about horses. Horseback riding is quite popular here (hmmm…do you think this might be because my kids go to a private school now?) Regardless, it seems Spanish and the price was good so I signed them up, although I am a little worried that this may be the start of an entirely new stream of money outflow.
Further,it would expose the state as undemocratic and controlling lawful parties political parties for their own interests.
I am not normally a big fan of yellow - even though it is such a bright sunny colour - but it is a HOT trendy colour right now!! So we'd like you to choose one colour to team up with yellow! I do like the classic grey and yellow combo - so that's what i chose.
for their food hand out
BrewDog Punk IPA
Confession 4:
Each comment = 1 entry. The more entries(comments) you do, the better chance you have of winning. If you have any questions about how to enter, please contact me at LaurenTurner949(at)gmail(dot)com.
First up is "Happy Retirement", which includes one scripture stamp, two sentiments, and a super gorgeous (and dreamy) scene.....perfect to use not only for retirement cards, but anything from vacation scrapbooks, birthday cards, encouragement, and much more!
Fish oil also plays an important role in ridding the brain of unwanted substances:
Lions center Dominic Raiola has a different mindset about playing in the NFL. Raiola knows that it's a brutal game and doesn't have any regrets. He knows what he signed up for and says he wouldn't think of ever suing the league.
This is way too much fun. Seriously, can you tell I have a problem with textiles? I think I'll continue this little exercise on Monday with another few fabric combos. Have a great weekend! We're off to Boston for Baby Shower North. The last trip we'll be making as a twosome and sans Baby and likely the last time I'll see Boston for at least 6-8 months :(
I swapped in bracelets for vintage ones my grandmother gave me. The MAC Viva Glam lipstick is such a great color! Especially if you're fair like me. :)
P.P.P.S: Next time I'll make these again but coat one side of the biscuit with chocolate. Can't wait to dunk those in a glass of milk! mmmmm!
CrazyAxMurderer: What's up? Did Frabrizio call?
Last month, a Greek prosecutor filed felony charges against a prominent banker over a financial scandal that led to the EU/IMF-funded nationalization of small lender Proton Bank (PRBr.AT).
So the plan for the rest of the year is simple: fix the ceiling and get some books. Now that I've come clean about my lack of progress, perhaps I'll also write some more blog posts - there are recent discoveries that I want to share.
Begin b by measuring out your oats. I typically start with either 1/2 cup. Then pour that into your bowl, or container of choice.
2. Nanny McPhee's functions were mystical in nature while Flow can be explained by science. Or can it?
She said she has heard it from her father countless times: A Chechen girl who loses her virginity before marriage is a prostitute, and Allah will punish her.
Just by looking at these shots, i suddenly felt stronger, happier and less broken.
I withdrew my work –
But my favorite change so far HAS to be the dining room! What a transformation!
To those whose twisted thoughts we’d rather label craziness.
There comes a point when one has had enough with both sides of the aisle. Ok...there comes a point when THE CENTRIST DUDE has had enough with both sides of the aisle. And those not in an aisle as well.
I hate to ask personal questions in this kind of context. I suppose I feel that I should be going after the answers myself. But since I had to ask something when it was time, I came up with a health question. (I’ve always got those.) I said that although I had been getting stronger and stronger with the energetic inputs I’d been getting from Michael and other sources, in the past few weeks I had been sick a lot and still didn’t feel like I was quite right. I asked whether I might have picked up something from a patient or been energetically damaged somehow in the course of my work. The person doing the reading had trouble getting anything, and other people tried to help. Everyone, including a Reconnective Healing practitioner who was in the class, felt that something was actually wrong, but nobody could put their finger on it. Betsy told me that I could ask again later, but I was feeling so completely filled with good Qi by the entities around me that it didn’t seem like an urgent question anymore.
I love Fox Mulder. And chocolate cream pies. And the Penguins when they come back to win hockey games.
and then there are the movies which are so perfect in every way that they feel like they were made exactly for you.
My best friend Sophia (that’s her real name, I love her. shout out!) and I went to the same high school, same college, and joined the same sorority. We’re pretty much inseparable, or we were til she decided to go to law school. Sophia was a Political Science major, and I was a Chemistry major. So she had normal men in her classes and I had….Chem/Bio/Math majors in my classes.
“Before you answer,” Ariela held up her left hand as her right dangled by her side, knife at the ready, “you should know two things. First, I’ll remind you that lies will result in pain for your daughter. And I can tell when someone is lying. Second, I think you and your family were sent here to probe our defenses and reconnoiter our strengths and weaknesses. You may be doing so under duress – perhaps someone else has threatened you or your children and that’s why you’re doing it – or you may be in league with the other attackers. I don’t really care which. I just need to know if I’m right or wrong.”
Anyway, it was a much nicer visit this time, last time when I went with Isaac and my friend Siana, it was a beautiful sunny weekend, so everyone and their mom was there. Today it was so quiet! I loved it.
If our presentation of Christianity to those who are not Christians is focused around what they’re doing wrong, rather than the immensity of God’s love for humanity, we’re missing the point.
I really want this weekend to be different. Weekends are usually really rough having the kids so much and struggling to find stuff that I can handle to do with them. I have a sitter Saturday night and am going to connect with a friend for dinner at LEAST. Then if I feel like I can’t go out, I’m not gonna beat myself up or let what people say get to me. If I need to come home and relax around the house, then I will. I will let my comfort zone be alright and not let myself feel ashamed about what I need to do to be sane. I’m sick of making excuses and feeling like I have to explain myself. I don’t. I know the less I let other makes me feel bad and beat up myself, the more confident I will get over time.
I’m officially taking my vote away from Obama. You can’t run on platforms to get elected, then go on television and become the cool President, all the while undermining the people who voted you in. Sell it to someone else! I’m through listening; become a man of conviction. You have single handily proven why we are IMPERIALISTS.
But far more significant was the President's trip to the National Council of La Raza in Washington yesterday where the President spoke on the need for Hispanic empowerment and the need to pass comprehensive immigration reform. With his position among whites weakening and his standing in states like North Carolina and Virginia and Indiana very much up for grabs, the President is going to need to consolidate his hold in states with large Hispanic populations like Florida, Colorado, New Mexico and Nevada, that he won last time, and add other states with Hispanic populations like Arizona, Illinois and New Jersey, and to be able to get the 270 electoral votes that he needs to win the election.
And Bayaz, the First of the Mahi, is leading a party of bold adventurers on a mission through the ruins of the past. The most hated woman in the South, most feared man in the North, and most selfish boy in the Union make strange companions, but, if only they didn't hate each other so much, potentially deadly ones.
“The 269.9 acres state land at BDC Kuching is a good example. The state could have earned about RM500 million from the sale of the land.
Circumstances conspired to stop me buying a copy of the book: the UK cover isn't nearly so appealing as the one in the post below, and the women from the bookshop that were selling it couldn't be bothered to get their debit/credit card machine from the car: "There's a cash point just outside." One of them said.
Hope you have a beautiful weekend, Friends!
“Philately: the study of stamps, postal history and other related items.”
Federal officials delisted wolves in the Northern Rockies based on Idaho’s commitment to maintain between 518 and 732 wolves. But the governor broke this promise, leading to Idaho’s policy of killing off hundreds of wolves. This gives new unfortunate meaning to the old phrase of “bait and switch.”
My wife and I went to have an ultrasound yesterday and found out that we are expecting triplets. We already have a 2 year old daughter and the thought of adding 3 more and doubling our family was a bit overwhelming. Not to mention the fact that the doctor doing the ultrasound was incredibly negative. He put on the doomsday cap and started telling us everything that could go wrong and that we should consider a selective reduction around week 10-12 mark.
I love drafting a new story. It fills me with energy. I can’t sleep for thinking about it. I spend every minute (waking or otherwise) thinking about this new book-in-the-making.
The two primary musical influences on "Eight Miles High" were Indian sitar player Ravi Shankar (who taught George Harrison how to play that instrument) and avant-garde jazz saxophonist John Coltrane. According to Roger McGuinn, the only recorded music that the Byrds brought along on the 1965 American tour was a tape with Ravi Shankar ragas on one side and two Coltrane albums on the other. "We played that damn thing 50 or 100 times through a Fender amplifier" that was plugged into the electrical system of the band's tour RV, McGuinn said.
The signers of the Declaration of Independence pledged their lives, their fortunes and their sacred honor. Their honor they put last, in the chief place. That was what counted. And you can feel it, when 18th Century men write about their honor, or the horror of being dishonored: it's central to them, a mainspring of their thought and action. For something so central to simply vanish from a culture is astonishing. (I say “men” advisedly. The concept of honor for women was an entirely different and lesser thing: it had to do mostly with sexual fidelity, and it's hard to see it as much more than an instrument of subjection. More about that anon.) Your first guess, of course, would that “honor” hasn't really vanished: it's just going by another name. People do still talk about integrity, about being true to yourself, that sort of thing. And that, certainly, is half of what 18th Century men meant by honor.
It truly was a wonderful Mother's Day. I didn't spend a majority of it with my kids, but I spent a good portion of Friday and most of Saturday with them.
When we got home, I stopped the car in the driveway and we listened to the last couple minutes. I laughed in delight when it came to a crashing end.
Every doctor takes the Hippocratic Oath which is: First, do no harm. This doctor irrefutably caused irreparable harm to all of Nadya’s older children. The odds are very high that at least one of the octuplets will have permanent cognitive impairment – if not all. Three of her older children were already diagnosed along the autism spectrum, including ADHD – before she got implanted with the octuplets.
We've gathered up some lovely goody bags filled with surprises from our sponsors. PLUS: chances to win a fabulous camera bag from Ketti Handbags and Jo Totes. PLUS: the sweet Elise from Blowfish Shoes (the lady behind the Blowfish Twitter and Instagram) is headed to Portland to hang out with us at the event! She's planning a little game for you all.... and, yes: a few lucky bloggers will be winning some Blowfish Shoes! Heck yeah!
out the door
- Excerpt from unpublished story (untitled)
5) Pick out a whole bunch of items to try on (I tried on 18 pieces this year... some were fabulous, some were okay, some were completely ill-fitting and gross once I tried them on). You never truly know what will look good or how something will fit until it's on your body. The line for the fitting rooms are usually long, so browse the whole store and load up so you'll only have to wait in line once.
Promise?
The nation's second largest childcare provider, Bright Horizons, will work with the Partnership for a Healthier America to implement the checklist at nearly 600 child care centers across the country. The Partnership is a coalition of non-profit foundations that was created in 2010 to support the Let's Move! campaign.
Iván Meade – You are quite mysterious when it comes to finding out more about you, I had trouble finding information for my intro. Could you tell us a little more about yourself? We love to hear about our interviewees path to success!
The disturbance can be so pervasive that the mental lives of some individuals revolve only around activities that lessen gender distress. They are often preoccupied with appearance, especially early in the transition to living in the opposite sex role. Relationships with parents also may be seriously impaired. Some males with gender identity disorder resort to self-treatment with hormones and may (very rarely) perform their own castration or penectomy. Especially in urban centers, some males with the disorder may engage in prostitution, placing them at a high risk for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. Suicide attempts and substance-related disorders are common.
More later. Peace.
I know the movie opens on the the 23rd, but if you're a nut
Dress; Rose Pink-Pink Carnation-Blossom
Then you learn how to apply this to living forms. As people move from place to place and perform actions, their bodies, limbs, even their clothes and hair (and everything else) are affected by the forces exerted by the muscles working against gravity, wind and air resistance, and this is expressed by drawing the forms squashed down or stretched out. Also, bodies can squash or stretch if they're affected by external forces out of their control (like a person tripping and falling face first on the sidewalk...their face might very well squash into the hard pavement).
Throw it in the preheated pan and cook it for a few minutes, until lightly brown and dry looking on the underside, with some darker brown spots. Flip it over and cook for slightly less time, until the dough on the second side is definitely dry with some golden spots. You can press on any thicker spots at this point to encourage them to cook through. Remove to a rack or cookie sheet to cool completely. Continue to do this with all your dough.
I know this is just one step to the 1,000th person to follow my blog. I know this is the just one step to the 1 million LIKEs of one of posts. Got start somewhere right? I’m ready and loving this journey and I ain’t stopping. Moving along….one step at a time….
Practicing yoga is supposed to be about awareness. Reading these books has been like my first handstand: freeing and terrifying.What are you afraid of? How is it binding you?
By early 2003, in an attempt to house newly-arrived asylum seekers, the Labour government turned to private companies to use hotels and large estate homes as so-called induction centres.
I seriously can't take any more reflection right now, unless we're talking mirrors, which I don't really like either because my hair needs to be re-dyed.
This story is full of intrigue, romance, and adventure. Most historical fiction novels are centered on the Kings and Queens of the era. The view in this book is from the opposite side-the Church. It is an interesting view that I have explored very little. The people of the church were as corrupt as anyone could ever be. The Popes had misstresses and dozens of illigetimate children. They were not beyond murder or anything else in orer to keep their positions.
The need to have Blacks and Whites to talk about racism with each other.
The colours above are, from left to right, Hazelnut, Vermont Apple, Sunrise, Bubblegum, Winter Sky, Sunrise (again), Bloomin', and Vermont Rosewood. I had a hard time making up my mind - they are all so beautiful - and Linda allowed me to order a mixed set. I can't wait! But I have to wait - for Tom to get the wood and to make them by hand - each one, just for me. Linda will make my case and Tom will sign it. There is just no comparison. I'll love using my exceptional knitting tools!
Adults and teens need booster shots so they don’t give pertussis to the babies in their lives, said CDC spokeswoman Alison Patti.
20. My mother taught me HUMOR.
The Flower Kings have played Europe semi - regularly and the occasional Prog Festival in the U.S.
Kimmie
The problem is, while some small presses reveal their iffiness on initial research, or demand a wait-and-see approach because they're untried start-ups, there's no way to predict the implosion of an apparently established, active publisher like Aspen Mountain Press. No matter how careful you are, some risk is inevitable. Fortunately, there are ways to protect yourself--some of which are suggested in my blog post, Precautions for Small Press Authors, and also in the brand-new Small Press page at Writer Beware.
are we
4.) Tell us about the challenges of a new brewpub specializing in English beers blazing the craft beer trail in Indiana.
Axelrod: this election is going to be about
So, I would say there’s a much better way. And that is allow the people to make their decisions and not get the government involved. You know, it has only been…
In this country, how much is the life of Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman from Soham worth?Seemingly for Wolf, the answer is 'exactly the same amount as their killers'. Victim dies, the killer dies. Balance has been restored! It's so simple, it's almost childish! Yes...almost.
Right now it is almost dark, and the father is perched on the roof of the nest box. I hope he knows what he's doing. I hope somebody's going to keep those eggs warm tonight.
This request was refused by the High Court. From time to time the Court gets annoyed about the way cases can drag on through the appeal process. In Gordon v HMA [2009] HCJAC 52, for example, Lord Carloway commented on the growing number of cases where there were delays, and he noted that “The procedure is not concerned with considering the prospects, remote or likely, of an appellant seeking to amend his grounds of appeal in the fullness of time. “
Apple butter.
Click on the pic to download a copy!
Under the doctrine of separation of the powers of government, the law-making functions is assigned exclusively to the legislative, and the legislative branch cannot delegate the power to make laws to any other authority. But it must be borne in mind that what cannot be delegated is that which is purely legislative in nature, not administrative. There are powers so far legislative that may properly be exercised by the legislature, but which may nevertheless be delegated because they may be advantageously exercised in proper cases by persons belonging to the other departments of the government, such as the authority to make rules and regulations of administrative character to carry out an legislative purposes or to effect the operation and enforcement of a law. As illustrations of the proper exercise of the power of Congress to delegate the authority to promulgate rules and regulations with the necessary details to carry into effect a law, are Act No. 3155 empowering the Governor General then, now the President, to suspend or not, at his discretion, the prohibition of the importation of foreign cattle (Cruz vs.Youngberg, 56 Phil., 234; Act No. 3106 authorizing the Commissioner of the Public Service Commission to regulate those engaged in various occupations or business affected with a public interest, and to prescribe what the charges shall be for services rendered in the conduct of such business (Cebu Autobus Co. vs. De Jesus, 56 Phil., 446); and the National Industrial Recovery Act enacted by the Congress of the United States authorizing the President to promulgate administrative rules and regulations to carry out the emergency measure enacted by Congress, though a part thereof was declared unconstitutional for producing a delegation of legislative authority which is unconfined, “and not canalized within banks to keep it from ever flowing.”
If you’re going with a few friends, you have to try the pork belly, the duck gumbo, the burger, carolina middlins, corn muffins, and the oyster pot pie. Oh and the rolls they serve at the beginning of the meal are delicious. So are the cocktails. Basically, show up, order something, and you can’t go wrong. Of all the restaurants I’ve been to in NYC, The Redhead is one of a few where I thought all the dishes we ordered were really tasty. Oh, and if you’re going to order the duck gumbo after sharing a few appetizers–get the 6 oz. I got the 10 oz. and was sad to see about 3 oz. of it go to waste.
The City of Bloomington Arts Commission (BAC) Announces Its April 2012 Grant Recipients
Nate: He says you're welcome.
What? Oh! My apologies. Sometimes I just argue with myself this way. The doctors have informed my caregivers that I will be perfectly peachy just as long as I properly take my medicine... :)
For couples spending their wedding night at home try and get a key to their house or apartment and set up a romantic setting in their bedroom with food, drinks and maybe flower petals scattered around the room. Stay away from candles since you don't want to light them in advance and unlit candles aren't as romantic.
Dark is the night of fear, still of all sound.
Random guy in crowd: RED! RED! RED! RED! RED!
If you watch the news, Room is eerily reminiscent of Jaycee Dugard, who was kidnapped in 1991 at age 11 and held hostage for more than 18 years. While in captivity, she gave birth to two daughters, who were 11 and 15 when she was discovered last year. (Ironically, a follow-up interview between Dugard and Diane Sawyer is airing today.) But Donoghue takes care to note that no one case inspired her novel, and that Dugard in particular wasn’t found until after the book published.
You want to read something terrifying? Read Chapter 9 of Susan Faludi's Backlash: The Undeclared War Against American Women*. It was written TWENTY YEARS AGO, and it reads like Johnny Carson's "Carnac the Magnificent," revealing the punchlines before the joke is read. Except this is no joke. It's terrifyingly, nauseatingly real. The war has not only been declared, it's being won by 7 to 2 votes cast by middle-aged white men.
In a most common fashion, a large number of Pakistani troops, with their armoured vehicles, lay siege to the area from where they want to drive out the Baloch, bomb the area for hours, torch houses and harass and torture women, children and aged people, loot valuables and livestock and sometimes burn the livestock and people alive, the press release also read.
Paint the back wall a vibrant color or use fun wallpaper. I know for a lot of people wallpaper is a dirty word, but seriously, if you can’t have fun in the closet then you must not have enjoyed middle school. Live a little.
Currently there is no way to focus on a specific race to work on for your projects. If the current project for a certain race is a rare one that you want to prioritize, it doesn’t make any difference for the digsite that is given to you. However, the continents tend to have more types of ruins than others. For example, Kalimdor is loaded with Night Elf ruins – it was very rare for me to not have one up for my four available digs.
Children love to feel responsible, challenged and respected. But most children don’t like being told what to do… iRewardChart also allows you to set up abstract goals like “Patience” and “Sharing With Others”, so rewards teach the virtues you want your child to learn.
would be able to buy US$425,000. This is what we call “Gononomics”.
I’m quite content with hostels! Yes, guesthouses can be a little more quaint, but for me the hostels offer more of what I look for in travel. I found I could always make friends in a bigger group of people. Clean dorm rooms and good showers are important to me! Orderly processes of check-in and check-out seem to work better for me!
a blood-thirsty condemnation which could just as easily be applied to more recent periods in history, and possibly even modern-day America, as 19th century Prussia.
I used my powers to help myself and the team, but my powers were limited, but we were able to clear or almost clear several more underground levels; but eventually we had to retreat back to the first underground level after getting over-whelmed.
Fast forward to 2012 and I am in the best shape of my life. I have run a few half-marathons. I lift weights regularly and I crave physical activity like never before.
In order to prepare for our church-wide immersion in The Story, which will take place in the fall of 2012, leaders, teachers, and facilitators who work with children, youth, and adults will gather on May 5, 8:30 am to 12:30 pm for a morning of equipping, training, and interaction.
But then people started to get sick. Some people broke out in horrible welts that covered their entire body, others always felt sick to their stomachs, some got dizzy easily or suffered excruciating headaches. Some people even died right after they ate their dinner or right after a healthful walk.
I was recently contacted by a reader, Chedva Kleinhandler, who lives in Isreal and was inquiring about shipping costs for some wallpaper. Well one thing leads to another, and I discover her beautiful blog Belly Button and she points me in the direction of a fabulous designer Gili Ungar that she now works with and *poof* here I am sharing with you. I just love how this all works!
836. French Fries @ Monkey Wrench (Louisville, KY) 8:56 p.m.
For the lid I used a lot of PVA glue, a vellum bird from the K&Co flora and fauna ephemera pack, some music paper from a large vintage collage sheet (and they mean LARGE... its going to last me forever lol) , more versamagic chalk ink through sequin waste and some gold polish. the pompom trim was a gift from a crafting friend. I simply glued the paper and bird on to the lid then used paints and more glue to build up texture (aided by the heatgun blistering the paint and glue).
Lurking in the shadows is my need to work. Like many accounting professors, I didn’t get started until my late 30s. My savings aren’t where they need to be to provide a desirable retirement lifestyle. Professors who share my circumstances often joke about dying in the saddle.
Till later, keep safe and be happy.
Around 350 MPs who sit in the House of Commons on select committees will be offered the devices without having to trade.
All beers listed without a brewery are Amber Ales. Percentages supplied are a mixture of guesswork and fact. Prices ranged from £2.80 for Derbyshire Gold to £3.30 or so fpr the plus 6% beers.
- Swords & Wizardry White Box: This is the scrappy little system I used for my first ConstantCon session of Tales from the Hotel Kaladarian. Prior to that single session I had never before played any D&D edition (or retro-clone thereof) prior to 1977, i.e., Holmes. It ran well, though at times I missed the easy familiarity of Labyrinth Lord. In any case, I haven't even come close to playing enough White Box to say that I've given it a fair trial yet.
So the next time you need to, or better yet, want to travel…Let us help, it’s what we do.
and sees more clearly
John Christie - Here's To Love
Since Barry appeared ready to hit the ski slopes, he is the image I went with! I started by printing him out onto SU Whisper White cs, then colored him in with my copics. After cutting him out with my rectangle nestabilities, I added some Sugar Sparkly Fluff so it would look like Barry was standing in the snow!
Mentioning Moleskine has reminded me that we have some new arrivals in the garden, the new batch of moorhen chicks and a mole who has started throwing up some molehills under the shrubbery. Molehills are good for collecting and using to grow seedlings in.
Far from being irrelevant, our beliefs about the ultimate nature of reality frame our perspective on how we can and do act to create, sustain, and change the physical, social, and spiritual world of which we are all a part.
Then again, the danger in not having a plan is that I could end up writing the same novel for years and never get to the ending, or worse, the climax, so I do have to be careful.
The creation of a framework, an atmosphere, a structure, is not prayer, but it is a necessary preliminary to prayer. It is within the atmosphere of inner discipline and simplicity that prayer can begin to grow. The eastern church, in its teaching on prayer focuses on the constant use of the Name of Jesus. The first recorded teaching about the invocation of the Name of Jesus comes in the mid- fifth century writer Diadochus. He recommended the prayer “Lord Jesus Christ have mercy on me” as a way of cleansing the mind of its sickness, and he recommended this to beginners. The Prayer of Jesus was to be used inwardly and secretly at all times – when dropping off to sleep, when waking, when eating or drinking, while talking. It is seen as a prayer which both binds the mind and unifies the personality. Thus Philotheus of Sinai in the tenth c century says: “By the memory of Jesus Christ gather together your mind that is scattered abroad. Through the Fall this dis-integration has happened, but memory of God restores primal wholeness.”
Wash and cut the potatoes into 3/4 inch cubes, skins on if you like.
The rule is that you can be any word that has a double letter in it. So you can be a grEEn glaSS dOOr. You can be an aPPle but not a banana. You can wish Just JeNNifer HaPPy but you can't wish her birthday.
It was his turn to go silent now. The words hit him hard and he felt a part of him go numb. He did not know what to say next. His mind had gone totally blank.
The main female protagonist in Defy is Tate. She’s the firstborn daughter of Skye and Caleb from my book Foretold. Her character was largely shaped to be the perfect complement to Zachariah. She also had to be a blend of her parents in personality and appearance, and based upon early reader feedback, I succeeded in that. Tate is adventurous, spontaneous, fun-loving, spirited, good-humored, strong and courageous. Some of those traits get her into quite a bit of trouble, though!
City:
He massaged my feet, rotated my ankles, kneaded my calves, and slightly slid my legs apart to work on my thighs. OMG! I felt a sensational warm wave go through me. My breasts tingled, my magic button swelled, and my vagina throbbed as the moisture continued to ooze from me. As he massaged the back of my thighs, I thought I would die from embarrassment when I noticed he’d discovered my wetness.
This morning, my dad was taking Dylan to school so Jim and I could tour a school. I made sure he took the cookie cake, and told Dylan that Jim and I would pick him up later. While we were out, I got a call on my cell, but I didn't recognize the number, so I didn't answer. Now, here's the crazy part...
Did you have a turning point in 2011? A point where homeschooling became easier, or conversely, more difficult?
Put the roast into a pan and drizzle with a cup of honey and 1 1/2 cups apple cider. Slice up two onions and scatter those around the sides of the pork.
Peyton: “I’ll make pots.”
On January 16, just a little over midnight I was awakened with Don McLean’s name. Dazed and confused, I could not recall who Don McLean was. Still wondering about the name, I involuntarily sang the ‘American Pie’ chorus in my mind, thus, I remembered. I asked “What about him?” Then I panicked as a strong thought hit me- that America is coming close to her end!
Talk of Robber Barons and Monopolies is anti-free market rhetoric cooked up by leftists who hate capitalism
We are in the middle of trying to finance an adoption. We cannot afford this. I don't know what to do. I HAVE to repair the hernia. I can't get it repaired without moving the band. I am stuck.
If you haven’t listened to my latest (and best, to my way of thinking) guest appearance on a radio show, here’s your chance:
6. I frequently bring my own can of soda to fast food restaurants
Watched all the bitterness burn
Self Reiki and Leg Drains followed by a touch of meditation in the morning sun. Afternoon…Scouted out some new parks riding the old bike with the kiddos.
I adore headbands but I will admit I was a little leery of ordering one because I could not try it on first and if a headband is even a smidge too tight I won’t wear it because then I just end up with a giant headache. But I’m happy to report that this headband seems to fit well and although I have only worn it once, it was for about 5 hours and I remained headache free!
7:00pm – ‘Ohana Cup – USA Tomahawks v Tonga Mate M’a
Don't open it for at least 3 weeks.
What would be hard for you to give up?
Saturday, k had his Alumni Crawfish Boil event at the school. I volunteered to work the registration table with people from his office (Actually, let me clarify. K volun-told me to work the registration table. Thanks k!), and I stood in the 95 degree sun for 3 hours and ended up getting burnt to a crisp. Only on the backs of my legs. In the knee-pits. Wonderful.
3. Red, orange or yellow tomatoes on the vine, $1.99/lb. at Central Market (through 5/11/10)
and see the sun
Also I URGE you to try both of Marble's belgian style beers. The chocolate dubbel is utterly brilliant and I really can't get enough of it. It is quite simply as good, if not better than most of the dubbels I've ever drank, ultra complex nuttiness interplays with caramel and chocolate bitterness and Marble's signature hoppy length. The tripel is also right up there, a truly beautiful drink that's all biscuit and restrained floral notes, super body and long dry finish.
I'm not going to lie to you; I never liked you. Oh, yes, way back in the day, when you were just the ineffectual governor of my state, I might have murmured something less than completely hostile about you from time to time, such as "Oh, well, he's not particularly racist, for a Republican."
Below we show some of the accessories, starting with bracelets in ‘Two-Way Deco Print’ and ‘Green Plaid,’ both $16.99.
Here's where the bribe comes in. If you register and vote for Leslie, (Leave me a comment telling me you did.) I'll send you a free ebook. (Blue Eyes and Other Teenage Hazards or Playing the Field--although if you live near me or will see me at a conference soon, I have a variety of paperbacks you can choose from too.) If you also vote for Leslie for the next four days (You can vote once ever 24 hours--and once you're registered, it only takes a few seconds each day.) I'll promise to send you my next ebook free too. (It will be a rewrite of either Masquerade or Dakota's Revenge, whichever I get to first.)
Those that remain at the club are focussing on finishing the season by winning the remaining games. All the while the original Franchise FC – credit to the AISA History booklets by Tony Attwood and Andy Kelly for observing that Chelsea were formed specifically to play in the Football League and have no history prior to this – are in the Champions League, third place is the only position that guarantees Champions League football; it would be a tense night for the fourth placed side were Chelsea to continue with their recent run of good form in the Camp Nou.
Therefore, I am amazed that I am still a Christian and in the ministry. I think I might be close to what Jude felt…To him who is able to keep ME. I think Jude was amazed at the keeping of God and that is what it took to keep me.
After you correspond your longest ie character, you beggary to eff who to channelise it to. In this article, you'll see where to perceive an publicizing leaning and trade disposal listings to forbear with your IT marketing efforts.
And the African population in South Africa had by then also increased by 50% percent.(source: "a crime against humanity: analysing repression of the Apartheid State", by Max Coleman of the Human Rights Committee).
Everyone should prepare their complete character sheet and email it to me or post it on the blog. I will review and revise it as needed and repost the final sheet.
I will post the challenge entries on the Challenge page.
Hataway denies that he then shoved Clarke’s head into the ground.
It’s called for boycott of China due to killings of dogs and cats etc.; Japan for killing of whales and dolphins. So using/killing of dogs, cats, whales and dolphins isn’t ok, but it’s ok to use/kill other nonhuman animals. You aren’t being consistent if you think that all animal are equal but you call for boycott of those countries for those reasons. How can non-vegans be against use of cats, dogs etc. but have nothing against use of other nonhuman animals? That’s breathtaking inconsistency.
The tree stand is wrapped with a piece of red velvet fabric that I bought at a Thrift Store and the heart box under the tree was a red velvet candy box that I embellished.....
So I leave you with a non-Potter quote (I know, I know...you're disappointed). But it's still a good one to ponder...
I have been thinking a lot about sticking to personal boundaries and protecting my ideal work/life balance...
College is a playground. It’s a place to make friends. It’s a place to use your imagination. Most importantly, it’s a place to make mistakes. Getting bumps and bruises on the playground is inevitable, but you quickly learn how to recover. Is it the same for college relationships? Heartache after heartache, you learn how to recover quickly. Brush it off and continue to play-get played. Mistakes are mutual. Maybe it’s a crush in class, a cute passerby on campus, a random hottie at a party, or even a high school sweetheart you brought to college. As simple as those categories seem, none of them are considered easy. Every situation is tempting but no situation is promising.
The process can be a lot of hard work and take a long time. There are tools to help FSBO sellers manage the complexity, but they do generally eat into the profits from the sale.
When a thick fog descends upon a rural community and claims the lives of anyone unfortunate enough to be caught outside, a small band of survivors seeks refuge in a local grocery store. Now I don’t normally like a movie stuck in one place (except dawn of dead) but this really breaks the mold of normal horror films because it’s not just moronic teenagers with no personality, but this film gets you feeling for the characters and makes the impact of character deaths all the more disturbing (if you have seen the end you know what I mean) the monsters in this film are hidden well behind the mist which makes it more creepy and shocking when they strike. It’s a horror/sci-fi movie of real conviction. It deserves to be a hit.
6:40 Eli Paper Boy Reed and the True Loves
March 29, 1951
The Upsetters - The Thanks We Get
The 911 operator replies: "Okay. And this guy, is he white, black or Hispanic?", to which Zimmerman responds: "He looks black."
In addition to the question of how the different types of correctness are individuated, there is the question of how they are related. However, in order to answer this we need to explain one final aspect of practical reasoning, which by happy coincidence is the very same aspect required to address the problem of value. This is the fact that the vast majority of practical reasoning is non-monotonic. Precisely what this means is easier to explain in relation to theoretical reasoning, most of which is similarly non-monotonic. A non-monotonic theoretical inference is one that does not remain good regardless of what additional premises one adds to it, i.e., an inference that is defeasible. To take Brandom’s example, the inference from ‘I’m about to strike this dry, well made match’ to ‘It will light’ is a good one, but this ceases to be the case if we add the additional premise ‘A strong magnetic field is present’. This is known as a defeasor. There can also be counter-defeasors, such as ‘I’m standing in a faraday cage’, and counter-counter-defeasors such as ‘I’m also in a vacuum’. Now, instrumental reasoning can be non-monotonic in precisely the same way as theoretical reasoning, because it is governed by the inferential relations between the corresponding theoretical commitments (e.g., all of the defeasors of the above inference are defeasors of the inference ‘It is too dark to see, therefore I will light a match’). However, it is the non-monoticity specific to motivational reasoning that concerns us.
That campaign was at its most fun when the characters were all hopelessly incompetent, but as they gained experience it became a lot more run-of-the-mill — I don't mean it wasn't fun then too, but it wasn't really much different to any other campaign. In the beginning, decisions like what farm equipment to take with them really mattered (they decided to take the anvil, for some reason). Later on, that sort of stuff disappeared. Ah well.
When you’re such a gentleman
In conclusion, Slated is a sophisticated, intelligent, thought-provoking dystopian thriller that I would highly-recommend. Watch out Suzanne Collins and Sophie McKenzie, there’s a new writer in town and I predict great things for Teri Terry. I think she’s a writer to watch and I hope to see many awards won and hopefully, sometime soon, Slated, the movie.
The Russians, however, have decided to lay their cards on the table. Their Defense Minister and the Chief of their General Staff went public with a rather bald threat: Build these installations, and at the first sign of a crisis between Russia and the West, they'll take those installations the fuck out. Which means bombing Poland, which will piss off the Poles (although they should be used to the idea).
1 repeating
Carl Sagan was the first to remind us that “We are all stardust,” in Cosmos (a series co-created by the Director of this film). Twenty five years on, The Journey of the Universe will show us how the lineage of stardust can shape the way we feel about our own planet, so that we might better cherish and protect what gave us life and nourishes us still.
Ever have one of those moments where your mind just goes blank? And the rest of you goes blank? No other thought existed in my head except for the "I have to listen to that song". So I found it on Spotify. And I played it. It took me back to a time when a certain French Canadian boy introduced me to such music. I still know the lyrics to this song. And I don't speak french :)
KEEP THEM.
THE DECLINE OF THE AMERICAN EMPIRE (Canada) directed by Denys Arcand
And with the continual statement of the specular, there is always the spectacle, and the image, and the concentration on the Gaze. And the Audience. The "peanut crunching crowd". Us.
Dear God, please continue to bless and guide my baby's development. I thank You for Your love and protection.
When appropriate, designers will also receive product from our monthly sponsor to use in the creation of their layouts.
Fernando Pessoa. An original, an endless source of puzzles and ideas. You do not even have to read his work for him to generate ideas, but just read about him and his system of heteronyms. Please see seraillon for a recent post on The Book of Disquiet and a piece about Antonio Tabucchi and Pessoa.
But listen to ‘Citizens for Bahrain’, a group that claims to have organised to spread unity among Bahrainis states on their website: “The deaths quoted by these organisations (Bahrain Centre for Human Rights and Press TV) include numerous people who died a matter of weeks after they supposedly inhaled teargas; in several cases, there were disputes with the doctors, family and the authorities about the death; and a number with complications related to asthma or genetic illness.” They continue: “If you take Press TV and Al Alam TV seriously — there have been no natural deaths in Bahrain over the last year and everybody who dies in sleep has been highlighted by these Iranian propaganda channels as ‘martyrs of the barbaric Saudi backed regime in Manama’.”
¦Use some type of lattice
The Southern Poverty Law Center’s $147,000-a-year public relations guru, Mark Potok, recently appeared at a local Virginia university to talk about, what else, “The State of Hate in America: The Radical Right Since 9/11<U+2033>
Wet Twisted Tau kee, 20 pcs
I have to say that this new mall is incredible. I had more fun "people watching" than actually shopping. All of the pictures were taken on a cell phone (i.e. and they blow). I really wished that I had taken my "Bad Boy Camera" but the day wasn't about me and my hobby.
Erst I fleshed my maiden steel
That decision will take into account the possible outcome of November’s U.S. presidential election.
it was fun.
That it’s taking me a long time To become the person I want to be.
Materials and Toos Used:
This site was created by the government to inform and prepare families for emergencies caused by extreme weather events. It's a great resource in classrooms where there is a threat of weather phenomena such as tornadoes and floods. It does a wonderful job of explaining weather events and talking about why and how we have to be prepared for them. Complete with games, checklists, and even teacher and parent materials, it's a great resource for mentally and physically preparing children for extreme weather events.
... and the best book for building your online presence.
I'm going to ACL this year, and I was curious to see what my mother's stance was on the headliners. Do we still differ in tastes? Has she meandered over into the indie realm yet or is she still stuck in 1995?
but you could also start on a side seam if you wanted.
surrendering to the darkest unknown.
The children didn’t care. Although a few of the doctors were appalled.
“The garden is like a friendly oasis. There’s nothing really like it,” Hildur says, and Sigga and Gabríela agree. “We have to remember, that a lively city centre isn’t all about fancy buildings or shops stuffed with fashionable things. We can find that elsewhere. Those who travel to new countries look for a centre with a soul. That’s what Sirkus and everything surrounding it is all about. If we talk about city planning, people need to think whether they want to have this kind of culture or not. And this doesn’t only apply to Sirkus, but to all sorts of places facing demolition and reconstruction” Gabríela says.
Begging for a little more, the Master gave him a fifth place: wherever money accumulates. In such places there is always cheating, maddening desire, passion, and enmity.
soft, slouchy clothes to wear
Will it change anything? I'm old enough to have a cynical bone or two..I say, 'highly unlikely'. But, there's small satisfaction in standing together and voicing your disapproval in an organized, ethical way..don't you think?
St. Lucia is a beautiful island and if you get the chance to visit I encourage you to do so.
By Brenda Gittens.
It’s fun sometimes to be so polarizing!
For the first quarter of 2012, per the JOLTS data, net hiring for the construction sector stood at 28,000 positions. While disappointing given initial hopes for 2012, the first quarter stills stands favorably compared to all of 2011, for which net hiring for the sector totaled 67,000 for the entire year (although it was the first year of net job creation for construction since 2006).
I made this for a Valentine card but it would be a great Anniversary card too. I have it for sale on my Etsy site. paperandthingzbydebi.etsy.com Stop by and check it out. Thanks for visiting by blog today.
1. Nick Bucci (HH) 45; 2. Stephen Sterlini (HH) 49; 3. Ben Solnick (HH) 50; 4. Tom Zehner (Bea) 51; 5. Kevin Kiley (HH) 52; 6. Brian Cuzzi (HH) 54; 7. James McQuade (Bea) 56; 8. Chris Sbarra (Bea) 61; 9. Bill Flamboltz (Bea) 66; 10. Darob Sullivan (Bea) 72.
Then a friend of mine invited me to a scrapbook event called National Scrapbook Day. I brought what little supplies that I owned at the time along with photos of Miss K to work on. Turns out that the consultant that was hosting this event was the mother of a childhood friend of mine. I was in awe of the huge quantities of supplies she kept in her home to create scrapbooks.
And keep soaking it in,
So I've taken up walking and Zumba. I feel much better and spring is just around the corner.
Dani, your family is so strong , and I am so proud of the way they are able to celebrate your life. Your mom is truly one of the most amazing people I know, and those babies of yours are just beautiful. Your friends, always remembering the happy little Dani, that we all know and love. Your life is truly something to celebrate and so many people love you dearly. You touched so many hearts!!
The other day, I pulled out Fire and Hemlock and reread it for the first time in years. And you know what I did when I got to the end? I flipped it back around and started reading it again.
My friends would think I was a nut
We asked around a few people on the train if they new the terminal for Tower Air but no one had ever even heard of it. We arrived at the airport, got some hearty good-bye cheek kisses from our friend in the orange jumpsuit and exited the train. Now I was so worried about making our flight and getting on without tickets that my body seemed to have forgot it was food poisoned.
I was watching TV yesterday and one show in particular caught my attention. It's a show called "Intervention" on A&E featuring various drug addicts and their families. Apparently, A&E was having an "Intervention" marathon, so I switched back and fourth between that and ESPN.
1 piper's
As for his list of groups inside the book industry that have been critical of the decision, they have one thing in common. They all have notable ties to the traditional industry, and therefore stood to benefit from the price fixing scheme. Without it, genuine adaptation is looking even more necessary, and that places every group inextricably tied to the traditional model at risk.
2 Mile Water Station (several positions)
My favorite image editors are Photoshop and Acorn. At $49, Acorn is one of the best software values I know. Developed by Flying Meat Software, Acorn has all of the functionality I need to edit my photos for both print and web, but is unfortunately only available for the Mac. My old version of Photoshop (CS2) is licensed for Windows. We're a mixed computer family, with both Mac and Windows, so I still use both. But I use Acorn more and more instead of Photoshop and all of the screenshots in this post will be from Acorn.
Those who still practice magic, the Mages, are split into two groups--Circle Mage, who are loyal to the Chantry, and Blood Mage, the rebellious evildoers who abuse their magical powers. When Blood Mage leader Frenic kidnaps a young Mage girl named Avexis who can control animals, it's part of a plot to use dragons to attack the Ten Year Gathering when all members of the Chantry will be in one place.
Please don't kick my tail. I know I didn't train, but I really want to see where I'm at before I start training. I hope you understand.
On top of this, the giant kids seem to go crazy and start rampaging, so with no other option, Usopp uses his Sleep Star to put them down.
Actress, vegan, Joanne Rose Online Portfolio. SoyStache interview
If you have ever had your picture taken by me,
Georgia on my mind - 5.1M
Trained as a zoologist, Gill became fascinated by the similarities of basic mammalian behaviors to those of humans and spent the last 18 years investigating this field. He is a key-note speaker in well-known corporates and organizations on non-verbal communication, leadership, presentation and public speaking as well as training executives, negotiators and politicians.
Thank you so very very very much Maggie & Mitch!!!
**Some sources say less than 10% – I’d love to cite them but Google is being unhelpful, though I’ll continue the search.
More recently a few carriers have introduced critical illness riders to their policies. This was a major breakthrough for the industry! Life insurance policies that allow insureds to accelerate a discounted portion of the death benefit if they suffer a critical illness such as heart attack, stroke or the diagnosis of cancer, in addition to other types of critical illness as outlined in the contract. Now, life insurance policies can be used during the insured’s lifetime to offset the enormous cost of a terminal, chronic or critical illness.
Just stay. Fine, I suck today, but asshole, you suck too.
No wonder he's smiling. I'd be laughing in his shoes.
Where do you want to spend your emotional and creative resources? This isn’t a trick question and there isn’t one right answer. You have to do a cost/benefit analysis of how maintaining an online presence fits into the current stage of your writing career. If you are getting up at 4:30 every morning to write before work, then falling asleep at night sometimes before your kids do, then time is probably your most precious resource right now and best not to squander it. Better to spend your time learning the craft and pursuing your dream. But if your engine is set to high idle and you’re just raring to go, by all means, dive in and being putting some of that energy to work for you in building a social media presence. You can absolutely have a two-pronged approach to establishing your career!
This is a new beginning for me..
This general quietness means that a human has to focus and concentrate and attend to her in a persistent and consistent manner to enter into much of her world....at least that is how Nessie operates. Different rabbits, like different dogs or different cats or different humans, have different styles. Some are boisterous and wild, some are quiet and calm. Nessie tends toward the calm and quiet...but....she has a major temper and doesn't flinch at letting you know when she is displeased. Having a bunny give you the squinty stink-eye is sort of intimidating, having a bunny rip out with a full loud growl when lunging toward you is startling and scary. Nope, she is not a shrinking violet...just a fairly quiet one. And we are honored (pretty much) that this quiet one graces us with her presence. :-)
Goodness grief
Note: recently reissued (more appropriately) as The Journey of the Magi.
Get excited!!! We are!!! :)
However, sometimes steamrolling happens. And tumbling as in the ocean's surf. Too much in my brain; clutter, seemingly impossible-to-solve problems. My limbic system is overloaded. Fear, panic, confusion, distress, anger.
Art the Accidental Apostrophe.
The building of a church structure was delayed by the Revolutionary War, and it wasn’t until 1810 that the construction of a church building on the site began. The building was completed in 1820 and used until the Civil War.
Because it is, for want of a better phrase, allowing the piper to call the tune.
Meanwhile I'm back to sewing, which is one good thing, anyway! I should have new rag quilts and other goodies soon. I'll post again when I have new items listed.
But on we go, tomorrow is another day, and in spite of it all I am looking forward to seeing what happens next. It a tough go but nothing has defeated me yet so this won’t either. Their is only one man in my whole crazy life, that was able to bring me to my knees! And that was God’s Son.! For him I will forever stand.
9. Do an extraction
Annie (to Eve): “I am supposed to be your protector, not your teething ring.”
Spoon half the mixture onto the biscuit base in big dollops.
”It was very nice to meet you as well! Take care of yourself.” She started to rock again, back and forth. He left the room, looking back at her for the last time. He left quietly.
5. Slice the apple, dipping each slice lemon or lime juice on both sides to keep it from browning. (This is a good way to use less than perfect looking organic apples). Use a mandoline if you can or just try to get some nice even slices, not like I did here.
So you have this amazing game and you paid 60$ for that game. You and 500k other people shelled out your 60$ to buy the game. Unfortunately the game cost double that to develop maybe triple. The studio is forced to close and your favorite IP is going to be gone forever. You think to yourself the game was so good it was amazing why didn’t others buy it? Then to your shock and dismay you find out in North America alone 2.5 million copies were downloaded. If only one fifth of those thieves paid full retail the studio would not have shuttered hundreds would have jobs and your favorite game would get a sequel.
He finally did, but I was not glad So I hid him in the sandbox under a shoe.
“Off with their heads!” I cried! Not really—but Todd kept warning me, “You know there’s not gonna be much left if I take ‘em that far down.” Repeatedly. I think he was scared I was going to freak out when I saw….this!
Resists urge to yell, IT'S SOOOOOOOOOO FLUFFY.
This has quickly become one of my most perfect and favorite scents to wear. It is the just right fragrance to transition from Winter into Spring and to carry me through till Summer.
* Lightweight aluminium chassis
less dots for flatter ground, and more dots for hills and mountains.
-Jericho takes the part of the table to the back of Punk.
Jesse Lasky (born this day in 1880) is best known these days for being one of the founders of Paramount Pictures (you see his name in the titles of those early silents “Famous Players-Lasky”). But he climbed to his exalted position allt he way up the show business ladder, never skipping a rung. Beginning from his native San Francisco, he started out in medicine shows, then became a coronet player, forming a vaudeville act with his sister Blanche. From here he became an agent and promoter.
Mr. Young is asked how he gets on with Mr. Mugabe.
If you’re an entrepreneur, at some point you’re going to have to take your success and ask yourself whether you’re the right person to keep running it. It’s a tough decision, to be sure, and not many people are capable of answering honestly. In the end, how do you know if you’re doing the right thing or if you’re just doubting your abilities? Here are a few ways to think about it.
rice
or the memory
Gai: I can’t say I really have anything bad to say about him as a character. His role in the plot was fucking stupid – being revived, really? I like how how he was revived was never actually fucking explained. And being Shu’s childhood friend, yeah that was quite terrible. And don’t forget that I never really got his motivations for doing anything like ever – something something Mana? But yeah, he’s your standard charismatic leader turned cold-blooded antagonist, kinda bland but not awful.
As if he was reading my mind all along,he smiled and spun me out into a flourish-filled ending,much to the delight of everyone in the class.Cheers and laughter continued,but as they faded and the group dispersed for the night,Kavya persisted in holding on to my hand,his fingers laced with mine.The music faded to a dramatic finish,and i finally decided to look at his face.
Come back next week when Amber and I review two SyFy dramas – Amber revisits the soon to end series, Eureka, and I take a look at the Canadian hit picked up by US television, Lost Girl.
Star Sign : Gemini
Heading for my pollen guide – or an online resource. http://www.bristolbeekeepers.org.uk/ shows dandelion might be the most likely source and as we drove away I saw quite a few dandelions. perhaps the frequent downpours had stopped grass mowing leaving more dandelions on view? The dandelions seemed fully open (and it was about 4 pm).
Text: 5 out of 5
He finally has his website up and running so I said I'd pass it on here to any of you avid readers who hadn't seen it
1/8 t. salt
Classical! Rachmaninov, Mozart and Wagner in that order.
Gage came and got Olivia and they were so nerves all giggles and so dang cute. I made them pose for pictures, because I knew this was a blogging moment!!!!
It’s at times like this when only risotto will do, it’s comforting, warming and also therapeutic with all that stirring, staring out of the window at the steely sky. I like to make risotto with shortgrain brown rice (it gives a really nutty flavour and great texture) & whatever I have in my fridge, which today is mushrooms, leeks & red onion. I also have a bottle of Marsala in the cupboard which will be fabulous with the mushrooms..
When did people stop caring about social conventions? About the rules of the road? Is parking no longer taught in schools? The worst I saw today was a car parked SIDEWAYS on the parking lot, taking up three spots. I was uber amused to see that two cars had parked, one at the nose and one at the tail, blocking it in tighter then tight, but still, WTF? It wasn't even a nice car!
thinking is a disease prevents from the actual being
CFR Director Peter Ackerman is Chairman of the Board of Trustees at
Since moving last month, I've been re-assessing my home and possessions and have made a decision to get rid of my fawns. Trying to take a more minimalistic approach to decorating my home. At the moment, it looks more like a thrift store than a home, and its making us crazy! So goodbye Bambi, Fawny and all your little buddies...I will miss you!
other things. This is obviously a better option, but it can take a while to get your head round it.
- Michelle Malkin, In Defense of Internment: The Case for ‘Racial Profiling’ in World War II and the War on Terror (Washington, D.C.: Regnery, 2004).
If this post brought a smile to your day, please SHARE it and help spread the word to everyone on the planet about Super Earthling. Thanks!
Preheat the oven to 350° F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the butter and sugar. Beat together on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 2-3 minutes. Blend in the eggs one at a time, scraping down the bowl as needed. Mix in the cocoa powder until well blended. Add the flour, salt and baking powder to the bowl and mix on low speed just until incorporated. Fold in the chocolate chips with a spatula.
Mi Roo tells Tan Ya that Hae Ra and Jin Oh are getting married. She’s surprised because they haven’t been dating for long. Although Mi Roo’s hurt, she’s taking it pretty well. She suggests they go for drinks and Mi Roo thinks it’s a good idea but Gwan Woo comes by asking if Tan Ya’s free. At first, she’s ready to blow him off but then he tells her that famous photographer Ryan McGinley is having an exhibit in Seoul. She excitedly grabs the tickets and Mi Roo knows she’s been tossed aside for a good photography exhibit. She tells Tan Ya to go to the exhibit since they can have drinks any time. Mi Roo knows this will be a good way for Tan Ya to open up her heart a bit.
The opportunity occurred three weeks later. Mr. Digby had come up to London for one of his monthly Board meetings, and had written suggesting that he might call at Patmore Street on Friday evening.
First, look inside your own life. Are you walking in the integrity you expect from others? It’s easy to chuckle at a child’s inability to know that Mickey Mouse isn’t real, but what about the destructive belief systems we’ve lived with so long they’ve taken on a life of their own?
Frustration. Acoompanied by immense nausea from exertion. Poop. I'm still sore about it. Gah.
When you sit through four different panels with the same work, with the agents rotating in and out, you really see how much of an issue of personal taste it is. "Your conflict feels constrained," said one agent of my query, on Day 1 (paraphrased, but this was the essence); "it feels like there should be some larger issue you're addressing." This was a broadly-change-your-query sort of suggestion, so I nodded and took a note, deciding to wait until after the conference to alter it so I could mull over possible changes. What happened on Day 2? That issue wasn't even mentioned by any of the three agents on the next query panel. What one person sees in a letter isn't going to be true of others. (Same goes for pages - the variation in agent reaction to pages was truly remarkable.)
How lovely to think of my kitchen full of long braids of red onions hanging in the corners. I cannot wait to have the storehouse that is our ex-garage, full of winter squash, potatoes, onions, apples and our chest freezer full of tiny sweet peas. There is nothing like a full storehouse of food and a full shed of firewood to give you a feeling of security, especially when petrol is now £1.40 per litre. To give my American readers an idea of what that would cost from their generous gallon guzzling pumps; picture paying $10.15 per gallon! We are trading our larger car for a small used diesel compact and converting it to using biodiesel at only £1.06 per litre about $7.63 per gallon. It will also get much better mpg from this small car gaining us about 20mpg on the old one. Just in case we are keeping the other older car which uses regular petrol. Need to cover our bases as used cooking oil is getting to be impossible to find.
8. Hello Baby
“Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.”
So this entire series was based on the concept of telling a story without dialogue or captions (words do still appear in advertisements within in the comic, websites, TVs, or things the characters writer, but these are few and far between in the grand scheme of things).
Ok so let’s get down to it.
What’s troubling is that Chairman McKeon’s post gives you the impression that it defends sec. 1021—the discretionary detention provision—when, in fact, his post is all about sec. 1022, the mandatory provision. The post conspicuously defends “the provision,” without referencing a specific section number. And, at the end, it includes a chart titled “Section 1021 of the FY 2012 National Defense Authorization Act,” even though one of the two quotes in the chart is from sec. 1022, not 1021.
The only way out of this trap is to pursue what Flanagan calls the “Rutgers solution:” decide Polly and Pip will go to a regional or state university, set goals accordingly, and let any other extra stuff come from their interest and their discretion. While this doesn’t actually sound that bad, it essentially precludes the potential of either of them making the leap into greatness, into the realm of the global elite. And that potential, however small, is difficult for me – the product of upwardly mobile parents and weaned on the idea that anyone can become president - to let go of.
We, the parents, together with his teachers, past, present and future, all work together to put that foundation together and continue to help construct his “building”. Quite a big responsibility….for all of us.
But I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are asleep, that ye sorrow not, even as others which have no hope. For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him. For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first: Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord. Wherefore comfort one another with these words.
The Wall Street Journal led the pack with over 537,000 paid subscribers, followed by the New York Times at over 380,000. The top four newspapers in digital were all from New York.
So we took him up to my wife’s sister house in Sacele they have a massive garden and another dog as well, after a few days he simply loved it up there and it is probably the best place for him. They actually let him roam free out of the garden so sometimes he can be gone for days exploring the woods and chasing the female dogs and making lots of new friends but he always comes back with a big smile, tail wagging furiously and great excitement in his eyes just wanting to tell you about his latest adventure.
Last week turned out to be way more expensive than I planned though most of my money went on this food stuff that I’ve heard so much about. A £45 shop at M&S would have cost me about £100 had I paid full price so I consider that money well spend, including these pretty awesome vegetable kebabs with halloumi cheese. Whilst we could make our own for cheaper (and will), it was at least a nice imagination starter. And both Thursday and Friday saw breaks in the rain in the afternoon so I was able to get in some decent walking. 12 miles on Friday!
“. . .it looks like from the outside that they are not used to strong women who took the urging of Pope Pius XII very seriously. Pope Pius XII urged women religious – way before I was in the community – to be educated in theology, to get educated in advanced degrees.
There are several different types of flea market vendors. There are guys selling items directly from estate sales, as well as one-time vendors who bring the items that didn't sell in their garage sales. There are collectors looking for a quick buck by selling parts of their collections off, along with people selling new items that look almost new. Each market will be different depending on your area but they're all about selling things cheap & prices are almost always negotiable. Be prepared to encounter many fun, colorful characters. :)
Conservation Officer
Prestigious brand names and fashion products that you like and have discovered in shops are on Private Outlet at tremendous prices, for your eyes only!
Since having their dress ripped to shreds was not something most brides wanted, they needed another idea of something "lucky" that they could throw into the crowd to keep their single lady friends under control.
The walk ended up being a lot longer than usual and it took me about 70 minutes to get back. Yikes I was 10 minutes late from lunch. Oh well, I miss lunch a lot so I deserve it. By the time I got back I was so thirsty. I ended up drinking about 32 oz of water. Then the rest of the afternoon I spent making trips to the potty. Sheesh.
Then they begin to hope it can be done.
"It is envisaged that this will be completed during June this year, at which stage the minister (Steve Tshwete) will review his decision as well as the frequency and format of statistical release."
The best technique to water plants is to do it during the cooler times of the day. While it differs by plants, in general, plants need about an inch of water each week. During hotter times, this will probably work out to about three times a week. When you have gotten this far, you will be able to watch your plants and flowers grow.
Nayara’s gardens offer an intimate location with a jaw-dropping view of the volcano. Bright flowers really pop against all the greenery.
Domain: Domain of the user you are connecting with
And all who wisely wish to wive
@trixie_dust: Band (& Sauli) in Green Room now but no Adam…
Total: 17 points
“Well, my legs itch at night. Do you think this stuff will help it?” Joe asked.
BeerAdvocate describes it as an old ale, and I think that's right. Old ale is a comforting balm to cold weather, sporting burnished mellow notes. They aren't aggressive or flashy, but rather evoke that sense of agreeable mustiness. This stormy weather has been putting me in a wintry mood, and the old Vintage Ale was the perfect beer to address it.
I have come to the conclusion that it is brilliant!
CDC Certified Dope.
d. When both the task and the customer are unknown
‘That you’ll come with me.’
We decided to celebrate afterwards by going to the famous Betty's Tea Shop. I went to the one in York years ago, and remembered its atmosphere of elegant indulgence. I even remember what I ate: a unusual confection of cream, pastry, black cherry and cinnamon. Things have changed a little, it seems.
5. Sexual Escapades. A sexual relationship with a man who knows what you like, exactly how you like it? YEP .. that is all!!
Above all, Malaysians must NEVER bow down to a government and prime minister so callous they can feel no compunction in sacrificing the safety and well-being of their citizens just to cling to power.
I'm still under the weather, and on top of that, I'm getting ready for both a writer's conference and my daughter's birthday--the one happening the day after I get back from the other. Which is a long-winded way of letting you know that this is going to be a rerun of an old post. But it's a post I need to revisit for myself because the writing (or the lack of it) is getting to me. I can't get to the computer for more than a few minutes at a time, and in those minutes, I wonder if I am spending my time productively.
In the last few days of class before my break began we were let out ridiculously early, leaving me with plenty of time to bust out the sony ebook and read alongside all the fanny-pack adorned tourists at Darling Harbour.
Neighbouring Prides: The Sohebele pride occupied the central region of Motswari’s traversing, and as a result, this kept most of their neighbours on the periphery of the reserve. To the north, it was the Jacaranda Pride; to the north-west it was the Timbavati Pride; to the west it was the Voel Dam Pride; in the south-west it was the Ross Pride; to the south it was the Machaton Pride; to the east it was the old Mayumbuya Pride.
I’m a huge collector of 90’s Death Metal very very underground DIY releases, mostly demos, on MP3’s but, as far as files go, I prefer FLAC ones, or other lossless formats, for MP3 is a very very bad compression format in terms of quality.
Cool crop circles formations that took place very recently.
Assiduous Deportation of Muslim Criminals
A: Grace Kelly
Now, I should clarify here, it's actually not the book itself that's the problem, I like it, I like its content, I like its concept - in fact to get that many world class brewers in one book from Schneider to Lost Abbey, Dogfish Head to Cantillon and Russian River to Fuller's is a truly wondrous thing.
The 3M Company (NYSE: MMM), formerly known as the Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, is an American multinational conglomerate corporation based in Maplewood, Minnesota, United States.
Only a minority burned our poppy? –
Comment #729 - Lucky-Angel and-Giveaways (confirmed)
I know you believe it might economically go badly if you started doling out some of the money of the top 1%.
If you find Peter Kay funny and you haven’t seen him live then please do try and find an available ticket from somewhere like ticketmaster.com or the like because I myself will tell you that that gig is hilarious and I cannot wait until it is out on DVD as it’s going to be in my ownership ASAP when it comes into sale and stock in the shops.
I miss you. I remember with fondness my teenage years when I could sleep well past 10am. I was the child who had to be woken up most Christmas mornings because I knew deep down that the presents would still be there at 9am. Much to the chagrine of my brother and parents. Move into my college days. Allnighters studying, late night talks with the roomies, and what were my favorite post midnight memories? John and I would spend half the night on the phone. I went to Union and we had these things called curfews. So, after curfew we would end our nights out 'on the phone.' These phones were attached to cords. Yes, pre-cellphone conversations. We would talk about life, future, our pasts, there was nothing that was off limits. I could still find you sleep. An afternoon nap after classes. Sleeping late on Saturday mornings. We were still very good friends back then.
Ethics class, however, taught me something useful about myself. I push myself too hard. I really do. Of course, my nieces telling me that is being a good teacher for me, too. I need to stop, breathe, and realize… I’ve been through worse times. I can survive this too. School is not proving to be as hard as I thought, and I’m up for the challenge. What I am no longer up for is being responsible for the lives of those too sick or fragile to care of themselves. I just can’t do it. I can’t even pretend. That would be… unethical. (I have a small chuckle to myself. We’ve been discussing ethical behavior since day two of class.) Also, just too dangerous.
10200 Quil Ceda Boulevard
Hi! I’m Paige from Final Clothes-Out, and a big thanks to Janine for inviting me to post here today. My blog is all about being smart when you shop, and part of that is knowing when not to spend.
Which Satan delivers a child a death curse
carefully cut the candy into small pieces. it is much easier to cut successfully when cold. actually, let me correct myself by saying that you should score it into which serving sizes you want when cold and then after it has sat out for a bit and softened, then cut it. use a very sharp knife.
How they accomplished this is not a guarded secret. Their attitude towards the preservation of their cultural heritage is among the most dedicated I’ve ever seen. When tarpaulins and banners are banned in the town plaza. They’re dead serious when it comes to heritage conservation.
You know what? A good rattling of the old body and brain is always a good thing, right? The program today parlays nicely with what we did yesterday although if you did not heed our warning about mid line stability? Today is going to be hell and will expose a lot of weaknesses you need to address soon.
7:55 Back to Jimmy Carter, Gloria Borger on CNN (I’m bouncing around a lot) is suggesting that Carter wasn’t allowed to speak because of the Jewish vote that is supporting Obama and that Carter runs the risk of alienating them. Interesting factoid: Joe Biden’s net worth is about $200K. Yep, $200K, not $200M. Guess that’s what happens from a lifetime of public service. If the Democrats don’t exploit that, they’re dumb asses. Now you’ve got someone that people can believe when he talks about real Americans and fiscal worries.
No riding today, the weather's dreary and I think I'm coming down with something.
We continued our photo-mission.
the extreme exploitation of labour (alongside the duty free plants of Japan, Taiwan, US etc in the Special Economic Zones) and clever adoption of new technology, which is now being invested in the classic manner of the European and American imperialists before it in Asia, Africa and Latin America, to plunder the resources of the colonial and semi-colonial (and of course rival EU, Australian and US imperialist) economies to extract
The research by Jos Kuper - who started the Sun with Du Plessis before going on to become an independent researcher - shows that among the Sun's readers there has been a shift from an entitlement mind set to one of "we need to do it for ourselves".
VIII
The Østre Landsret seeks to ascertain whether the following situations may or must be taken into consideration for the purpose of answering Question 3(b), and if so, what weight should be given to them: i. Whether it is the broadcasting organisation or the Producer which has the final and conclusive artistic/editorial decision on the content of the commissioned programme under agreements between those parties; ii. Whether the broadcasting organisation is liable towards third parties in respect of the Producer’s obligations in relation to the recording, as if the broadcasting organisation itself had carried out those acts and omissions; iii. Whether the Producer is contractually obliged by the agreement with the broadcasting organisation to deliver the programme in question to the broadcasting organisation for a specified price and has to meet, out of this price, all expenses that may be associated with the recording; iv. Whether it is the broadcasting organisation or the Producer which assumes liability for the recording in question vis-à-vis third parties.
For the ale drinker now, a world of only dark beers would seem like a paradise. But much of the brewing was very inconsistent, the flavors and aroma not being regulated by strict yeast strains, yielding varying degrees of success. Lagering changed all that, and combined with the science, brewers were able to make to new, clearer beers. The technology employed to create such creations was applied to all styles of beer, benefiting the old and the new. Truth to be told, ales progressively fell out of favor as they represented the old world, and lagers came to dominate the markets, probably associated with the progressive spirit in which they were born. Ales have made a come-back, but lagers still dominate the beer landscape. So rather than ignore them, the student of beer will become familiar with them.
With everything going on this week, the death of venerable character actor Dick Anthony Williams on Feb 15 kind of slipped under the radar. Had it not been for the post on the page of FB friend, actor Erik Todd Dellums, I probably would have missed it entirely.
Eating ALL THE CHOCOLATE!- Because, let’s be honest, the best part of VD isn’t twuuu wuvv, it’s the chocolate.
He whispered, “Find a music station on the radio. Something a kid would like.” The officer was more attentive of Charlotte’s presence than John had been. “Charlotte?” he asked.
But four years is an eternity in athletics, and during his exile from the sport sprinting changed. Those who were in his wake during his reign of success (Tyson Gay, Asafa Powell, and Usain Bolt) have all improved DRAMATICALLY. Gay has since won his own sprint double at the World Championships and dropped his bests to 9.69/19.58 and is the current AR Holder in the 100 meters. Usain Bolt won double gold in both Beijing and Berlin and is double WR holder at 9.58/19.19. And former WR holder and rival Asafa Powell has dropped his best in the 100 to 9.72.
Pulled off nice and smooth and never looked back.
De Molen - Bring It On!!!
We’ve also heard a couple of people ask whether the nest box might fill with water. The answer is no – the tray has drainage holes under the gravel which allows the rainwater to drain into the gulley. When the falcons first chose the building as their home the nest area was often waterlogged, so we fitted a nest box that was slightly raised off the guttering floor to allow the water to pass underneath.
50g of soft light brown sugar (1/4 cup packed)
My turn. The fine bureaucrat tells me to read one of the lines from chart B. Easy peasy. Then she asks me to cover my right eye and read the sign. Uh oh. As with everything in my life right now, nothing is balanced, not even my eyeballs. My left eye is farsighted. That's good. Reading chart B is easy. Now cover your left eye. Shitty shit shit. Where the hell did the chart go? You would think I would remember the letters since I just read them for the nice lady. No, no, you would be soooo wrong. I struggle, guess, hem and haw. Finally, she has me look into a machine. What the frig? When does the dastardly DMV turn into optometrists? She asks me over and over if I can read the lines. Just give me my license. She asks me if I wear glasses to drive? Nope. I've never needed them because, you see, I drive with BOTH eyes open. Call me crazy.
so you can well imagine that I have a lot to share!
Fi is writing a blogpost for her (not new, more restored) blog and would love some visitors. So get thee over to www.manic-muse.blogspot.com
1/2 cup cilantro leaves plus sprigs, for garnish
For the filling, whip the cream with the sugar and vanilla until soft peaks form. In another bowl place all of the mascarpone cheese. Fold cream in about 3 batches into the softened mascarpone, being more gentle with each subsequent batch so you don't deflate the cream.
I bought it :D
A tie between hockey and baseball
I am a day late in doing my dishcloth challenge update as yesterday evening we had Caoimhe's first Confession.
From the Stash:
Next Logistical problem. “Daddy?? I have to go potty” Okay, easy enough, except you have two kids, and a cart with a few groceries in it. Older son starts to try and unbuckle as you try and get the last few things in that area before dashing to the bathroom. He doesn’t unbuckle, but wiggles out of the straps and you have to catch him and then get to the bathroom before he goes. Then park your carriage outside of the bathroom, get both kids out, bring them into the bathroom. Help your 3 year old, because well, he’s still not a professional, all this while holding your youngest. Then wash rinse and get back to shopping. Only to have to repeat this process again 30 minutes later.
I am off to melt into an inner tube on the Madison river. My muscles deserve some relaxation, and how else can I get rid of my spando-bike-short tan?
I was looking for a photograph that meant something more than re-visiting the past when Len Prince sent me this picture. It's an iPhone snap of a contact sheet that he had never tried to print or publish but ten years later the picture makes a lot of sense.
in this place a relic. place it
Tracking Tristano's time signatures and deciphering a pair of Matt Otto's original compositions taxed my atrophied brain. Concentrating on a Crosscurrent performance is akin to winding one's way through a meditation maze. At the conclusion of Wednesday's labyrinth-like concert, I was almost too exhausted to check my cellphone to get the latest update on Kim Kardashian.
Like the gold being refined until you can see your reflection in it, God uses the trials in our life as a way to refine us until we reflect Him. This process will take a lifetime, literally, and the only way it can be achieved is if we continue to obey Him despite the trials life throws at us. In time, slowly but surely, we will begin to resemble God.
And that was the end of the crib.
Why is it that people think you have to be just like them in order to be of any value? I don’t get it. I read an article about Chik-Fil-A today that hit a nerve in precisely the right way to make me blow my lid and resulted in a Facebook status that reflected my lost temper. The gist of the article was the restaurant’s support of anti-gay organizations.
If you listen to or watch or read any source that ever once mentioned that right wing rhetoric or conservative anger or any such thing contributed to the Tucson, Arizona shooting, you are tuning in to a demonstrated source of propaganda and lies.
Anyway, I made a layout of me last Saturday. After a while, I felt my skill has become rusty. Without further ado, here is the layout "I promise 2012 is going to be my artsy-craftsy year" ;)
so instead I persuade
Our time together ended as Mr Fawkes got a phone call that calls him away on urgent business, but that I suspected was prearranged to ensure he could make a polite exit.
What is Rustic? - 39:45
I'm not going to win this one. To be honest I've already got away with labelling one box as "Misc. Chinese thingies" so I don't feel like pushing my luck.
Dang we’re good. Sometimes it just takes two heads to figure it all out.
WHAT KIND OF MOOD ARE WE IN
I am thrilled to have Emily A. Clark as a guest blogger today. She has a wonderful sense of style and has created the most beautiful, playful little girl's bedroom. I am so glad she agreed to give you a tour today. Thanks Emily!
Level 11: STR: +33, Increases your attack speed.
I wasn't looking for something that was more,
He then took both of his hands and spread my lower lips apart, bent down, and stuck his long hard tongue deep into my wetness—moving in and out—tonguing me until I filled his mouth.
Curry leaves are mostly consumed in south Asia and you can see that effect of it,many people will have long lenghty hairs. Yes, its good for hair.
Alba Polenghi Lisca
logistics and professionalism. Even
Finally, being smart is a necessary threat. Women must capitalize their worth beyond their curves. My little sister thinks she wants to be a nurse. Although her grades in science may not be the best, teachers should take her under their wings to make sure she doesn’t lose her steam. They should provide her with the tools and help she may need to stay true to her dream, especially as a young lady that navigates the world as a dark-skinned beauty. Our mom always says that as young Black women, we need the promise of intelligence on our inner resumes.
For me, Monday brings a fresh start, a new beginning, a clean slate. It's the day I need to remind myself to take a deep breath, both literally and figuratively, define or re-define my priorities, adjust and clarify my mission (or just re-focus on my mission) and determine my strategies for getting done what needs to be done over the course of the next seven days.
Apologies again for the naff piccies but I'm still using my mums old camera till I buy a new one after mine died. The image I printed onto elegance satin cardstock so I could colour it in with my promarkers. I added a little sakura clear glaze pen over the strawberries in the basket which made them "pop". The red gingham papers are off the CD rom and the large heart doilies I bought from poundland. These were really good value but are only good on 8x8 cards due to their size. The sentiment I did on the computer - I think the font is "Clear typewriter" which is a freebie download
If you aren’t running, consider joining the official Run for Change Cheer Team.
If you have yet to hear them yourself, MySpace currently offers five samples. And if you check back here on Sunday there should be a Playgirl mp3 waiting for download!
And that’s the set-up.
The common wisdom is that it was developed so that Chief Minister Abdul Taib Mahmud could use it as an excuse to log the 23,000 hectares of virgin rainforest in the dam catchment area and deliver the timber into the hands of timber barons.
Ecclesiastes 2:4-11 lays out Solomon’s great work and the results.
I now live on a campbed in my kitchen and have done so (1st on the floor until Nov when I bought campbed) since July2011. Eastbourne Environmental Health are fully aware of this.
Update: Gopal, my Nepali language teacher, insists Hindus don’t sacrifice monkeys on Shiva Ratri, or ever. But my friends and I all saw the same thing: two people carrying a dead monkey out of a temple dedicated to Shiva, as part of a procession including other dead animals and animal parts during a holiday dedicated to Shiva. If anyone would like to explain this to me… you know where to find me
The President is a commie, and a Kenyan, that’s a fact
THANK YOU everyone who hosted me and took me places and shared your lives and towns and made the adventure so big and memorable. Thanks to those who read the blog and cheered me on in my Quest to Document. :-)
Best. Idea. Ever.
Avoiding the glances of young men
Again we don’t see the entire conversation, but we DO see Cruddas effectively setting out a “tariff” of benefits. The more you give, the more you get.
This time, however, I decided to be brave. Screw this map business! I’m will fly by the seat of my pants! Yeah!
We then see Det. Trupo, at his house in the morning answering his doorbell. He opens the door to find a live turkey in a cage outside his door. He then sees his prized sports car blow up. Frank has an elaborate Thanksgiving dinner at his mother's house with the whole family attending. We also see some scenes of junkies overdosing. After dinner Frank's family gathers outside. He asks his nephew Steve, who he had arranged a tryout with the Yankees, why he hadn't tried out. Steve tells him he doesn't want to play ball anymore, as he'd rather be like Frank. Frank is called away by Huey, who tells him there's a problem. Frank and Huey visit Nikki Barnes at his nightclub. Frank tells him to stop cutting his Blue Magic, and if he has to, to call it something else. as the name stands for his quality of product and weakens his brand name. Nikki gets insulted by Frank's demanding tone, but agrees.
Following this pain clinic fiasco, I’m then off to physical therapy, where I’m not quite sure I’m getting much help but it is required as part of Operation: Hand Get Better. Right now, I’m wadding up a paper towel with all fingers except my index finger. Yes, I know this sounds silly and easy but it is actually difficult and quite painful. A few more exercises per day and I’m not sure my wrist would function.
2 mix
The New York Times
1. Short wave radio, hand-cranked. Some come with solar batteries that can be charged during the day and will last for hours, instead of cranking the radio evert 30 minutes. The ones that come with a flashlight are handy. They also sell small digital short wave radios. You can get some small ones for $20 on ebay.
Brulee’s eyes narrowed. “And I,” said the draenei, “never wished to take up the sword in the Light’s name, to increase my combat prowness, to kill on the field of battle. War was thrust upon me and my people. I wanted us to live, and therefore I learned.”
Still, one didn't, and just as well as those who did have a dip eventually, in the river that is made once the waterfall water levels off further down in the valley, found it painfully cold. I'm not at liberty to release the photos from that swimming attempt but trust
So here is my lesson and how we solve word problems:
I blew it, and I knew it.
"Let go/ Jump in/ Oh well whatcha waiting for/ It's all right/ 'Cause there's beauty in the breakdown."
“It’s hard to say,” came the nurse’s reply. “He’s just had an infusion of morphine, so he may be simply out of it at the moment. But, I think, at some level he will register your presence. Take his hand, talk to him quietly. People sense things at all sorts of levels.”
...if I understand you correctly. I'm trying to figure out exactly what it is you believe so I don't ask questions of you that aren't germane to your beliefs. Morey,
That is, about $12.50 in US money – unheard-of amounts of money for many, in a country where the average wage across the countryside amounts to about one US dollar per week.
among gleaming leaves
I think I’ll leave it there for now, but before I do, I would just like to say a big, big thank you to every single one of you for taking the time to read, rate, comment and subscribe to my poetry and blog. It means more to me than I can possibly express; you all keep me writing and I look forward to it each day. If you have any burning questions, thoughts, etc. you’d like to mention, please leave me a comment below! It’s always lovely chatting to you all.
Lined with wipe able fabric. Main fabric bright pink/green/orange check.
Dull the shades of dark sunset,
Know rejection by the native born
Caitlin is a mother but is a feminist. She believes that all women have the right to determine what they want out of life and go for it. When Caitlin got married, she didn't think it was going to be the best day of her life. She wanted something low key. Her and her mates and her family could treat it like a laugh and get pissed in the pub.
After what seems like a very long time, I am finally starting to slowly get mobile again. I have received some absolutely amazing cards, and would like to share them with you. The first is from Tori - sooo cute.
are equally guaranteed to all,
I think everyone has got a different side to their character, and my sweet side tends to come out a lot in my music. Yet, there are other songs where you see my edgier side where I am a bit feistier, but sweet is definitely one of my characteristics, however it is not all of me.
I am hoping though that the weather fines up as I have a fence to paint today. We got a new back fence put in early in the week and as the posts are untreated needs to be painted quick smart (photos soon).
me: how can we make this happen?
Opal is no Yelena that’s for sure. She’s a shy person and always hesitant but you can see the changes in her throughout the book and I’m sure that more will come in the next books. Many characters that we know from the previous series are in this series too and even Yelena makes a brief appearance.
Guinsoo: What’s up.
I love long weekends.
I'm getting much better not ruminating as to why something happened, but rather, what I going to do to solve it.
-Lin Yutang
S: I have a minidisc recorder, and I like to make sounds longer and reverse them. I also lived in Sweden from two to nine years old. This was before the internet, so I used to record tapes and send them to my grandparents back in Iceland. Like, “Hello, Grandma. I’m playing!” Now I’ve put a lot of those tapes on CD. I used a clip from them at the beginning of the first song, “Good Morning Scarecrow.” My mom is asking me to sing and I’m saying “Nei, ég get ekki sungid!” (No, I can’t sing!) and then I count the song off “einn, tveir, thrír…” (one, two, three…).
Delete copyright layer
The North Korean rocket launch was a failure. They’re not prepared! In fact, our NDRRMC is more prepared than North Korea.
... does it make sense?"
Why the Bible?
The animal part of us wants to get in the car to drive two blocks to the neighbor’s house (or better yet, to pick up the telephone) instead of walking, because it is responding to evolutionary pressure to conserve energy. Evolutionary pressure that is responding to conditions that no longer exist, since there is effectively zero chance of you having to run away from a predator before dinner or to chase after a rare opportunity to catch wild game. However, your body is relying on two million years of genetic memory that you will be exercising your human capacities for endurance soon. Only, you won’t. What your elephant wanted (and probably got) was a short ride in a nice air-conditioned car. What your elephant needed was some good cardiovascular exercise. And how about that commute to work? Here are two interesting facts from contemporary psychology. A person does not adapt to long and stressful commutes, even after years of experience there are measurable cognitive impairments. A person does adapt to smaller living environments. After just two months of living in a significantly smaller space, a person’s average happiness returns to the same level as when living in a larger space. We build suburbs because we don’t know, understand, and accept who we are as a species. We believe the illusions and then we act on them.
Meet Emi.
"Pub rock, the English roots rock movement of the early '70s, would never have earned a cult following if it wasn't for Brinsley Schwarz. Initially, Brinsley Schwarz was a rambling, neo-psychedelic folk-rock band that borrowed heavily from Crosby, Stills & Nash and the Grateful Dead. Following a disastrous publicity stunt to promote its debut album, the band went into seclusion outside of London and developed a laid-back, rootsy sound inspired by Eggs Over Easy, an American band that had been playing a mixture of originals and covers in English pubs. Following their conversion to pub rock, the Brinsleys ditched their pretensions of stardom and became a down to earth, self-effacing rock & roll band. Between 1971 and 1974, Brinsley Schwarz toured England innumerable times, playing pubs across the country. Along the way, they established a circuit for similar bands like Dr. Feelgood and Ducks Deluxe to follow. Though the group was nominally guitarist Brinsley Schwarz's band, bassist/lead vocalist Nick Lowe provided the bulk of the group's songs. Lowe developed a distinctive songwriting voice -- conversational, melodic, offbeat, and funny -- and the band was infused with his skewed sense of humor. Despite strong reviews and a dedicated fan base, the Brinsleys never managed to escape cult status, yet they influenced a legion of other artists, creating an underground, back-to-basics movement that laid the foundation for punk rock.
Three Beautiful Things This Week was inspired by a wonderful blog that Clare writes called Three Beautiful Things. Everyday, Clare writes about 3 Beautiful Things that happen each day in her life. It's a wonderful blog! I can only hope to imitate her in a very small way.
Nemesis ‘10
Understanding- What does the audience know about your subject? What is their attitude?
The basic steps are pretty simple,
Snail Performance is one of the teams bringing multiple cars to compete in different classes. The car above happens to be their Unlimited AWD WRX that has a few new upgrades this year and one of the most eye catching liveries. Battling the heat and a few bugs, Snail Performance’s WRX was able to take second place with a 1:59.367. Once they get those bugs worked out, this WRX should be one of the fastest cars on track.
* You say that a small farmers' market doesn't exist in Santa Monica? Head to Virginia Avenue Park Saturday mornings, and pick up a loaf of wonderful hazelnut cranberry bread, as well as your basic necessities. I'm also a fan of this market, because while Gloria's stand sells quality produce for half the price, there's also a stand run by Asian-American farmers, so I can pick up the veggies of my childhood (whose names I don't know in English)!
* I’m a fan of Steampunk and Haywired has elements of the genre. Are you a fan yourself and have any Steampunk authors inspired your work?
This is Tucker’s modus operandi. Time and time again we find her overcoming the natural tension of performing by dealing with what is really going on in the moment, without artifice, and thereby turning the tables on a bad situation. Booked for a show with Manchester and Hill’s burlesque wheel (where she met life long friend Fanny Brice), she was so bad in rehearsal that dismissal seemed imminent. However, she managed to bring down the house on her opening line “Henry!” by shouting it so loud that it rattled the roofbeams. For a show called Louisiana Lou she got a similar reaction by making her entrance with her pants “accidentally” unbuttoned. For a date in Boston, her minstrel get-up got put on the wrong train. She simply scrounged up a presentable gown and did the act au natural – Caucasian.
Breakfast for Kylie this morning:
At UT-Chattanooga, Coleman ran a West Coast-style offense with plenty of play action fakes and quick throws and has experience both under center as well as in shotgun. Although he has some experience going through his reads and progressions, he will certainly need more work here at the next level, as he had a number of pre-determined reads, or throws that were planned before the snap, and will tend to stare down some of his targets. In addition, when in shotgun, the coaches called plenty of catch-and-throw passes, which didn’t do much to help his development. B.J.’s footwork is where I’d like to see it, as he has a feel for sinking his hips into his back leg before stepping forward and driving through his front leg in his throwing delivery; however, I would like to see him exaggerate the sinking of his hips more to get more momentum and torque going into his throws. In his mechanics, he offers a quick delivery, however he throws the ball too mechanically, and I’d like to see him develop a more natural and fluid throwing motion with his position coach at the next level. Coleman has average mobility at best to move about the pocket and must develop a better feel for where the pass rush is coming from. He’s a pure pocket passer who is very comfortable dropping back and reading the field, however he’s not far enough along yet in his ability to sense the rush and escape. When he does manage to get outside the pocket, he has what it takes to get the job done on bootlegs and he’s proven that he can throw the ball accurately on the run. In addition, when given an opportunity to take off with the ball down the field, Coleman has a heady understanding of when to tuck the ball down and run with it, having ran for seven
Karl: do you think Puerto Ricans
Uk consumers are generally alert pertaining to exactly what mobile phones people really should take. Intellect some sort of Country model’s phone in addition to see the attributes connected with their own phone. Most of these persons certainly not wish to hold a was involved with phone. For anyone who is definitely not involving most of these persons, subsequently you may become these individuals. Seek to get some sort of Usa most current Nokia Phone Cellular phone in addition to be onward on the relax. Nokia generally produces different smartphones from the transmission current market. Just about every of that solutions is definitely rather unique by reviewing the preceding solutions. In addition to advertising uncomplicated mobile phones, furthermore, it provides clever phone. Whatsoever total connected with dollars you fork out for virtually every Nokia phone would be the suitable solution intended for the appropriate dollars.
One solution put forward was ride height adjustment made during the race. Since the ban on active technologies in the nineties, the rules are clear, there can be no adjustment of the cars suspension while it is moving, equally parc ferme rules prevent any changes between qualifying and the race. But teams could have a mechanic adjust the ride height during the pitstops.
Five other suspects arrested in Eastbourne are still being questioned by police in relation to the fraud. They are North African and in their mid 20s. Two are from Hastings, two from London, the other from Eastbourne.
Alyne de Winter
The broader psychological community has also rejected Denkowski’s methods. He is mentioned by name in the 2010 edition of the American Association on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities’ diagnostic manual. In a section about how cultural or economic factors should impact scores on adaptive behavior tests, the authors “strongly caution against practices such as those recommended by Denkowski.”
I have a body, but I am not my body.
I could stay awake
he was afraid it would knock them down.
Al Gore's Internets are a perfectly viable place to establish lasting friendships.
The Pour House – 74th and Nieman
Slowly but surely, I've developed a fascination with the Olsen's Elizabeth and James. And while items from their pricier, The Row, fall into the wish category, E&J pieces are a definite want—especially with my birthday next month.
Fourth, if you are buying a regular vehicle ask for a deal. It’s ok, we’re not like the grocery store (ask for a discount there sometime)! But do keep in mind that we need to make a little money to support our families and to keep the lights on.
…When I look at myself I see a person who strangely lacks what I consider the ingredients for a personality. I can see personality in other people but I can’t see any in myself. One feels that perhaps through playing so many characters one becomes a sort of nil on one’s own account.”
I’m all for pinning DIY home projects that you will never actually accomplish, but then I saw a pin of a framed light switch. As in someone put a picture frame around the switch that turns the lights on and off. How house crazy do you have to be to walk by your living room light switch and say to yourself, “I should totally frame that.”
Bronzing Beauty from Belles N' Whistles, Portebello Road paper from K&Company, Rhinestones from K&Company, MS daisy border punch, copics, SU topnote die cut, Prima Flowers, Stickles, ribbon, Blue Moon charm.
It is an epic story. Truly. But the point is not that my son looks like a hero to his friends. It’s really a story about reaching out to others. Asking not for yourself but for others, caring about something other than yourself. And it’s about a class-act bunch of guys on the other side of the United States who saw a good deed done by one of their fans and decided to run with it.
Once again, my father (BCFN) insulted both haiku and the prize in 17 syllables. I won't be reprinting his schlock here.
Fairy tales.
4. How many hours a day would you say you read?
Campus leftists who said that our analysis of the mortgage collapse was just partisan rhetoric can stick this in your pipe and smoke it. Our analysis has been confirmed by sources from the left and right, as well as financial publications such as the Wall Street Journal, Investors Business Daily, Forbes etc. While the New York Times took a different view during the campaign season to help the Democrats, outside of the campaign season the NYT has done some top rate analysis on this issue which they deserve credit for. We told you in our analysis that the New York Times predicted in 1999 that this collapse could happen and published the Republican attempts to fix the problem since 2001.
I wanted to share it with you not just because I think the Guardian are doing something everyone should know about – making literature more accessible, more wide-spread. But also because this short story is so gripping, so well written with bucket-loads of pathos and not an ounce of sentimentality.
1 spare
1/3 cup fat free milk
I lightly rubbed the birds with Distress Inks.
One should never underestimate just how grateful South Koreans are about being helped in that war. To this day, most Koreans would first associate Turkey with "blood ally" [<U+D608><U+B9F9>]. It also helps that, since the end of the war, Turkey and Korea have maintained a healthy distance that is so crucial to a good friendship. (This is in contrast to the United States, which undoubtedly did a lot of things to annoy Koreans partially because it has been a little too close, eating away at the good will it earned by having been the greatest help in Korean War.) The fact that Korean pop culture ended up being popular in Turkey later is just gravy.
Dairy (1): 2
I have read more of God’s Word than I ever have from birth. Most of that within the last four weeks. Do I feel an obligation to read it? On the basis of the free will we were given I would say no. However, I know as a follower of Christ Jesus we should (and should want to).
JT - Why isn’t severe now? That’s my point.
Oct 05 2008 San Francisco, CA@ Bottom of the Hill
complete friendship, we know so fully
My sore toes were aching, my flobby floppy flabby bits were moving far too much, and for those who have children, you’ll know what I mean when I say my pelvic floor was not coping so well. But it was fun!
The abundance of God overflows from vessels of gold that have been purified in the Refiner’s fire.
The class is only $20 and we used the brand new Graphic 45 Old Curiosity Shoppe range and Imaginarium Designs Chipboard! You need to book and pay on the day at the Seriously Scrapbooking stand at the expo and spots are limited!
I love late summer/early fall for work. I have put intention into this time as a practice, a discipline to bring myself back to over and over. The work has places to go and people to see it.
So recently, I didn't go shopping much. Pretty much nothing is on my shopping list now. Hehehe, so I'm leading a slacker life currently.
a single breath
Sample Dinner Menu (Subject To Change)
As you should be able to see,
I have just watched a documentary on the new trends among some teenage circles. Have I aged that much and am I just another old retrograde fool, or has society lost its mind and heading back to dark ages ? I sure don’t want to sound like a bird of ill omen. I am no puritan and I think I am rather tolerant but when some young people get this sick idea that fun is to get soaked, stoned and sex until they drop, I feel like something in this world is beyond my grasp.
I don't believe this issue is as cut and dry as people make it out to be. People are put in either the florescent rainbow camp or the brainwashed h8tr camp and I've never felt like I belong to either. After much thinking and discussing and several totally awesome gay friends (even in Utah, I know!), I have come to two main conclusions:
The story was absolutely enthralling for me. I could not put this book down. When I had to, my mind was preoccupied with it while I cooked dinner, worked, did basically anything else. Susan weaves history into the story (sometimes with too much instruction) but still in a well-researched and comfortable way.
On my walking route there is one of those dogs that I worry about what happens when he finally comes through the fence. The owners have lost a previous dog that was killed when he came out and chased one too many vehicles and caught the truck. Yet they don’t come out and work with their new dog when he comes running out hackles up when anything car, truck or person walks down the road. When they first got the new dog they came out on stood on the back step and yelled across the yard at the dog. The dog did not listen, and they have long since given up and no longer come out to holler at their dog. It was too much trouble and he wasn’t leaving their yard so they gave up. Now the dog has discovered how to get out of the yard and into their pasture. What keeps this dog from me when walking is now only a few strands of barbed wire. He is still in their yard but just barely. They see nothing wrong with this because he is still in their yard, and yes they are technically correct. On the other hand they are one step away from another disaster, and they could prevent it by being a responsible dog owner.
Ozzy Osbourne Band
The final step in the process is applying the protectant. This is a little runnier than the paint, and goes on clear, but provides the long-lasting protection for the cabinets. It takes a full 7 days to cure completely, but dries quickly enough for minor use.
Karen Walker is another blogger whom I have followed since my earliest blogging days and will provide some food for thought when you visit her blog Author Karen Walker...following the whispers.
Masimo's primary argument was that resposable "does not appear in the dictionary." That argument faced a major problem: "the evidence submitted by the examining attorney shows that 'resposable' has a recognized meaning in the medical field, and that the consumers for applicant’s goods would be aware of this meaning."
ingredient, because while she seems mostly fine w/ sugar, she has reacted a
‘Ha, yes – now that would be handy,’ said the Doctor, spinning on one heel, lurching forwards, and waggling a finger at the fruit, ‘except that one’s not sonic, it’s real. See?’ he flicked at the skin, ‘Fruit flies. They like a banana …’ The Doctor leaped backwards again and skidded over to one of the panels in the console. ‘Time, of course, is a different matter …’
If I could, I would tell them it mattered. All of it. Every lyric. Every guitar riff. Every bass line. Every drum beat. Every period of time they decided to take space. Every moment they stopped singing and lifted a crowd so high that we sang it for you. They held up a mirror of emotions and experiences and we answered with a 'me too.'
I used my very under-used Martha Stewart deep border punch and inked all the edges in old paper distress ink. The stamp I stamped directly onto the lighter gingham paper and layered them up. I had a little of the darker yellow paper left so I stamped the centre of the daffodil only onto the scraps I had left. This saved me doing any colouring whatsoever which is good as I'm quite a slow colourer! The ribbon and bow (I think) are from the sunshine capsule collection which were from a previous Docrafts goody bag!
Hat - Urban? Target? Forever 21? Somewhere inexpensive
10 - Bewitched
I'm anxiously awaiting the delivery of Tim Holtz markers. :)
On to Mr. Lao, have you seen this video on youtube?
It was hard to make out at first, even in person, so I'll tell you what you're looking at: That is a SNAKE eating (swallowing) a FISH!!! The fish was about as big as two decks of cards laid end to end, so pretty big. The snake was huge.
3. "Killing" – 1:49
In 1967 a short documentary was made by film maker Les Blank called “The Blues Accordin’ to Lightnin’ Hopkins”. Now how one could sum up the bluesman’s long career in just 30 minutes is beyond me. But it was awakening to view.
PAUL: Well, she’s been my wife for 54 years. And we’re going to have an anniversary on February 1st.
At this time of year, we are grateful for our families, and also organizations like FNPS, which works every day, through grassroots volunteer members, to preserve, conserve and restore the native plants and native plant communities of Florida. As I said in my letter, my childhood experiences led me to being part of FNPS, because I believed in the mission before I even knew there was an FNPS.
Weekend Workouts didn't happen...ugh, I know! I felt like a slacker, but honestly we had a busy weekend and it was tough to find the energy or the time when we were rushing from place to place all weekend! I know, I always say NO EXCUSES and here I am making them...but I plan on making up for the lack of workouts, this week! I am planning on a morning run before the boys wake up, so I'll keep you posted.
for once, the weather's going my way!
When we arrived at 11.15am everyone had been waiting around for 45 minutes for Police or Mainroads or someone to come and block the road off. Unfortunately, Police didn’t arrive until 11.30am and cars had been driving through the mess for quite a while. We got some fantastic interviews from two extremely angry people whose cars had around 1-2 inches of tar/gravel attached to their tires. I don’t blame them for being so furious considering how hard a time the workmen were having getting it off the tires. Another woman who didn’t want to go on camera was on work time and her 2-year-old car had scratches down the side of it from where the road had pulled up and scratched it.
with steel-trap
- Month 3 of chemo was awful, BUT, +, Jerry and Mary visited from NY and we went to see Bruce in concert. Also, modeled in Graphic - the BCRC Art Bra fashion show.
Robert shows on Tuesday mornings, backing his little van into my driveway, throws open the back door and pulls out his kit: a mower some weeks, a blower others, always a rake and a trimmer… He unlocks the gate and goes about his work and within an hour or so he is gone. All that I need to do is have handy the garden waste bin. Oh, and an espresso: I have him hooked on this once-a-week caffeine rush.
I've been growing more keenly aware of where my food comes from (and what it's actually made out of) the last couple of years. I grew up eating fast food. My parents both worked at a fast food company for 25 years. It was just... what you ate. It never occurred to me that you should eat any differently. I didn't spend much time in the produce aisle until I was 18 and interested in dropping some weight I'd put on while on the pill. Switching to fruits, vegetables, and protein meant dropping 60 lbs in about 6-8 months. It felt almost effortless.
However—and this is the crux of the matter— these elements have no function. They don't do anything. They are merely on display.
I decided to make a Square Dance Quilt for her Birthday.
3) Fold the mixture until they combine well.
This coat is one of the things I managed to snag in the boxing day sales, it's from River Island which is somewhere I never used to shop but recently I've been going in there more and more. I haven't had a proper winter coat in ages and ages so I wasn't sure about getting this in case it was a bit too granny/schoolchild in ww2 but it's really warm and fuzzy so I couldn't really say no.
Thank You live in Kino Šiška, music tells it all – fantastic perfomance
Is it a boy or a girl?
a dream-time demon, devious,
Me: Oh OK (WTF!!! I was in the ER for 6 hrs in agony and they ignore what was obvious and didn’t even have the “gall” to pass on the results to my doctor.)
Meghan, angry that Ben cheated on Felicity, decides to put a black-magic-spell on him. She stirs up her magic potion and adds a strand of Felicity’s hair.
A shot of the way the jacket goes at the back:
To be clear, none of this is to say that much of the emotion and solidarity was not genuine; most often, it was very much so. However, protests for Palestine or against Israel were also instances of populations of Arab countries projecting their own dissatisfaction in a politically “safe” way in light of the repressive nature of the regimes under which they lived.
Here are some (blurry) photos of our new place. I'll have to take more when it's light out & Joe's camera isn't dying.
Close to this is the Swayambhu Hanuman Temple, to which the lovely Sri Rama Pattabhishekam vigrahas were added in 1685. Here they put a nail on top of Hanuman’s head to prevent the rock from growing big but it widened sideways and now the silver kavacham does not completely cover the Hanuman pratima on the rock anymore. There was a young priest here called Naveen who goes to evening college, since divinity is his mainstay and other learning is secondary. Very impressive after many other young priests I have met in the past few years. He also advised me to go tomorrow to the Ulsoor Someswara temple Rathotsava around 10 am. He says that pratishtha is by Mandavya Maharshi and tomorrow is Pournami as well as Somavara (Monday).. he says you can tangibly feel the power there. To think I trek around the country looking for rishi – temples and there is one right here in Ulsoor!!
Visitor numbers have been up and consequently so have sales. I'm so interested in what sells. Artists and galleries have long wondered whether what sells is as random as the spin of the roulette wheel, or perhaps there is a general trend that the art-loving community is favouring.
Christian Troy: I counted each contraction. Three times. Or were you doing your Kegel exercises?
Avery Brewing Company Avery Anniversary Ale - Seventeen (Dry Hopped Black Lager)
And the process of getting to know
The speeches by the three female Laureates provided the real raising-hairs-at-the-back-of-the-neck moments during this year’s Nobel festivities – from Ellen Johnson Sirleaf’s rallying call to women, past and present; to Leymah Gbowee’s unbreakable spirit in the face of rape and AK47s; to Tawakkol Karman’s missive from the revolutionary youth. The image burned deepest into my retinas is how Gbowee created the Women of Liberia Mass Action for Peace Campaign with six other women gathered in a makeshift office, armed with nothing but their conviction and $10. It’s an inspiring and profoundly humbling image.
A-Side's "Stab Me" is off their latest on Tic Tac Totally and it deserves to have it's own special highlight A-Side here, completely blows the doors off as usual... The Hussy on this whole new record finds them tighter than anything previously and makes all the gritty, raw guitar sound slick as hell. It also looks like Bobby has been recording and mixing everything of The Hussy's lately, including some bands on his own Kind Turkey Records.
russett or red potatoes
Rise after three days: Matt. And Luke use “on the third day”, presumably because non-Jewish readers would not know the common Jewish usage of “after three days” for “day after tomorrow”.(Josephus Ant. 7.280, 281;8.214,218).(France)
Back garden submergible pump evidently blocked, given the river of water pouring like an ambitious creek from the back garden to the front garden...via the kitchen. Luckily I had moved the Dyson earlier or it would have floated out of the door
When he throws dice
Mostly….the purple ribbon represent an awareness of domestic violence.
They needed somebody to don the right-wing crown
The room’s faces
Blue bulging eyes examine moves,
Anti-Star-Axis City.
Representative Brown concluded that the findings of any investigation by the House should have the goal of helping to restore the trust of the public in the Oklahoma House and the full findings should be released to the public so that they can see firsthand what any investigation has uncovered.
Its ride quality is well soundproofed, allowing us to get more horsepower and 254 foot-pounds of torque. When SH-AWD is the acura mdx prototype is beyond reproach, both inside and out. Amenities are aplenty, as is expected in the acura mdx 2006 redesign of four. The thing is, it suffers from the 2000 acura mdx of performance-minded drivers.
One of the pilgrims offered him a drink upon his arrival: “Hey Procrastinator! Want a beer?”
PS. We introduced our new friends to the epic Messiah tradition of Ninja Warrior. They really liked it and i'm pretty sure it's the first game they've played all week that didn't involve intoxication.
During the design process, Hudson was bought out by a third party leading to a slight change in strategy. In particular, Hudson then sought to produce products of essentially the same design as those previously put forward, but this time without pockets. Although these were supposed to be marketed as off-field clothing, it was quite possible that they might end up being sold to football teams and used as team kit, thus potentially infringing Dick's exclusive licence for on-field wear. However, Hudson took the commercial view that its business and Dick's business were sufficiently different that Dick's would not be harmed by such a move. This was authorized orally by Miss Jackson, but, as before, no formal written approval was given. Shortly after this event, the licence agreement between Umbro and Hudson was signed.
4 – 7 p.m. Boulevard Brewing Company, Sampling in the Beer Department
Well, back to trying to figure this stuff out after I take a shower and bring my son to work.
Chapter 14
Lady of Shalott."
go me...go me...
Sourcebooks Product ISBN: 9781402244025
Sorry to keep this short and sweet. I'm off to the movies with my baby girl who just turned 27 on the 18th. We are going to see The Vow with Rachel McAdams and the yummy Channing Tatum.
1 x (324)Stayfree Cottony Soft Slim Non Wing = 4.70
The numbers always changing, but Facebook users are now estimated at about 650,000,000 worldwide.
laundry
Place flour, sugar, instant yeast into mixing bowl, stir to combine.
I thought about what the supper on the other side of the dining room really meant. I wondered what deals were being sealed over Cabernet Sauvignon and sole meuniere. I also thought it strange – important men from two cultures, both with strong and defined cuisines, choosing to dine together in another totally foreign restaurant…
I got bewitched by this little piece of our magical world and painted it on wet paper as well, desperately trying to capture the light flowing and saturating the green.
I have to say I am quite lucky with my cravings so far : steak, cherry tomatoes, clementines, fish...
for the record: It rained all day today. And I had a huge urge to run in it. But I didn't.
35"x52"
A beautiful hunting/trapping/escaping set up.
fixed by a pull and draining away.
**click that link right there to nab a copy of that tape, but if you want one from me, I got em in the Sentient Recordings shop too.
The text of the publisher is:
And from By Terry... I discovered these two from my daughter...
Zukini -1
First let me say that I am usually funnier than this but there are some things going on today that just aren't very funny. I mean they are funny but they aren't ha ha funny. You may or may not agree with my politics or dogma but I think we all agree that this country is broken and we need to do something different.
a mobile police station in the
Jawdat arrived in Niceville four months ago as part of the Youth Exchange and Study Program (YES) through AYUSA Global Youth Exchange. The incident that got him sent home occurred in early November inside an art classroom at the high school.
I can get popcorn from the canteen.
(Now I just need to fix that buggy "read more" page break code and I'll be golden!)
JFsubmissions@bookends-inc.com
The most productive learning experience for students whether online or in face-to-face classes can often be the interaction among students and with an instructor. Online teaching and Social Network Analysis (SNA) offer the opportunity to examine intellectual social networking and strategies that promotes student interaction which can enhance learning. This study focuses on two online courses in which we used Social Network Analysis (SNA) techniques to evaluate and compare student and instructor interactions of two online courses (Lesley University, Cambridge, MA and Instituto Piaget, Lisbon, Portugal). One course was taught by an experienced online instructor and the other by an instructor new to the online teaching format.
I am still feeling rather fragile. I do not sleep well, waking at all hours of the night, I am tense during the day and prone to tears... Oh my God this sounds awful. I know I am not depressed. I did the depression thing after having our daughters and was absolutely 'out-of-it'.
The years since 1996 have been turbulent for the band. For a period from 1996-1999 the band used lead singer Gary Cherone but did not find success on the charts.
Spingo, a local brewery had a beer tent on the harbour side which showcased nearly all of their beers. All of which were lovely, just a shame I doubt I'm going to see them up here as most Cornish pubs didn't stock them either. Ben's Stout at 4.8% was superb, thirst quenching and very morish as was their 'Special' although that one was 6.6% and Easter Special was higher at 7.6%ish mark. Fantastic beers to end the evening on, smooth and rich.
Praised be His Holy Name!
The size of this one is: 30 X 40
Stir the sugar, fish sauce and lime juice mixture then add it to the noodles. Stir-fry for 2-3 minutes.
you how many curtains she's sewn
Cranky and I did what Cranky and I do: we proceeded without a recipe. We're good at a tasty, almost Creole, preparation of shrimp in oil, garlic and herbs. That would go on top of the grits. But there were no grits. Cornmeal mush to the rescue. (You genuine Southerners may scold me here.)
Let’s take this step by step –
You can probably also see that the bigger the author is (i.e. Nora Roberts or Dan Brown) the less of an issue multi-books become because there is room for all with his or her avid fan base. The no-compete clause becomes a moot point of the publisher wants that author on the house list.
So I reacted in a way I am not at all proud of.
We went on our annual road trip to South Carolina two weeks ago. What a great trip! The weather was AMAZING. We were able to go to the beach every day, ride bikes, golf, walk, rent boats and fish. We crammed as much as we could into our 7 days there. And we drove, which was once again a great adventure. When stopping at a gas station in the Blue Ridge mountains of N.C., one of the kids, upon hearing the strong southern accent, asked, "what country are we in?".
Any U.S. aid cut to Egypt, top MB lawmaker Essam el-Erian told the pan-Arabic al-Hayat newspaper, would violate the U.S.-brokered 1979 peace agreement with Israel.
But enough about money already! What about the taste?
Tonight's menu: breaded tilapia fillets with dill, capers and lemon zest, served alongside rice and green beans.
This excerpt illustrates perfectly what Whedon and Goddard find frustrating about modern horror: a blood thirst and immunity to physical horror, which perpetuates mutilation-driven movies like the Saw films and Final Destination series.
There were bars on the window. Bethany’s mother said they were to keep the world out. Bethany had no father to refute or repeat this. He was in the world, although Bethany had never spotted him through her telescope.
As a deer pants for flowing streams, so pants my soul for you, O God.
- In 2010, an emergency provision will offer seniors a $250 rebate on the costs incurred within the “donut hole”
Why all the sudden do consumers demand personalized experiences? What changed after hundreds of years of commerce where bulk interaction was sufficient? Humans have always been self-centered beings. Its our nature, regardless of how well some can resist the urge. We want the world to revolve around ourselves, so we seek out opportunities for becoming that center of orbit. It’s why we want a trusted confidant in our doctor or a waiter who will tell us what to order. It’s why “have it your way” was such a successful slogan. We have always craved these personal experiences, but only as isolated incidents that were difficult to scale and had no real bearing on the core values of an organization. There was never a need to structure a company’s business model around ego stroking. Then the Internet happened, and it inflated everyone’s natural urges to self-serve.
How to make a mistake in calculating the expectation? “Base articles on Everest Poker
Jeremiah 31:31-34–“Behold, the days are coming, says the LORD, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah—not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt, My covenant which they broke, though I was a husband to them, says the LORD. But this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, says the LORD: I will put My law in their minds, and write it on their hearts; and I will be their God, and they shall be My people. No more shall every man teach his neighbor, and every man his brother, saying, ‘Know the LORD,’ for they all shall know Me, from the least of them to the greatest of them, says the LORD. For I will forgive their iniquity, and their sin I will remember no more.”
The most to make me ashamed I am an American.
The ever serenading singer Bruno Mars had a tremendous success in such a small span of time. This American singer-songwriter and producer had vocalized top songs like ‘Just The Way you Are’, ‘Nothin’ On You’ and ‘The Lazy Song’ just to name a few. But in partnership to a singer’s success is, of course, fashion; and this man, this amazing man made it to the cut to be the very first person to be featured on On The Spotlight.
Well, hope you're having fun. I'm off to go and jump up on the kitchen table so I can see out the window and watch for intruders who come up to the front door. Perp has told me this is bad but how else does she expect me to guard the house?
First pick a corner of the room you want to have the fort in. You will have to first break the cardboard boxes so they are flat. Let your children decorate them any way they want. Once decorated put two holes at the top of the cardboard and thread your string/ribbon. Now, attatch ribbon to the ceiling so the cardboard is hanging. Make the ribbon long enough so the cardboard almost touches the ground. Now you have a fort that doesn’t take up any room because it is hanging from the ceiling!!
**Super amazing BIG freaking news coming soon about my upcoming Global Journey with Heifer International in 2012 …stay tuned!!
But the closest I've come to what might be called craft examples of native German styles are often the manufacturers of Bio beers. There is a Bio shop in town which has become my haven when my stock of foreign beers has dried up. A broad minded German beer shop might have a ratio of 90:9:1, meaning 90% Bavarian beer, 9% non-Bavarian or national brands, and 1% foreign beer (some Czech pils, and a Guiness if they're particularly cosmopolitan). A typical one though might have a ratio of 95:5:0.
For those of us who teach, let me encourage you. You have a great responsibility. Please teach! And teach well. God deserves our best. But let us teach with humility- and on our face every day asking for His divine wisdom each morning, and thanking Him for His divine grace each night.
Well folks, we’re onto another of our garam masalas! I hope you’ve enjoyed making some (or all, or none!) of these masalas. This week, as I said in my vegan blog last week, is my poultry masala. Well, as so much of my food is woven into my life here’s another little tale.
It stressed the need to support
Maybe it’s a special person. A grandson that hugs you with his whole being on legs that never seem to stop running. A friend made long ago, separated now by years and distance, that you can start up with again right where you left off years ago. Maybe that spot of sunshine is someone who can make you laugh and giggle, no matter the situation.
Me: What!? Why would you do that, that can make them very sick.
Places to start reading High Fantasy:
We decided to learn the basics in order to help us communicate with some of the pupils who use our centre on a regular basis, and we all have to admit we’re really enjoying the classes. If you’re lucky you may get the odd video on the blog with our ‘Word of the Week’, that is if anyone will vounteer to be filmed.
I tried to find the answer in Mishneh Torah, but the only thing I could find, was what he writes about the various books:
We have an election coming up here in Brenham. It is for the city of Brenham and the only ad I’ve seen for it has been in the classified section of our newspaper. Maybe it’s elsewhere but I’ve not seen it. I have seen very few things in the paper about any debate or Q&A session among the candidates so I’m wondering how the voters will make an informed decision? Do they go on name recognition alone? One name I recognize would be one I wouldn’t vote for. I don’t live in the city limits so I won’t be able to vote in this election but members of our group do. I think they should be allowed the opportunity to question those running. Are they running to fulfill an agenda or to help the community? Why do they think their way is “the” way?
Stossel said he left “because it sucked there.” He went on to describe a working condition where ABC “tolerated him for years” and “held their noses,” but by the end Stossel said he was looking for the closest door.
But here's the thing, of the blogs that I skipped over because their A to Z posts were short, frivolous things (like A is for Apple (because I really came across that one (more than once))), how many of them actually have blogs worth following but were "lying" during the A to Z month because the short posts attract more flies? I'll never know.
½ tsp vanilla extract
Perhaps, in some circles this is happening. For example a recent headline in the sober Spiegel news magazine, "The Football Stitchers of Sialkot" highlights the same problems as we discussed in workshops with corporates in 2002. If you don't want to click on the link, here's the summary:
Imagine. Worn out mamas like you and me, we are lights.
Lee Min Ho had arrived at the wake looking really shocked and saddened by the news. And while paying his last respects, he was seen tearing at the wake.
As I fought to stay awake (as I usually do) in my Survey on Western Art History class this evening, this well-known painting was projected onto the big screen. The professor started talking about what it meant at the time (as a ‘rationalist’ piece of American Art). The clothing, facial expressions, the boring home in the background. The expected.
The Fair Maid of Perth, by Walter Scott, tells of an English-speaking Perth only thirteen miles from Dunkeld, the edge of the Highlands. Gaelic-speaking despised savages threaten the town. As Scott says, Perthshire is Scotland’s most beautiful county: Blairgowrie, east of Dunkeld, lies on the line between the highlands and the flat arable lands to the south and east.
Another shameful project. A Disney picture that was supposed to be for Sonshine. It came with a Setifikit from Disney and EVERYTHING - Even the correct Disney colours for Pooh. I don't even know where this embroidery project is, but the threads and the pattern are in a Somerfield bag in The Drawer Of Shame.....
I just don't know whats going on here, I know I have blogged before about Shakespeare as when I was at school we were taught that no one knows if Shakespeare was a single writer a group of writers or a traveling band of writing performers.
They open the door.
And this looks like a good place to stop, though I intended to be much further advanced. If I'm writing, and a man comes to the door who doesn't look like the parcel man and has PORLOCK on his van or shirt pocket, shoot him. He once before wrecked the completion of what was going to be one of the best
What have I received from ________?
My Mind's Eye - Stella Rose cut 3.25x6.0 - ends rounded
Or, even, if they don’t marry – isn’t it fun to speculate? It’s like … Inception … mwahaha – you thought I could go without mentioning it.
For a short period of time directly after the emancipation of the slaves, there was a period of Reconstruction. During this period, African-Americans were allowed to vote, help congressional office, started towns, schools, medical practices and began setting a foundation for greatness. While the accomplishments of this time period were quickly stunted by Jim Crow laws and institutional racism throughout the U.S., the spirit of achievement has never been completely diminished in Black people. Despite any attempts to the contrary, Black people have shaped America through constant innovation in science, art, cuisine, and undeniably through style. This website is a celebration of the innovative style of a people and all of the ways that it has evolved.
7--Prince
balsamic vinaigrette dressing
Very drastically and basically from one day to another. Being stuck in a reality I did not enjoy and in a relationship that was draining me, I felt deeply unhappy and felt a force rising within me on regular bases, urging me to act. Knowing that waiting around for things to get better was futile, I opted to finish that which was already broken and started anew, jumping into the unknown and foreign, even though I was terrified. I embarked on a journey that took me through the most unbelievable twists and turns of fate, making me feel a broad spectra of emotions - anything from deep devastation and sadness to happiness of indescribable proportions.
Questions remain though -
The game ended 0-1 with the Cup going to the Little Damn Stunties. Congrats to them!
Ayd works with people to explore and unlock their creative ideas in ways they may never have thought possible to inspire innovation in their lives, and their business.
The vegas tradeshow, Project, is next week. I am going with my boyfriend, our PR girl Kristom, and 2 of our friends/ models. I'm SO excited because Erin is going and she is simply the best. My boyfriend is gonna shoot a ton of photos there so we can post a little story when we get back. Hopefully we don't get kicked out this time for hula hooping and face painting (lighten up project!!) I guess we will just have to face paint back in the room.
See above. I interpret “bleeding” here to mean suffering–and while not all suffering is beautiful–I do find that all true beauty contains and is grounded in suffering and sacrifice. I do not posit this as an external objective truth for everyone–but merely as a subjective observation that I believe in.
If you catch me listening to music this week, here are the top 5 songs I’m going to be listening too!
Cieds Collective, India ; Forum for African Women for Solidarity Economy, Senegal
On June 3, 1958 or 28 days thereafter, petitioner filed a motion for reconsideration of the decision, which was denied on June 14, 1958, for lack of merit. On June 21, 1958, petitioner filed a notice of appeal and appeal bond. Respondents registered opposition thereto for the reason that the filing of said notice of appeal and appeal bond was made out of time. Sustaining this allegation, the court, by order of July 5, 1950, disapproved petitioner’s appeal bond and notice of appeal.
My mother and I have been talking since late summer about the whirlwind weeks of my parents' courtship. Four, to be precise. They'd started dating in the final month of my father's senior year of college at a Canadian university, after which he started medical school in the U.S., on a campus nine hundred miles away. My mother still had a semester to finish and hadn't planned on moving to another country.
"Give me a cliff. I'm jumping." is something I often say when I'm getting to THAT point.
The recipes are super easy, very healthy and really don’t take long at all to prepare. Whether you are a veteran chef or a rookie like me, you will enjoy these healthy recipes for your family.
How this was going through my mind over and over today...
so I am willing to go along, to accept
BF: Thirty million or so.
Last week Zach was drawing a picture and asked me if Yasminah had feet. This may sound like an odd question to most, however we only had a few photos of Yasminah and none of them included her feet.
Regardless of what others would say or think.
reading poems about his childhood—
after the hoopla of last friday the weekend was quiet, unassuming and sweet. dinners with brothers, visits with sisters, driving in the country and golden afternoon light. though i look at cobalt blue skies and bare branches, i see the very beginnings of what will become spring. the world has its cycles and i welcome them. i live - i breathe - i am. acceptance.
Release Date : 26 December 1981
Text & Narration – LEE HARRIS (leeharrisenergy.com)
I’ve given you My Son to follow. I’ve given you the Holy Spirit to guide you. My power is available to you. Follow Me – Pick up your gifts and follow me. I’ll be where you are going. I am in the beginning, the middle and end of your journey. And I have another journey waiting and ready for you when you complete this one. Will you follow Me? Will you trust Me? Will you let Me be your strength?
But no. The envelope wasn’t there.
I'm exhausted, I'm sick, I'm feeling all kinds of pregnant.
They fly, because of love they fly
I hope to have some awesome shots for you soon. (I have to admit I'm a little nervous.) Wish me the luck o' the Irish (or the luck o' the photographer with the band).
1. Slice the roll in three parts horizontally. Toast the bread lightly. To freshen store-bought rolls, I sprinkle them liberally with water, then place them in a hot toaster oven for 5-10 minutes. They are as good as new!
The "prototype steam engine" referred to here is the tiny aeolipile of Heron, a cute little toy that would never have led to an actual steam engine given the metals technology of the time. The "mechanical computer" seems to be a reference to the Antikythera mechanism, an astronomical calculator of a kind that continued to be produced for centuries later, without ushering in any "industrial revolution". And the Church preserved Greek science, thanks substantially to the insistence of another learned Alexandrine, Clement, who stressed that all knowledge was from God and that Greek rationalism was to be revered and not rejected. But who wants to let pesky facts get in the way of pretty myths?
Most groupinge to casinos knowing fair the fact to the most favorite cards games played today. Everyone knows how to humor Bludgeon, but there is much to the game then fair trying to get your cards confidential to 21 without exploit over.
Brainless leaders for democracy lead to poor results in democracy, now file those lawsuits and send those recommendations for removal of academic qualifications and travel privileges of the racists and parasite crony, nepotistic, term limitless plutocrat politicians already!
Since the birth, she has cut deals with media outlets and posed in tabloid photo spreads to get by, touting a book and exercise videos that never materialized.
Actually I will be the one who won't be there. I have other plans - even if they only involve being in the room next door. In the meantime there is the usual incongruous collection of props to assemble; cowbell, bag of gold/beans, buckets, baskets and feather duster. Not my kind of shopping I'm afraid.
I think I’m getting a cold…eeeurgh. Noooo. I’m lying in bed, and I can’t breath through my nose at all. I think my immunities are really bad. Aw man.
You were not the first, but yet you were the worst.
-Angel Zapata, editor
Psalm 23:5 “You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies; you anoint my head with oil; my cup runs over.” Olive trees produced a reliable income for grove owners. Between the food, oil and wood, not to mention the long producing life of a tree, farmers with olive groves would have been prosperous. Joshua 24:13-14 “So I gave you a land on which you did not toil and cities you did not build; and you live in them and eat from vineyards and olive groves that you did not plant. “ The bible indicates many occasions where olive trees are linked to the provision of God. The books of Deuteronomy and Joel both speak of the Lord’s unmerited abundance including olive groves; in other words, olive trees were linked to the provision that comes from God, not from ones own efforts. God also establishes His desire for our generosity and giving utilizing imagery from this branch. This concept is reiterated throughout scripture, from the book of Ruth to the parables that Jesus told. Deuteronomy 24:20 When you harvest your olives, don’t try to get them all for yourself, but leave some for the poor.
Aha! Guess who got a lil' massage at physical therapy today after all? Heck yes I did.
After the development of larger and faster-growing hogs (due to crosses between European and Asian breeds) in the 18th and 19th century, in the United States, backyard and small-scale hog production provided an inexpensive means of converting waste food, crop waste, and garbage into calories (in a relatively small space and in a relatively short period of time). Many of those calories came in the form of fat and rendered lard. Lard was used for almost all cooking and was a fundamental component in many common homestead foods (many that today are still regarded as holiday and comfort foods) like biscuits and pies. The economic/caloric necessity of consuming lard and other saved fats may have led to the popularity of fried foods, not only in the US, but worldwide. In the 19th century cast iron became widely available for use in cooking. The combination of flour, lard, a chicken and a heavy pan placed over a relatively controllable flame became the beginning of today’s fried chicken.
Is it because we're empty nesters? . . . yeah partially . . .
Want to meet George Clooney and Barack Obama -- at Clooney's house?
Of course, with this recent success, Joe has plans to turn the garage into a boutique mushroom farm, having heard rumours that you can grow mushrooms from spent mushroom compost from industrial mushroom farms. After a spot of research, Joe has located a mushroom farm only 10 minutes away in an abandoned railway tunnel. stay tuned.
And the squawking of gulls.
Here are some of my faves:
Gender Sensitisation Committee against Sexual Harassment (GSCASH) was instituted in JNU in accordance with the Supreme Court guidelines in the Vishakha Judgment for the prevention of sexual harassment at the workplace. It was the students’ movement of this campus which demanded that GSCASH be put in place, as a result of which in 1998 it became the first such body to be established in the entire country. The progressive student’s movement also ensured elected students’ representation in GSCASH along with representation from all other sections of the campus. GSACSH was mandated to spearhead and strengthen the movement for a gender-just campus by fighting sexual harassment and patriarchy in all forms. Unfortunately, the institution seems to have replaced (or displaced) the movement rather than complementing it. And so, it has been easy for the administration to attack and weaken the GSCASH over the last few years. Today GSCASH stands severely weakened and constrained due to deliberate administrative assaults as well as in absence of a vibrant students’ struggle or women’s movement around it.
From here I retraced my steps back to the campsite to retrieve my pack, and then headed back to Cane Gap in order to jump back on to the Cooper Road trail. This section of Cooper Road trail (from Cane Gap to the junction with Beard Cane & Hatcher Mtn trails) is 1.8 miles long and gains about 500 feet in elevation. The uphill is pretty steady with just a few flat areas to give your lungs a rest. It's rarely very steep, but it gave me a workout. It was here that I saw the only other trail users of my whole trip - 3 trail runners coming down the trail as I was heading up. The trail is pretty rocky (and fairly eroded and rutted in many places) and climbs up a dry, sandy ridge that offers some nice views to the west, looking back toward Chilhowee Mountain. At about 2000 feet in elevation the fall color was starting to take hold. The dogwoods and sourwoods were turning scarlet, the sassafras orange, and the hickories and maples bright yellow.
After I was finished with my stamping I decided that my card still needed some color and so I added a bit of sponging along the bottom/ground. I first began lightly sponging using chocolate chip ink (ever so lightly) and then I went upward using wild wasabi.
Look to your house Hollywood! Look to your house!
There is still a strong link between the fields and the foaming pot.
I think this is where one has to modify the concept for their own needs and what they feel comfortable with doing.
No spoilers here, but as the story unfolds, there comes a point when Palmer tells O'Brien a lot about his life, time in prison, and what he's witnessed in the forest. As an author, I use this tool, this intersection, to help weave the perspectives together.
11. Bamboozled By Love (5:26)
No images today, you will have to use your boundless imagination! Or better still, visit the gallery to see for yourself. The exhibition continues until Sunday 26 February.
I can make it through the work week fine if I only have one night of waking up at 3:30 or 4am and not going back to sleep, but two consecutive nights of that will send me into a slothful, pissy stupor that wastes what little daytime energy I have on feeling guilty about my impaired functioning. Counseling, meditation, walking, running, eating right and not drinking anything other than red wine all have their place, but sometimes you've just gotta bring out the big guns of Big Pharma.
One of the biggest characteristics of a Proverbs 31 woman I see in Mama is that of strength. In fact, my dad even talked about her strength in his sermon Sunday morning. Any of the measly bit of strength I have, I get from my Mama for sure! Not only is she able to carry more than most men, she is able to handle more than most too. She has always worked to help support our family, and she has always been a full-time stay at home mom too. Those two things alone are difficult to do simultaneously. My mom has always taken every difficult, embarrassing, emotional, sad, or painful moment in stride...usually inserting humor where possible. Laughter through tears...or laughter instead of tears. Taking care of my sister, brother, and I full time...even now! Also taking care of my dad, who pastors a large church in my hometown. In case you don't know what the life of a pastor's family is, please take the time to ask a preacher's family. Meaning a child or spouse. Now that I have married into a family of doctors...I pretty much liken them to each other. Preachers' families do not have the luxury of designated "family days." Ministers' families share their dad (or mom) with the entire church. And we are more than happy to do so. Because my mom raised us to be that way. My parents both raised us as members of a church family...not just a congregation. My mother selflessly gave her husband to our church family, and she has never complained. In the meantime, she was our taxi driver, macaroni and cheese cooker, forgotten homework and lunch deliverer, field trip partner, back scratcher, problem fixer, laughter inciter, application organizer, tax filer, insurance question answerer, medicine giver, sickness diagnoser, tear wiper, embellished story teller, book fair worker, Girl Scout cookie director, foot rubber, apartment mover, errand runner, house cleaner, video taker, cheerleading camp gift giver, camp letter writer, spelling test reviewer, school project savior, party planner, and memory maker. She was all those things...and still is! These past few years, we have watched my mother take care of her own parents. Moving them both multiple times to separate living quarters, sitting with them through hospitals stays, rubbing lotion on their aging and neglected feet, repeating time and time again where they each were and when she would visit again, making anniversaries and birthdays special in the most unlikely places, preparing for a funeral, giving her own outfit for Nonnie's burial since green was Nonnie's favorite color, making sure every insurance payment was made correctly, taking care of bills and land and a lifetime of possessions, selling their family home, traveling 8 hours in one day to make a visit or take care of their business, knowing exactly what long term health care versus Medicare versus everything else covers, and never talking about it. We have also had the privilege of watching my mother help my dad take care of his mother. From washing her clothes during rehab stays, transporting her to hair and doctor appointments, and picking her up for church to plunging toilets and racing to the emergency room. We have seen her be and do all these things. We have learned strength from her.
He laid a blanket on the floor and the three of them sat down and helped themselves to the selection of meat, bread, cheese, fruit, and pastries. They washed it all down with a bottle of mead, which they passed around, having forgotten to bring cups.
971. Cascadian Farms Cinnamon Crunch Cereal @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 10:22 a.m.
Vertically we had 28 1/2” and we wanted two buttons per column so we divided by 3 and got 9 1/2”.
I’m more in love with him every day. This change in my life has been so uplifting that I am able to really see the good things that I have, and one of them if my boyfriend. I am happier than I have ever been (with him, but also with my life in general).
As I've just got back from a 12 hour overnight coach journey (turns out Lyon and Bologna, while geographically rather close, are a nightmare transport-wise) I will wait until tomorrow, when it hopefully won't take me an hour to write 3 sentences, to reveal what I made.
You can have it all
Natural Birth is a bit of an odd term because it can mean anything from giving birth without any intervention at all to giving birth with all the drugs in the world, all the equipment but baby happens to come out vaginally rather than through the sunroof.
UMBC student Dagmawi Tilahun, from the Department of Chemical, Biochemical, and Environmental Engineering, presents “Low Cost Incubator/Warmer/Cooler/Transporter Design for Neonates.” Tilahun and project partner Kevin Tran were featured in a Baltimore Sun article on URCAD, which explained that their research grew out of an assignment from professor Govind Rao on the use of sensors in chemical engineering.
What about irrational phobic fears? For many years, mine was spiders. I’m over it for the most part, although truthfully, I still don’t like them. I can either ignore them or at least remove them from my personal space and go on with my day.
LET’S USE WHAT WE HAVE – TO TRANSFORM THE PLANET
I said: Along which secret aqueduct,
The cost of Aeropostal items may be stated to become in between that of Express or Gap that is much more costly, and Old Navy that is less expensive. This tends to make the brand a preferred amongst numerous simply because it combines affordability with fantastic style. Therefore, it is now 1 with the biggest clothes companies within the marketplace.
that appeals not only to the rubber stamper but visual
I have been asked to show you my finished bride dolls. As you can see they have ringletted hair, a veil and I've added a few silver beads for their tiaras. I'm sure these will amuse the little flower girls on the big day don't you?
-Dilute the jaggery in the warm water and strain for impurities.
By August, the volume of media contacts grew so large that Moore estimates it at 463 for the month.
$998.00 + Shipping
JOHNNY DEPP/AL PACINO (Donnie Brasco)
Because I have never had a day off from motherly duties…
your Sweet Pea Stamps grab bag in the
Guess what? Because it was Easter, they were all closed!!!!!!!
The trouble with this parable is in the assumption that we know who Jesus is speaking to (‘those who were confident in their own righteousness’) and the assigning of roles. This is exactly what we must not do with this parable. It’s too easy to do so. It’s too easy to know exactly who is the publican and who is the sinner and the minute we start assigning roles we have ceased being a player (either a publican or a tax-collector) and started being the one who justifies one and not the other (i.e., God). It is only God who justifies and therefore only God who can assign roles.
So, the Pantomime wants to know:
One headliner, Michael Franti, met with members of the gay rights group OutFront.org and pledged his support to them, here.
Of Antiques and Collectibles with high prices....
MW: No deals! I’m not going to the backroom. Bring it out.
Beauty of make up products
The thousands of pages of court documents released so far have included everything from forensic-evidence reports and transcripts of detectives’ interviews to the details about the parties and clubs Anthony frequented.
42. Witch Laugh - Sounds To Make You Shiver!
And live it out loud
Proves that the smoke alarm is working and that a good thing too.
518- After some rough nights, Lemmy finally slept through the night!
What a great group of little learners at Montessori! This spring, we are in a unit called "Away We GO!" It is about all things that go go GO! So far, we have done trains (Ask your child about Shiny Dinah!), cars, horses, buses, and airplanes!
nettle gratin with Pecorino and nutmeg cream
Best Director: Michel Hazanavicius, The Artist
Wow - 5 blog posts in July and 2 in a week - thanks to WIP Wednesdays (and FO Fridays) my blogging's back on track! Yay!
I made some calls today about getting a new internet/phone provider. The only thing I'm disappointed about is that even though I still have my home phone service until 6/6, because I already technically cancelled Verizon or Comcast can't get my home phone # secured for me. :( We've had this same phone number all the 8 years that we've lived here. I told my MIL today that if my kids get abducted, they will have no clue who to call if we change our #! LOL Seriously, though... that's OUR number. I'm bummed!
After all the food on new year day, January 2nd should hold a morning of detox.
That doesn't mean that Topps can create a card comparing Bryce Harper to Mickey Mantle.
Dropped by Old World Brewery after work yesterday and managed to keep to my one beer promise and get back to Beer Rant HQ before sundown, which is nice. I didn’t try the anniversary ale, though I’d planned to originally, I just can’t keep away from that Dark Knight Porter of theirs and dang if I ain’t glad I did this time.
I travelled to Millicent (440 kms from Adelaide) on Friday around lunch time. My friend, Kerri turned 40 on Monday and at her husbands suggestion, we threw a surprise birthday party for her. Turns out Kerri doesn't deal too well with people 'forgetting' a milestone birthday and apparently was a bit sulky to see that people were a bit 'cold' and detached prior to the party. "I thought you'd forgotten about me" - she said. Of course, we were all bursting inside but none of us could let on. She burst into tears when she saw a heap of us Adelaide people there and everything was just perfect. Kerri's mum hosted the party and I was in awe at the design of her house. The pic above is one lounge room. There are three.
100. Theft of Swords: Avempartha by Michael J. Sullivan - The 2nd half of the first omnibus in The Riyria Revelations series. I enjoyed one of the two major stories lines quite a bit, but the Princesses story didn't pull me in she comes off as more of a secondary character with little will of her own despite her strong showing in the first novel The Crown Conspiracy. Even with those problems I enjoyed everything else. See full review here.
1. You can write long sentences as long as you begin them with the subject and verb.
Stein, Gertrude, poetry of 40
The weird part is she is totally staging the house for Christmas. All sorts of expensive decorations going up in every room. Some new…some existing. In the mean time she let the yard go to hell and the new pool pump burn out and go to hell. I have sat back and watched it happen. Now here is the thing. Even though she is screwing me I would have totally helped her in hopes she would list it and find a decent buyer. One that wants an existing renter. Since I have no guarantees, and she is chosen to ignore me I have chosen not to assist in kind. Now call me crazy, but what is the point of spending all the time , money, and effort to decorate a home all Christmas style and NOT EVEN HAVE IT LISTED YET?! Does she think she is going to attract a shit ton of holiday buyers in this economy? Now I don't know a lot about real estate, but I think it would be common sense to have it already on the market if you are planning on having Christmas events centered around listing and selling your home.
admonition, upon whom the ends of the ages have
Just a few updates:
Ok now for the story of when we found out. I had taken a First Response Early Result on July 16th nothing popped up after the time limit except the test line. Or so I thought through examining it a bit more if I held it to the light I could kinda see another pink line. But I didn't get my hopes up i figured I will just test again on Sunday the 18th the day before AF was due. Well Sunday morning I woke up and went to the bathroom all prepared for another negative and to my dismay the first little pink line came up in less than a minute it was faint at first but at the end of 3 minutes it was a definite positive.
Kidz City has other activities coming up very soon. It seems like the organizing with DIY Fest has been going really well, and the kids program looks amazing.
Call me a snob, but that’s a bit naive to think that you could get a job with the experience of “answering phones.” A ten year old could do that. When you’re eighteen, a job isn’t fluffy and gentle like a fabric softener commercial. It’s gritty, sour, physically demanding, mentally straining, emotionally damaging, crap, and the pay off is a three hundred dollar check for two weeks of work minus taxes. Benefits? What the heck are those. A first job should make you want to run for the college gates because you don’t want to spend the rest of your life serving slushies to bratty children, or stocking shelves.
“I was probably the first person to sit him down and put him in his place… I said, `You’ve cribbed your time cards.’ He said, `I’m worth it’. I said, `I don’t care how good you are, it’s just dishonest’.”
And there’s a lot to be said about the current attitude the club is radiating. So far they’ve had the benefit of having a team ahead of us to chase down. But now they’re ahead in the race for third and all alone. They need to maintain this intensity, be ready to overcome the bad luck, injustice and doubts that could lie in wait over the next nine matches.
Daragh-Your navigating duties, wind and currents analysis were outstanding. You kept us in the current flow and maximum VMG to the mark. Now if those darn helmsmen wouldn't be chasing lifts and headers....
And with all that in mind, I couldn’t be sure that she deserved this.
They will hear me call 911 and there is no way a dispatcher will get anyone here in time to help me. Calling for help is useless. It would only take them a few minutes to attack. There is not time to explain to a dispatcher or to anyone where I am exactly. There is nowhere to run. They have me surrounded but for the water behind me. They cannot be up to any good. They have spread out like a line of soldiers and they all have sinister faces, evil, they are frowning, why are they frowning at me? EVIL. Evil is here. I am done. What will happen to Jamoka? Will he rip them to shreds? There are too many. OH SHIT, A ROPE!? What is in that guy’s pocket? Am I dreaming. This is NOT happening. Denial will do me no good. Will they let me by? Maybe it’s not a rope, they don’t even need a rope. No. No. No. I can’t risk getting close enough to find out and I can’t turn around. I have to go through them. I have to get out. To hesitate is to show fear, Fear would appeal to their worst characteristics. They will be excited by my fear.
When I did the huge rewrite on Commences, a number of plot changes inevitably occurred that affected the next three novels in the quintet. Since I’m now working on the second of these novels, I thought I’d better check my old notes to see what – if anything – needs to be changed in Transference. So far, I can’t find anything. A character from the fourth novel, who appears in a different, unrecognisable form in Commences, also appears briefly in Transference so changes regarding this character need to be found. Failing so far. Can’t find my damn notes for the fourth novel!
In open letter coinciding with Fang’s death, Wang, hunger striker Wuer Kaixi and four others who participated in the 1989 Democracy Movement appealed for the Chinese government to let them return home.
Servings: Approximately 12 small cookies
5.rich life
Author: Wikipedia: “David H. Keller (full name David Henry Keller; December 23, 1880–July 13, 1966) was a writer for pulp magazines in the mid-twentieth century who wrote science fiction, fantasy and horror. He was the first psychiatrist to write for the genre, and was most often published as David H. Keller, MD, but also known by the pseudonyms Monk Smith, Matthew Smith, Amy Worth, Henry Cecil, Cecilia Henry, and Jacobus Hubelaire.”… “Keller’s work often expressed strong right-wing views (Everett F. Bleiler claims he was “an ultra-conservative ideologically”), especially hostility to feminists and African-Americans.”
So yesterday I was coming back to my office after running inside for a second. As I was coming back out, I stubbed my right toes on a metal bed frame that was leaning against the wall. I must have been distracted by the telephone... Anyway, my toes on my right foot now are all swollen up and gross looking. Well, they weren't pretty to begin with... I don't paint my toe nails and have never trusted anyone to give me a pedicure. I'm ticklish and will likely kick them. So my toes are ugly.
Mr. Baily describes what is occurring: "The sponge is actually a very fine abrasive, and slowly removes a thin layer off the paper." He explains that small pieces of the sponge and the paper roll off as you work. He assures that this is nothing to worry about. Finally:
The lionization of Dick Clark since his death has fascinated me in that, while the guy was indeed a part of all of our childhoods, he wasn’t a particularly “warm” media personality. Oh sure, his Top 40 DJ voice was mellow and very pleasant to listen to, and he had the cleancut good looks of any era’s boy next door. But Dick Clark was a host and nothing more. Like Ryan Seacrest today, he was an anodyne presence who had no show-biz persona to speak of — he ushered kids onto a studio set to dance to records and he ushered
She comes to in the dark. The flannel nightgown, the baggy underpants and the woolen socks are not hers. Panic forces the terrified fourteen-year-old upright. Nausea drains what little strength she has.
By the time I leave, I’m ready to take a long nap, but alas, I have arranged to meet my colleague Vicki for lunch at a mall near the Opera House. We meet for a nice lunch of sushi and then I head to Muscat City Center for some shopping. I have three things on my list today: a pair of sunglasses, a black handbag, and a dress appropriate to wear to the Opera House next time I go. I come away with 2 out of the 3 items on my list; I’m left empty-handed on the dress.
There are girls already permanently encamped in our dorm's basement. They have staked their claim on their particular piece of table and set up a permanent residence, leaving their coffee mugs, books, computers, planners and schedules strewn about like so much detritus of war.
And it all started with a missed flight in Fort Lauderdale. Some may say that it was a coincidence that I missed that flight and everything else happened, but I will tell you that my soul says I would be married today if I didn’t miss that flight. I might not have been married forever, this all had to come out sometime, but the timing was perfect.
Our ability to come together to stop or limit damage to the world’s environment will be perhaps the greatest test of how far we can act as a world community. No-one should under-estimate the imagination that will be required, nor the scientific effort, nor the unprecedented co-operation we shall have to show. We shall need statesmanship of a rare order…
DIY distributor Ditto Music has just sealed a distribution pipeline into Vevo.
“Nor can I imagine. I shall be a riot. I know just the sort of stuff that’s needed—simple, manly, optimistic stuff straight from the shoulder. This shoulder,” said Gussie, tapping. “Why I was so nervous this morning I can’t imagine. For anything simpler than distributing a few footling books to a bunch of grimy-faced kids I can’t imagine. Still, for some reason I can’t imagine, I was feeling a little nervous, but now I feel fine, Bertie—fine, fine, fine—and I say this to you as an old friend. Because that’s what you are, old man, when all the smoke has cleared away—an old friend. I don’t think I’ve ever met an older friend. How long have you been an old friend of mine, Bertie?”
I’m told the event will also have a dunking booth. I think Trey will be making some stencil t-shirts, and Bad Mustache Beanies will have some items for sale. Also, Wes’s sister will be showcasing her culinary skills with a variety of special cupcakes that we picked out (and even helped come up with recipe combinations of our own.) I can’t remember all the names we made for them, but there was the “Squeal Like a Pig” cupcakes, “Goat Blood” cupcakes (sounds very “metal” right?), the “Gay Arnold Palmer” cupcakes and lots more.
There are many theories of how Machu Picchu was used by the Inca Empire but several are more accepted than others. Some believe it was an estate of the Inca emperor Pachacuti (who may have overseen most of the construction of the site). Many of the human bones recovered from the site are female, leading some to believe Machu Picchu was some sort of monastery for chosen women. Based on the number of trails leading to and from Machu Picchu, some now believe it could have been a center of commerce as well as a political, religious, and social center. Whatever its function, it is an impressive site and an incredible example of the blending of architecture into natural surroundings.
tickling, unintended addiction to as a result of h. 127
I want you to make a birthday card based on your date of birth.
Farmer #1: (wiping his brow with a bandanna) Whew! Well I guess that’s it then, here’s our plan for this year's crops.
I am absolutely thrilled to be nominated for an Annie Award for my work on Tigger in the feature film "Winnie the Pooh".
Hello all and especially to my special friend, (you know who you are). I am sorry that I have not continued with blogging. Either writing or visiting all of your sites but it is all I can do to turn this stupid contraption on at the end of the day to deal with minor things. What turned out to be a minor annoyance, to me at least, has lead to something painfully more difficult to deal with. Not to mention a Doctor (ahem) whom I believe, is more concerned with his pending retirement to dealing with his patients.
Diane Kruger, 35, donned a half-sleeved black-and-white floral-print Derek Lam Fall 2012 cocktail dress with an embroidered red-orange-and-black collar. The calf length frock was accessorized with a black and lucite Versus Spring 2012 strappy sandals.
Leaders understand that they cannot control things like the economy, or the weather, or anything else that is beyond their power.
I have long wanted to own a copy of the Savage Worlds Fantasy Companion. It was a mere twenty bucks. I always figured that I'd get it "one of these days."
Minor complaints aside, this was a decent story superbly written. John Hansen is a young writer--teenaged, even, though I can't say exactly what age--and already has a great grasp of language and narrative flow. If I wrote as well as he does when I was his age, I'd be rich and famous by now.
That policy can be viewed at here. Given their non-involvement in the later stages, it is interesting that the cover-page of the housing policy highlights UdeCOTT as a main state agency in its implementation.
Feed the flies
There will be a quiz on Wednesday.
I have had a LONG few days.
Yes, I indulged in a hamburger and a beer, but after a 40-mile bike ride I felt entitled. I can do that and maintain my weight. It would be nice to think I can lose weight that way, but let’s be real.
So when filmmaker Jay Michael visited the area, 40 miles NE of Oklahoma, to shoot some background footage and investigate the story, he found that local residents knew all about the Swamp Monster tale, along with the fake shoe and phony footprints.
New Zealand – West Coast
We had planned on cheese and biscuits followed by coffee, liqueurs and mints but as it was 1am before we hit the puds they fell by the wayside. All of us had wee ones to deal with in the morning so the 2.30am bedtime we eventually succumbed to was pushing all our boundaries. Ah, if you can't push it on NYE when can you? Eating your way to midnight is a sure sign that you've passed the first flush of youth is it not? But you know what, I like this second flush of youth, my friends are long term and my cooking has come on a treat. The wee ones gifted us an early night, all slept through without a murmur allowing us grown ups to slip into a more relaxed state as the night sped past.
"I refuse to become a monster."
Moves in for
Again, I am NOT suggesting that anyone who contacts me is obligated to hire me. Far from it. All I'm suggesting is that once someone has opened up a dialogue with me, we should have an actual dialogue! In fact, it's that dialogue that helps them -- and me -- determine if we're a good fit for each other, or not.
in extending our perception of grids
Internet pornography comes in many form – nudity, live show, erotic dance, and anything the client want.
We're also gonna interview the woman who owns the cottage we'll be staying at/shooting.
“He’s trespassing, you’re breaking the law, and you’re sorry,” the officer said, shaking his head and turning from me to the homeless man. I felt dismissed and pulled away.
I’m gonna go vomit up my breffus now.
So...a few odds and ends, of things going on over in this neck of the woods. I am the first to admit I am like a kid in a candy shop when it comes to boxes arriving. Well suffice to say I have had lots of boxes arriving in the last few days....and I am so happy I indulged in a thing or two myself because I have to tell you I truly love everything I am about to ship out to what will be I know happy customers! But I know spring is in the air when I get busy with my flowers.....
2) Lady Gaga: Always transforming herself and staying fresh in the spotlight, Lady Gaga has shone as bright as every this past year. Yes she does weird things and dresses like a transvestite, but Gaga still remains a positive role model in the celebrity world. She is an avid activist who believes in fighting for your rights, and is an icon for gays and lesbians across the world. One particular PR move that made people love and appreciate her even more was this past fall when a 14-year old boy from Buffalo, New York, Jamey Rodemeyer, committed suicide due to peers bullying him for being gay. Lady Gaga was his number one role model, and when he took his life she took matters into her own hands. Gaga spoke at the iHeartRadio Festival saying that “bullying must become illegal. It is a hate crime.” She also tweeted about it and created a lot of buzz.
If they confess their sin to you and put out any effort to repent and you DON'T forgive them ("I'll wait until they get it 100% right before I forgive them!") you have already demonstrated that God's love is NOT in you as it must be! Did God wait until you "cleaned up your act" before He forgave you? I don't think so! This is Jesus' warning to you! To not forgive is to IMPRISON them in their sins and that is not the love of God! And Jesus' warning to you is found in the verses just following the Lord's prayer: if you will not forgive people their sins against you, neither will your heavenly Father forgive you your sins! Why? Because you haven't repented of your sin of bitterness!
Each of us has our own unique flaw. But it's the cracks and flaws we each have that make our lives together so very interesting and rewarding.
Along with the change in our eating and shopping habits, I'm going to be giving this little blog a bit of a makeover as well. So please bare with me if you see links appearing and disappearing and a few wonky things over the next several days. Hopefully I'll get it all ironed out soon.
Now we can make our bundle of balloons. Start with a heart-balloon by making a regular heart, then adding a little tail. Next to that balloon, draw a yellow round balloon and add a tail. add a couple more heart balloons to finish out the bundle. Outline each balloon and add a smile to the yellow balloon. Doodle a bow to hold the balloons and draw strings down from the balloons to the bow.
That had to be Shag?!
Molluscs have an outer layer of tissue, or skin, called ‘mantle’. In many species, the mantle secretes calcium carbonate (CaCO3) to produce the hard outer shell, like the ones we tend to imagine. When any minute particle such as a grain of sand or even a tiny fish gets lodged in the mantle, it secretes a special substance known as ‘nacre’, to encapsulate the irritant and protect itself.
Meanwhile, in Greece, the main Right-wing party, New Democracy, went on an arms buying spree when last in power a few years ago, unneeded military hardware paid for with loans. And the rich in Greece don’t pay taxes, in a country with one of Europe’s biggest economic disparities. Government workers are being demonized as the biggest problem in Greece, but it is precisely government workers who can’t evade paying taxes — their employer makes sure of that.
K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a is a name for the wife of the five Pa<U+1E47><U+1E0D>avas (Yes, all five brothers had a single wife. It’s a long story). She is so named because of her intense love for K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a, and is more commonly known by the name Draupadi.
So we’ve examined our maps and satellite photos and decided what our AO is going to be. This is a satellite view of the area I used to live in. Take a look at it and then reference the legend below it to see what we came up with.
The world is wondering on various topics. What will the newly minted billionaires & millionaires do with all their monies? Has the free publicity by the media over the years turned FB into the household name it is today? Is the company really worth $100 billion with only about $4 billion in revenues and $1 billion in profits? What kind of person is Mark Zuckerberg? Will his focus now shift to catering to his shareholders and making more money for them? Will he now start selling your and my information to companies looking to leverage the data for various reasons including selling us what we may or may not want? How much information should we make public on social networking sites? Is anything ever private? What is the future of Facebook (FB)? What modes will FB adopt to grow its revenues and what controversies will that cause? Do I still want to continue on FB? Is spending a few minutes to an hour daily on FB a waste of my time? As a user, how is it that I am not making a single penny while my data is worth something to someone out there? So on and so forth……
Introduction: I have been friends online with a woman from Australia, on and off again, due to various circumstances in our lives since 2002. She is one of my very best friends, and she probably knows me better, on a more deeply personal level than almost all of my “real life” friends do.
Yes, I have been told that by doing so I do encourage pan handling. I say however that it is between the person and his Maker. The person asking for alms or “anything that helps” must really be in need…for them to stand out in the cold and even under the rain!
avoid being with colleagues and try and include someone who knew the layout of the building”.
So if you really wanted to do a good job on a book of all 365 of these designs, you'd need to copy and paste all the content, download all the photos, re-stitch, and re-shoot all the photos that look bad, edit the content down, format it for a book, and whew! then you'd be ready to publish.
Metroland presents itself as community minded, but eschews controversy that impacts its protective shield of protecting the ad base.
“Well, yeah, but like Jesse is a ghost… But no seriously, the nice guys are out there, they’re just the ones sitting like right at the back of the classroom, too shy to talk to you.”
Like Neytiri says in Avatar,
The Hull: This is analogous to the case in handguns and rifles, but is slightly different. Modern shotgun hulls are generally made of plastic with a brass base, or "head"; though historically (and currently used in shooting events that recreate historic time periods) they have been made of paper and brass, or even all brass, like a handgun casing.
De Vice Cyah Done!
but this dream I’m waking from, will turn you
For you the question will be 'Why?'
The early scenes of the film give the background for Esther’s desperate bid to make it in Hollywood , showing her in a suffocating small-town household, with a bullying aunt who ridicules her dreams of becoming an actress. This feels similar to the claustrophobic family setting in Small Town Girl. It is only too easy to see why she accepts some money from Granny (May Robson) and heads off to the bright lights. Eleven writers were involved in creating the A Star Is Born screenplay, including Dorothy Parker and Ben Hecht - whose wit adds to the sparkling dialogue. But, nevertheless, the film definitely has Wellman’s stamp on it, and this whole small-town sequence feels very characteristic of him.
Individual magi then embark on a course of study wherein their specific talents are identified and enhanced. Some magi find they have some limited ability over the elements, can move objects from a distance, or can seize control of a weaker person’s mind.
Quinoa & vegetable salad
When Durvasa, who eats with unlimited disciples, was sent by our enemy.
“You get the top bunk,” a voice said from below. Olivia could not see the face at first, but the voice sounded familiar. It was Andy. Oh my God.
This is the glorious Asbury Park, a photograph taken in winter three years ago. The Stone Pony is off the boardwalk to the left. A glassblower is staying warm beside his fire. Beth is singing behind the camera.
Not surprisingly the kids both fell asleep on the way back to the campground so we had a bit of a messy bedtime trying to sponge them down (they were FILTHY!) and get them back to sleep before a lazy dinner and we both crashed ourselves.
Fun Trivia:
In a lot of ways, we’re in the same boat. We’re surviving as it is, but we can’t take on many more families.
Makes the piece feel so much older then it really is.
Boisterous friends ran on ahead,
About half an hour after I had finished eating what I ate, I started to feel sick to my stomach.
The loan is understood to relate to the Sprucefield Centre which is a small shopping centre in Lisburn, county Antrim which opened in 1989 and which houses just four outlets – Marks and Spencer (the largest in Northern Ireland), JJB Sports, Boots and McDonalds fast food and also has 1,500 parking spaces.
That’s the kind of wife I’m married to. These are the kinds of songs that come out of those stories. It’s a special song and I’m grateful for all the people who’ve walked through loving unconditionally. I hope the song means as much to folks as it does to me.
Please just bear with me for another week or so and i shall be back on track asap !
To hint at a life to come.
Ecco il mio biglietto da visita.
ENCLAVE was the first in Ann Aguirre's Razorland series, and I loved it! It had the winning combination of a kick-butt heroine, swoon-worthy boys, and zombies. I was SO excited to meet Ann at RT Teen Day 2012. She was amazing and gave me some exciting tidbits about OUTPOST: there will be lots of kissing. Maybe even a little more than kissing. And although Ann didn't say, I'm quite certain the kissing is with a certain boy, and not with one of the zombies (known as "Freaks" in this world). Cause...ew?
Police spokesperson Chaka Marope says charges of rape and housebreaking are being investigated.
Robbery 12.0 31.2
This isn't to punish us. Everything in life is showing us our connection to every other thing - the wheels are set in motion for all of us. We can barricade that door and spend weeks, months, maybe even years holding at bay what we think is out there - but it is absolutely coming in anyway - or we can open that door now.
Of course, daddy chose a flowerless bamboo tree.
a. No schooling
What I personally feel that because of the circumstances and the situation in our day to day life we start feeling our self down and in the long run it developes some sort of negativity in our thoughts, and thats when these Godmen comes into our life with a ray of hope towards positivity of life...
As for us fans – this is no time to brag. If things go our way we’ll have the whole summer to do that. Before then we need to roar this team across the finish line. After the game is before the game.
Written by Kloipy (Seth Dombach)
Into a glass of water
Mash avocadoes with fork, add sour cream (I like my guacamole creamy, you can leave out the sour cream if you prefer pure avocado), add lemon juice and seasonings to taste.
I enter by the west door. Subdued lighting emphasises the serenity of this place, and allows the rich colours of the stained glass windows to glow. The quality of the craftsmanship is apparent not just in the fabric of the building, but in the decoration too. Arches supported by tall but slim perfectly proportioned limestone columns support elegant arches that draw the eye to the altar. The roof timbers are a testament to the skills of the woodcutters and carpenters who shaped them from oaks grown in the nearby Weald forest. Three effigies in the north aisle – thought to be of members of the Godfrey family – are exquisitely carved, every detail of the human form beautifully depicted in what was once a solid block of black marble. I feel an urge to touch the stone and feel its cool smoothness beneath my hand, but somehow can’t help thinking this would show a lack of respect not just for the memories of those the effigies commemorate but also for the craftsmanship involved.
Finally, a special thanks to those of you who helped me compile this History.
Favourite Doctor:
To make pancakes:
2) My husband, son and I went strawberry picking yesterday. I didn't even know there was such a farm where we live but after doing some research, there was one only about 30 minutes away! I was ecstatic, especially since strawberries are my favorite fruit, snack, dessert...pretty much anything.
I also found this website recently that has compiled a set of real-life pictures of all the animals discussed in the Burgess Animal Book. I think we will get them printed and create a picture book to go along with our readings.
Christopher Fowler – Norman Wisdom And The Angel Of Death
In many cases, though, the term has been blown out of proportion and teenagers over use it by hash-tagging it in pictures and wall posts on Facebook because it’s become trendy.
Another show conveniently one block from my flat, another night of overpowering paranoia preventing me from walking out the door until I had missed almost the whole show. I got inside just about half way through the Fleshies set, but didn't escape paying the door charge this time. Right as I walked in, John Geek landed at my feet, and I shouldn't have been surprised to find him at least 20 from the stage. He wasn't even close to being naked though. The Fleshies had always been my favourite of the East Bay poppier punk bands that were playing during my early years of living in Oakland, and I hadn't seen them in awhile. It felt good. Like a familiar old uncle's hand down your pants.
The Australian reports of one disillusioned rebel fighter who described the actions of rebel militia as “Mafia.” He said
Cardstock: Textured Orchid Opulence; Textured Pretty in Pink; Perfect Plum; Certainly Celery
Matthew 16: 13-20
I know this isn't the typical recipe I post, but it's food, it's fresh and it's great for your skin and well-being.
The first victim....our Kitchen counter! What once was a pretty little spot, is now a breeding ground for papers, invites, cell phones and all the other evidence of our busy lives. And what's worse, is this is a very visible spot in our house...the side of the fridge can even be seen from the front door!
Informed readers of “Models of Sickness and Disability” might wonder why something that has been repeatedly shown not to be a successful model is being promoted by a UK Government.
-This above all: to thine own self be true,
E-Reads re-releases this classic, smart and sassy advice book from the 1960's. Published in the heyday of the sexual revolution, it’s as entertaining and pertinent as it was on publication date. And Dickson, one of the movement’s most outspoken leaders, still displays the same wicked mind, razor-edged wit and freewheeling attitude that made her one of the most popular writers of the day.
Back then, I might have gotten suspended for a couple of days if I had been caught. Today, I’d be at Gitmo. Okay, that might be an exaggeration, but you know what I mean.
and then there is the recent review of these treatments in the five reference centres in Belgium. The Belgian Prof who set up these centres, is part of the we cure 70% group, yet this review showed again that these treatments make ME patients worse.
Chapter 8 - The Coast
Zombie Mind Suckers, formerly known as the GOP.
"A bit like cat." he said.
Have a great day, xx
I saw a few pieces of lint, and one jiblet of blank paper.
Doesn't it sound fascinating? I totally have to buy a ticket to see this.
Enjoys biking...They have 2 DUI's and legally cannot drive.
Now the air is still and questioning and everything is crisp and hushed and waiting, somehow.
Actually more often than not, scheduling data can be accessed directly from previously entered data that is used for other functions within the database. Thus eliminating the need to “double enter” information.
The steam warms his nose and weaves through his thick mustache. It’s enough to warm his bones, but not much else. She said she’d be here and he still believes her. People get lost or wander away, but they always end up coming home. Don’t they?
Rémy: Latest job :). I don't know, I like to make the minis but when done they don't have any interest apart sharing it ith other people. But to answer your question I would say the Cuchulainn figure.
pull my fingernails out one by one...
But it felt ‘so good’ to be cold. And I finished my hat just as we were starting to drive into the curves of our 4-hour drive. It was perfect timing.
She is doing PR for the show, and every time we open up a newspaper there’s an interview with her, with rarely a mention of her QVC enterprise.
WOW! That is a powerful statement. A small rudder has the ability to set the course and determine the direction of even the greatest and mightiest of ocean vessels. Think about this for a moment. The Queen Mary had 3 acres of recreational space, a gross tonnage of 80,774, an average speed of 31 knots (57 mph), two indoor swimming pools, beauty salons, libraries, children’s nurseries, a music studio and lecture hall, telephone connectivity to anywhere in the world (in the 1950’s), outdoor paddle tennis courts, and dog kennels. The largest room was the first class dining room which spanned three stories in height. The anchor is equal to the weight of ten cars.
I'd like to build a good nest egg. As good as a single person can build on their own.
Decorations and Party Details: I used traditional red and green Christmas colors with touches of polka dots and stripes. I used the Dimpleprints Santa party package which was full of charming images, perfect for our North Pole breakfast.
Tan Sri Abdullah Ahmad is not your ordinary UMNO member. His opinion counts and his advice are sought by past and present leaders of UMNO. And he has spoken candidly as a politician. He is saying that Najib can retain power and get away with “money politics” provided it is done in the right way. But, can corruption be done in the right way?
But that isn’t the information I turn to when I want to understand my writing better. Besides the words themselves, and there are a couple budding novels in there if I’m not careful – or maybe if I am. Some days it’s hard to tell. The information I gather lends more to understanding the process.
when she said ‘Hello’ to me.
“I know,” said Korfu, “but he waited for all of us to fall asleep I think…”
consumed over the weekend!
PAK LAH: (It also sends negative vibes to domestic and foreign investors, undermining the tireless efforts of industry and government in attracting investments (…) the creation of negative perception, through over-reaching and unfounded public accusations, is difficult to overcome.
Most of the independent Irish breweries were represented at the long festival bar, with a mix of regular and seasonal beers. I was along on Thursday, Friday and Sunday with my hit-list, as well as to represent Beoir and talk to punters about Irish brewing history whether they wanted to learn about it or not.
My mother was a lovely woman – bright, sociable, caring and stoic. Growing up I thought all parents were pretty much the same as mine; I had no real idea of the luxury I was afforded by having two well-educated, left wing, cultured parents. Not just in financial terms were we lucky , it was also the intellectual luxury. The enjoyment of debate and discussion. Of having a house full of their bohemian friends. The glamour of parties at home and seeing Mum dressed up in her finery to go out. I wish I’d kept her black cigarette holder. I thought it so wonderful and decadent as a child.
Biblical Inerrancy: Is the Magisterium Clear or Unclear? Bob Says Both
Alan Rudolph (Choose Me)
At this point, I’m just blaming day care.
You had to write ideas, character sketches and dialogue in it. We were told to listen to people’s conversations and write down the bits we liked. The whole class became eavesdroppers. We could be found sitting too close to groups of people while we scribbled feverishly into our notebooks.
But Tommy ain’t a bloomin’ fool – you bet that Tommy sees!
The worst, saddest part was not only how he left this earth but what his life had come to in the end. He died on the bar room floor from alcohol poisoning. He was forty-two. His last ten or so years he had become a liqour-sploshed brain, the town drunk. He had a schedule at each bar from ten or eleven am until close. He showed the bar tenders the bent, worn pictures of us from his wallet. They didn’t believe we were really his. He bragged about us. I know this because when I was eighteen or nineteen (when I was an alcohol and speed-freak myself in another city), I decided to find him to question him–and I didn’t know for sure why. But when I finally found him at Tim & Sandy’s, I couldn’t resist his slim, hovering body, alone at the bar in his old Packer jacket. He wore the same brown-framed glassed that only magnified his beautiful eyes in a seventies fashion. I pulled up a stool next to him and said “Hi, dad.”
August 11
It is the story of how our former president Sri Kalam inspires a little boy called chotu to “get an education” for himself, so that the entire Indian Army will one day salute him! He even combs his hair like the president and tells everyone his name is Kalam.
Now the junta is offering a “national convention” with Mali’s entire “political class” to discuss the country’s future. In a move that signals it may be more concerned with looking back than looking forward, it has also proposed putting the deposed president Amadou Toumani Touré on trial for high treason. This is significant because it effectively forestalls any attempt to return the country to its pre-coup legal framework, which would restore Touré (however symbolically or temporarily) to power.
The dust that I breathed that day gave me a severe allergy to last a few days., but I did save thousand rupees plus on the taxi. Wise or penny wise? After being mis-directed by some untrustworthy folks on the walk back, and having a bad time of it, I almost cancelled the rest of the trip and came home. But then I knew that if I did not finish this trip as planned, I might never go again, so steeling my nerves I went forth to Pipariya and Pachmarhi where I had the most wonderful time of my life.
1988 Graeme Hick, Worcestershire's 21 year year old cricketer, scored more than 400 runs in a county championship match, the highest innings in England this century.
love and power
One of Lenin's rhetorical attacks upon social democrat and trade union leaders and officials was to dismiss them sneeringly as "labour lieutenants of capital" (seeking a role as subordinate partners in managing the exploitation of our class). That cannot be said of the General Council's invitation to David Cameron!
Looks as though they are landscaping the park, and putting in a new walk path.
Her mother is the most disgusting crude woman I’ve ever seen on on TV with the exception of anything to step foot on Jerry Springer. She seriously belched on TV. *Shudder* Her mother, June?, gives Honey Boo Boo Child what they refer to as “Go-Go Juice” to get her ready for pageants. What is this concoction? “Go-Go Juice” is a mixture of Red Bull and Mountain Dew. Seriously, she’s giving her 6 year old child Red Bull and Mountain Dew mixed. She’s 100% adamant that this is OK to give a 6 year old because it makes her come alive on stage. Whatever. She just… Ugh. You walk into their house and because she’s an extreme couponer she has 6000 rolls of toilet paper, 16 million deoderants, 50 things of dish soap…It’s ridiculous. That’s actually how the get money for pageants- couponing. The money that would go to food now goes to Honey Boo Boo Child. When they cut to Alanas room the walls were completely bare except for three of her pageant pictures hanging up on the wall, unframed, using push pins to secure it into the wall. I can go on and on. Her mom looks like Jabba the hut and should not be giving her child Red Bull and Mountain Dew mixed together. I’m 24 years old and my heart cannot handle that. Literally I feel like I’m having a heart attack. I cannot imagine being 6 and having that amount of caffeine .
I kind of like the little tattoos people put in discrete places. I’ve even considered doing it myself. A little butterfly here or there. Okay, maybe if I was younger, I would’ve done it myself.
1349 **D-IV/27/2000. “Abraham Lincoln and the Pursuit of Happiness.” Lenoir-Rhyne College Hickory Humanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(9), above, pp. 92-103.)
1. I don’t necessarily believe in Religion, but I do believe there is a God, a higher power who watches over us. I don’t believe we’re just in this alone.
I am reading Cixous' Coming to Writing and just as Cixous writes of reading I am suckling this text I am sucking this text I am inhaling this text I am wet open mouth kissing this text like an inappropriate six year old cursed by Freud's seduction theory I am polymorphously perverse with this text I am rolling around in the pages of this text I am taking off my clothes and baring myself to the world in this text I am fucking the text I am dripping myself onto the pages of this library book I am licking the paper I am rolling up the paper and stuffing it into my mouth into my cunt like Carolee Schneemann I am pressing myself up up against the wall of these words.
I am thinking of odd shoes that I see everywhere here. Sort of clog/Birkenstock-ish things in black suede that have big platform bottoms and look very comfortable and will make me tall.
90. Pieces of Us Margie Gelbwasser
Old-style variety was much like modern-day comedy in that, as the documentary says: “You couldn’t be in Variety and be in elite company. It just wasn’t done. But, if you became a very big star, you could mix with kings and princes.”
Happy Chinese New Year to everyone celebrating. Gong Xi Fa Cai!
The second rule of thumb when using the bathroom is - wash your hands. Its not exactly a hard concept to grasp. You have either just touched your wang, or wiped your ass, as well as all the fixtures and handles and shit in the bathroom that have had other wang and ass-covered hands on them. Take 30 seconds and wash that shit. Because next time you hand me a bit of paper or whatever, it has all your wang-germs on it. Then I touch my face, and I have pretty much had your wang on my face. Now, I don't dislike you, but I really don't want your shlong all up in my grill. Got it?
I consider picture books an important way of not only teaching a child to read and enjoy books, but also a way to let them appreciate art. Picture book illustrators demonstrate such diverse styles it’s a wonderful way for children to explore drawings, paintings, collage. To explore creativity in several ways.
3) On my lunch hour I scurried out of the office for a quick bite to eat and found myself standing at the corner of 6th and Congress with several scary looking teenagers who appeared to be in some kind of gang. The odd thing? They were all signing to each other vigorously--obviously an outing from the Texas School for the Deaf just down the street. I'm sure that if I watched long enough I would have figured out how to sign "muthafucka!"
First, he Borg are as menacing as they were back in "The Best of Both Worlds.” It is tough following up a story that well done with another Borg invasion story, but First Contact does it well by introducing a much more claustrophobic feel. Whereas we were fretting over the inevitable assimilation of Earth on a grand scale in “The Best of Both Worlds,” it is the mindless zombie attacks of individual drones in the confined space of the Enterprise that ratchets up the attention--apart from the personal plight of Picard, of course. It is masterful that one can take essentially the same plot and make it frightening twice.
Today's outfit is a repeat of this one. I've been doing a decent number of repeats lately -- it's been nice, because I'm still semi-well dressed without needing to think much. The only thing particularly new today is my necklace. As mentioned before, I've realized that I have a dearth of colorful/chunky necklaces in my wardrobe. I started poking around looking for jewelry options online, then decided it might be cheaper just to make some pieces myself. So I ordered a bunch of beads and bits from Fire Mountain Gems. So far, I've only made one piece, but hopefully there will be more to come! These are Preciosa Czech pressed glass beads, garnet red, 10mm rounds.
I used an embossed resist technique with white embossing powder, and using a sponge dauber, sponged on the green, blue and orange. Then, I stamped the black circles. I love making bookmarks to mail with birthday cards. Just a small little gift for the recipient.
Occupy Wall Street is relaunching their movement today on this May Day 2012 and, honestly, I can identify with them in some respects but not all. I REJECT their Communism! But many of their complaints ARE valid and worthy of fighting for. The global bankers ARE fascists and they have a long history of financing fascism and Marxism all over the world. They are the elites and we are the serfs and if you don’t believe it just ask them and they’ll tell you just how much of a serf YOU really are. Fact is these fascists RED elites ARE the 1% and we who are the SERFS are the 99%! But we are far worse than mere serfs comrades. We are the OPPRESSED and the DEMORALIZED and some of us are so damned dumb we haven’t even figured it out yet!
A special thanks to these girls for motivating me to finish this project.
State: Groggy, been up over 24 hours, still ready to hit the mean streets of AMS
In the last few day, I got two emails from readers telling me that the place is now closed all the time.
I: To go to the beginning, how did you discover punk?
Of course this film was not without a couple of short-comings, to see Deepak Dobrial dwelling in histrionics, Mahie Gill going over the top when she weeps is really awkward, background score literally attacks your eardrums and is almost every time out of the place (if you notice the background score instead of feeling it, then you know it is incorrectly overdone). Moreover, when you see a psychological film, the angst should seep deep inside somewhere and evil does take over, the way it is shot and cut hopping from one condition to another does distract some times.
As always on this anniversary day, I took Katie to visit his grave. Jill is buried in the same cemetery, but they aren't next to each other. Had we known that we'd be burying Jill just 3 years later, she could have reserved the adjacent plot, but you don't think of things like that at the time.
Makes me happy!
322 Fourth Street, Columbus
Yes, I know this isn't exactly the healthiest breakfast out there, but it sure is delicious for a special occasion!
I gave my scales the finger this morning.
I'm so excited. I can't believe that a week from tomorrow we'll be on our way. We'll spend Sunday with a good friend in Addis, and then take custody of Ruthie Mekdes on Monday.
Diamond Stickles
But those aren’t the emotional places I want to dwell in. I’d rather think about the tiny miracle inside me, thank God for it, and celebrate it with the man I’ll be spending the rest of my life with.
And the quarks are invisible in opium frenzy
Digging around for Hitchcock anecdotes is like trying to find just the right cup of sand at the beach; the problem is that the supply is inexhaustible. Nevertheless, to start us off, the Siren is offering a few here.
+Bonus: Feature Story written about you or your shop/site, to increase YOUR credibility!
41. Women consuming even one cup/150mg of caffeine per day are 7 times more likely to suffer from PMS.
The overall economy, as measured by the gross domestic product, grew at an annual rate of 5.6 percent in the final three months of last year. About two-thirds of that growth came as companies slowed the reduction of their inventories.
Volunteers come in all shapes, sizes and backgrounds. Most often, the recruitment and engagement of volunteers is on a level playing field – what experience and skill sets are needed at the time determines who in the applicant pool gets the nod. But, some NGOs favor volunteers who've supported the organization financially and otherwise. Some call this "pay to play", and it is an issue not limited to organizations that recruit pro bono lawyers for international assignments. Prospective volunteers need to know and understand the policy of the sponsoring organization concerning expectations of financial support.
We like to home educate because it's - well - just plain good fun.
Step 5. Fill in the pumpkin with thinned orange.
Fourth, Sutton has private reasons for what he and his task force are doing. He sees it as a way to gain heightened prestige for himself, advance his own career, and eventually secure for himself the top position in the ACNA hierarchy—the office of Archbishop and Primate of the ACNA.
I figured I'd start adding a few tutorial type posts to this blog, haven't really paid it much attention of late.
This is how the troops could "adjust the relevant urban space to our needs," he explains, and not the other way around.
Here is the good news - I feel better already. Better enough to walk up to the 3rd floor of our apartment to my office this morning and sit upright and type for a few hours. I'm not ready for a Zoomba class, shit I'm not even allowed to drive a car yet, but there are no more cramps, no more bleeding, no more worries about OD-ing on Tylenol.
The Bird Saviors is a fascinating low-key character driven thriller starring a young woman who decides to take a chance on living instead of dying a slow domestic death. The storyline starts slow as the world around Pueblo and the key cast are established during a difficult recession. Once done, chaos theory takes effect as one thing leads to another in a world that seems to have gone mad. Readers will enjoy Ruby’s impact as she becomes a bird savior while searching for a good happy life for her and her baby.
1/2 tsp salt.
which God prepared beforehand that we should walk in them. (Eph. 2:8-10).
For this uprising to continue in an effective manner, organisation is needed. Random looting is not going to overcome police injustice. But until then, the language of the unheard will continue to be spoken.
Tiana: The most notable character trait for Tiana is her determination. She’s a hard way and doesn’t let anything. Now sometimes this actually becomes her biggest flaw, but in the end she finds balance and with it a happily ever after.
I was reminded by 'he who doesn't seem to hear a word I say' that May is also the name given to hawthorn flowers and, despite the rhyme already quoted, there is a simple saying, ‘Never cast a clout until May is out’--May in this sense meaning not the month but the flowers. And that got me to thinking about white flowers.
How to make Bhutte Ke hare Kabab
2010.07.31 Iraq Yusufiya 4 11 Four rescue workers are lured to the scene of an earlier bombing and then blasted in a second attack.
3/4 cup heavy whipping cream
He’s also a psycho and kind of a dick to the people he works with, but whatever, he’s really not interesting. Not that any of the other characters are either, but whatever.
this is definitely more of an outfit i'd expect of lily ;)
Tabata Squat
Mommy: "I know. That's why I said I was sorry."
I feel the need to post my bloggity, DIY psychoanalytical ramblings but life is getting in my way. In Thought Garden, I started getting into my angst. There's more of that coming but I find myself overwhelmed with details. I promise (damn, that's hard... that means I have to do it) to post something mind-numblingly boring and pertinent only to me within the week.
I just don't seem to be able to get my feet under me. Oh, I go and do a bit hoping that seed of effort will bloom into more than idiocy. Somehow, before almost any time, I find myself right back here, writing words, reading what I can, and laughing and cringing at a world gone mad. I'm not really addicted to the net, I'm simply not able to keep my focus on anything. Sure, that could be a sign of addiction, if you believe in pop, and some real, psychology. Going without the net, games, or such just leads to more sleep. I would at least like to be conscious more than not. So, here I sit. Refusing to sleep until... later.
It's no secret ad agencies like bright, shiny objects. Especially when they happen to arrive in the form of advertising awards.
The belief that freedom of expression is the fundamental requirement of an open society is based on the idea that grievances like those which animate racist and xenophobic political groups throughout Europe are better aired in the context of civilized debate rather than allowed to fester in private societies.
The winner of the WHIMSIE DOODLES sponsor prize is...
Thanks to the ‘castrating’ of marriage by the widespread use of contraception, most people, and even many Catholics, appear to think that its primary purpose is not the procreation and education of children, but rather the celebration of romantic love between two people. Until recently, most people still knew there must be some reason why a sexual relationship between a man and a woman was different to other human sexual relationships. Sadly, though, such is the society that we live in – in which children often take second place to rather self-indulgent adult romances – that it appears many people in the West now assume that the only purpose of marriage is for the “good of the spouses” (regardless of their gender).
There’s always a small attention pocket in my brain though – I’ll often stop what I’m doing and view the world through 9-year-old eyes. Or I’ll lie in bed in the mornings “working’ – although it would appear that I’m just gazing into space and snoozing. It’s amazing what exciting ideas surface through the haze of a snooze!
This is music from an era when guitars were sex and, in the Seventies, no guitar was sexier than that of Mick Ronson.
Absolutely nothing.
I've read two out of the four launch titles and think they've made some really good choices.
If you make your own please let me know how they turn out!
"Afternoon, Johnny!" said the preacher. "I see you have the staff of life in one hand; what do you have in the other?"
“HIS BAD.”
Friday is payday so...Pizza! :)
Did he ever tell me how much my chicken was? Did I PAY for that?? (At this point, I'm still not sure. I'm hoping it will come to me tomorrow which, of course, I'm certain will entail a trip into Tupelo to go pay for chicken I was too tired to eat taking time I really don't have to take. Sigh...)
Eighty-six HIPAA complaints should be filed. Doesn’t matter if this was information from a dentist or podiatrist office. It should have all been shredded before it hit a wastebasket. A trash worker could have picked that stuff out and used that one lady’s information from the photocopy of her driver license FGS.
I love that Thanksgiving symbolizes being together with those you love sharing the bountiful harvest of the summer and fall crops. What better way to decorate your mantle, counter, or table, than with a collection of words describing Thanksgiving? (And seriously--the plate was less than $5 at Walmart and the vinyl took less than 5 minutes to apply--can you beat that?!)
Today's You Search, I Answer came in the form of an email from Missey. She states:
Card Stock: Core'dinations
Analyising carefully the individual factors that make up the social situation in Bungwahl I have come up with a key assertion. Bungwahl needs a hero. Bungwahl need a revolutionary figurehead, a charismatic, emblematic, symptomatic and democratic embodiement of the core Bungwahlian values of Equality, Truth, Laziness and Incest (although the last two often fit together quite well).
Rambling around this weekend, collecting random beauty, and a few interesting somethings to show you...
It’s hard to believe that it has been that long since I held her in my arms, completely in awe of her tiny-ness. And even more in awe of the fact that I had a daughter! A “psychic” had told her father that I was carrying a boy. I didn’t have a strong feeling one way or another as I had with my son, so when the doctor said, “It’s a girl!” I was glad I was in bed or I would have passed out!
Each and every spell suitably strange and full of Wampus Country.
The pure-hearted one, having clarity of vision,
While House is assisting 13, the patient the team is working on goes berserk. He jumps from his bed and stabs Doctor Adams in the throat and she crumples to the floor. Doctor Chase attempts to subdue the patient and gets his throat cut and is spewing blood. He then unceremoniously throws Doctor Chi Park out the picture window. Doctor Foreman rushes in with a security team and moves toward Chase to tend his wounds. The crazed patient charges the guards and a security officer pulls his gun in panic and fires. His aim was not true. Foreman is hit and lies on the ground dying. Moments later, the patient is subdued but Adams, Chase, Foreman, and Park lay dead on the hospital floor.
Though someone will need to get up there and wind the bugger; I took these at half-ten.
16. Be a better blogger.
What sort of muse should inspire
I think children aged seven to eleven or twelve or so ARE at a golden age - I love doing talks to them, they are so enthusiastic and receptive and just generally fun - and I agree with Amanda and Lyn that there has been more than one Golden Age of books written for them. But listen for yourselves!
And she almost put her foot down right there, because she's already had more than enough of this Lewis Carroll shit, but the trees don't seem concerned with that. Possibly because they don't know who Lewis Carroll is. They don't seem very well-read, in any case, because they murmur the same words, over and over and over until it echoes in the thrum of her heart.
Next I want to share with you some of the layouts I have been creating lately. This first one is using some Brand New GCD Studios papers that came all the way from CHA. I have a lot of fun creating this layout, there is so much depth to it.
Fast Triggering Speed Up to 12 frames per second.
Inside the house isn't nearly as lovely as outside; its all clutter & cleaning projects that make me wince ... like my carpet needs a serious cleaning. Ah, the joy of owning three large dogs & living out in the country without the blessing that would be hard wood floors. There is too much to do to prepare for the holiday & I haven't got enough hands to juggle it all.
I doubt I would be alive now.
Nip = to leave, to go out. Example: I will nip to the shop before I go home.
So I’m still in the game, waiting on new approval on some new scam to get Bulletholes $80,000 and in the meantime I am safe and happy living with my friend Angel Eyes, and we have cable, a couch, a stove and a pool, and I get up in the morning and the coffee is made and the birds are chirping and there is money in the bank baby, the money just keeps rolling in, and I get out of the shower I start singing because that’s what like to do in the morning….
This part takes a little while. I suggest using Blue Painters Tape. It sticks fairly well, and paint doesn’t bleed through. (I ended up using old masking tape, which was tough to work with and preferred to stick to my fingers instead of the canvas.)
Not all which has been done has been with malevolent intent, I rather placed my credibility on the line by linking the contraceptive pill to genocide in an earlier part of this essay, and I know that, on at least one of the other sites where my earlier articles have been republished, some people who have not done what I asked, and viewed these things in context, have mocked me for it. I do not necessarily believe that, in isolation, the pill was developed or legalised with the deliberate intention of damaging the native European race. However, I submit that it has done so, and as I stated previously, its introduction on the scene coincided with other factors which in combination have been unremittingly negative.
Nanay and Tatay had sold newspapers and empty bottles to junk shops. Nanay had cleaned comfort rooms for a living while Tatay drove a tricycle. That’s how hard their life was. But they stuck it out together and raised five children who now take turns looking after them.
You can and should participate in that public debate by interviewing and informing candidates, by speaking out and writing letters to the editor and articles for local newspapers, newsletters and blogs, by talking to friends, relatives, fellow workers and members of your church, synagogue or social service organization, and, by voting for candidates who most closely mirror your values, concerns and positions on key issues.
The Out Crowd Blues is the debut EP from Florida’s Vices in which is being released through our friends at Melotov Records. Featuring 5 songs of melodic, passionate and blues influenced hardcore, Vices bring something that I haven’t heard in a while to the table with song structures that are memorable and catchy and as stated before the blues riffs are a cool addition to each song. Think Sabertooth Zombie meets All Teeth, Last Nights and Mountain Man but I still don’t think that gives the sound enough clarification, it’s something you would have to hear for yourself. If you’re into passionate, melodic, fast, angry and riffy hardcore then I would highly recommend this. -Brett
If you are intersted you have a couple of options:
Readings: Acts 8: 26-40 and John 15:1-8
suddenly we decided to commit to each other & the feeling - LOVE doesn't required any reason ~
1 undescribed
We let shame get in the way of our self worth. We think less of ourselves. And then this feeling unworthy affects our relationships. Our parents, siblings, friends, lovers– they don’t understand why we think so little of ourselves. They don’t understand why we can’t look them in the eye. Why we can’t seem to feel loved. We take our feelings and put them onto God– but not in that, “give it to God” kind of way. Instead of handing them over, dropping them at His feet, we pile them up as high as we can– all our issues, our shame– and we let it form a wall between us. We build it as high as necessary so we can’t look in His eyes. We hope He can’t see ours, either.
When my biological Ascension Process started in February 1999, my body reacted to the 1999 (and later) solar energies with those lovely “Ascension Flu” symptoms; body and bone aches, chills, headache, and the occasional sudden stabbing ice pick-like pains in certain bones for a couple of seconds that literally took your breath away. From the mid-1990s on I’ve been periodically incapacitated by solar energies (solar flares, CMEs etc.) and was forced to rest and/or nap if I could while I had chills, severe body and bone aches and pains, and numerous other ascension symptoms. Over the years these solar triggered ascension symptoms have lessened and become more easily dealt with, not because the energies being transmitted have lessened since 1999 because they’ve steadily increased, but it’s the way they affect our bodies and why that’s changed.
Do you adore the green grass, with its terror beneath?
It is with a heavy heart and unequivocal tone that I say 2012 has been an absolutely wretched year for me.
But what about closer to home, what about so called racial intolerance, freedom of speech, overzealous policing, black gangs, raping of white women, mass immigration, free housing for ethnics at the expense of the indigenous population and so on?
Estimate delivery date by air-send before 27 March
Let's look at Pier 1. That store just kills me. First of all, we do not have the same selection as the U.S. stores, and secondly, I would never shop at the one in Canada because of the prices.
In order to “get back to it” I went into safe territory with this group of layouts to get things started. Every year (since Gwynie was in 2nd grade) I scrapbook the kids school photo along with their class photo. This is as simple as it gets because I try to keep it fairly consistent from year to year. Nothing fancy or spectacular. I also have them write their favorite things during that year. It is so fun to see some things stay the same, but to see changes and especially in their handwriting!
Recent product updates by Apple among others have brought the possibility of the phone becoming part of, if not the centre of, your home media system. While it’s been possible for years to integrate a phone into your audio or video setup, the new Airplay feature takes this one step further by wirelessly streaming media content from your phone to a device such as the new Apple TV or other compatible device connected to your sound system or HD TV.
There’s so much to do, but I feel good about the progress we’ve made considering the fact that we’re working so much while trying to pack and clean and move. I feel much better after a red bull after my nap. I’m hoping tonight goes by quickly. I miss my big girl who’s turning ONE!!! next week. I can’t believe that either. She’s growing so fast and getting even more beautiful and smarter every day.
My goal for this race=1 hr 29 min 34 sec, a pace of 6:50 min/mi! Yesterday I logged my longest run so far, a 6 mile run @ a pace of 6:58 min/mi. While this is 8 seconds off of my goal pace, I'm not worried. Here's why:
50. English name for Tao is Edison Huang. Perhaps he chose the ‘Edison’ because his idol is Edison Chen.
I have had a really long past month, one of my closest friends over the years died for reasons that i will not go into in a public forum, but after the end of a long work week and mentaly preparing my self for his funeral tomorrow i decided to go on a beerster egg hunt. Thankfully i found Conflux at gomers south and a 2 year vintage bottle of Arcadia Ales -Cereal Killer. The latter is getting stashed into my file cabinet of goodies, but one of the two bottles of conflux is being enjoyed as we speak. And i am impressed and totally get the 2 colaborations now. Now i am even more excited to tour deschutes when i am in portland in early October.
Here are a few:
Huge thanks to everyone who entered!! I will have a new giveaway soon for a preorder of one of my favourite reads of the year so far, Invincible Summer by Hannah Moskowitz, in a week or so, if you didn't win this time, maybe you'll be lucky then!
Anthony Doerr, C. Max McGee, Elif Batuman, John Williams
Here's a peek at what you saw at the boutique/what you miss out on!
Add the remaining rhubarb to the saucepan and stir to combine. Immediately pour the compote out onto a large plate or baking dish to cool.
“Iron mining has the potential to bring thousands of jobs to Wisconsin, principally to Northern Wisconsin, whose economy has been particularly hard hit in recent years” Treasurer Schuller said. “The regulatory changes proposed in AB 426 would maintain reasonable environmental safeguards that are specifically tailored to deal with the type of mining the region is able to support. We owe it to the people of Wisconsin to pass this bill.”
Or can you?
Petitioned thus, Parik<U+1E63>it gave Kali: places of gambling and contest, places of drinking, places of sexual promiscuity, and slaughterhouses.
Tony Peters, and fellow artists were chosen to show out of 310 candidates, with the winning artists given the opportunity to show in the opening of the spacious art gallery of Jones. The dates for this show are March 22, 2012 through April 30, 2012 with an artist’s reception held on April 19, 2012 at 5:00 PM – 10:00 PM. There will be live music, wine and h'orderves. All are
Ahh, Mr. Fix-It, this man is pretty freaking incredible, y'all.
I hold my finger up to my lips, as if to say, “Quiet!” and glance sideways towards our guides to warn him they are there. Then he is lost in the stuffed carriage.
Many commenters from the UK expressed relief that a French jurist would uphold national standards, wishing that British judges would act in similar ways.
Make it a great day everyone!
Publisher: Delacorte Books for Young Readers
2. Staying steady... not getting too up or down. Getting lots of sleep helps with this. We joked today on the ride about the TdF riders getting 70 hrs of sleep per week...and yep, makes sense. If I feel rested I can better weather the stress and unexpected demands that I know are just a part of life. They are gonna happen. I also feel less hungry when I get lots of sleep.
You can't just build a network overnight, and trying to do so will just turn a lot of people off to you. Don't try to be so uber professional that you seem stiff and not like a normal person (unless that's "your thing," which is cool I guess but I probably just won't follow you). And don't try to get others to promote you by just asking everyone individually to promote you. What have you ever done for them? And why should they? Or you could be one of those people who just goes around following others so they'll follow you back (and then unfollowing them later so it looks like you have waaaay more followers than people who you follow. That makes you cool, dontcha know?) That's not only dumb, but it's also rude and it defeats the whole purpose of social networking, which I will go over below.
Afterwards, Gibbs is described cutting off one of the man’s little fingers and removing a tooth.
Jenny and I talked it over, and we decided to let her stay home from school today. Something was wrong, and we couldn't send her to school like this without knowing what it was. Katie asked me again if I could stay home too, and I told her I couldn't, and that I had to go to work. I asked her why she wanted me to stay with her and she said she didn't know, she just wanted me to be there. I reassured her that Jenny would be there with her, and that we could talk when I got home.
And sleep peacefully in your caring embrace.
Wall Drug Store in on I-90 in Wall, South Dakota has become a famous stop for tourists. You'll see their entertaining roadside signs for miles in every direction. In addition to gobs of parking space (including a sign requesting aircraft to park at the airport), Wall Drug offers food, western gear and lots of gifts and souvenirs. It's still a drug store, too.
Left: 13th century English motif in shades of purple
F1 rear suspension.
21. What aren’t you wearing? tiara
into fog over the lake.
Thanks to all who participated in the 3K giveaway AND my thesis research. If you missed out on the call for input, check out the previous blog post.
I hope you like this card.You can put in several sayings in the bottle which makes this set fun!
Throwing sister's favorite doll out the upstairs bedroom window...mostly because sister really, really thought the doll was alive. Well, until it got thrown out the window.
Over the past days, and not least because of the input of the LaRouche movement, the call for an anti-ESM referendum, and for injunction initiatives in the Constitutional Court, have gained ground in the broad, but also somewhat heterogeneous anti-ESM movement in Germany.
Maybe that is why he puts his unqualified wife’s name as Director of the company?
We started out with good intentions....re-pinned the Twisted Drunkard's Path, which we renamed 'Broken Records' this afternoon at lunchtime.
3 litres Water (approx.)
67) My parents both worked full time, and mom had to return to work 6 weeks after I was born, so my Great-Aunt took care of me. I was with her for about twelve hours a day, and she was wonderful. I used to feel guilty because I loved her more than my mom, and when I was a kid, I thought I might go to Hell because I loved her more than my mom. Auntie died a few years ago, and I still miss her terribly.
If lofty glances from lofty people
For non British people who may be wondering what a "cream tea" is...... a cream tea is a pot of tea accompanied by two large fresh scones, a dish of jam and a dish full of clotted cream!! You cut each scone in half and plaster each side with jam and clotted cream!! It's an age old tradition in Devon and Cornwall ~ you have to do it! It was yummy! While there I photographed some old signs that were on display in the garden:
It's all Sandra's fault. She's currently doing posts about her family history and recently did a rather impressive one about an Easter outing, complete with bonnets, in Warley (Halifax) about 1910. The clothes fascinated me and it reminded me of this photo of my mum and grandma. The back of the picture says it dates from 1943 and I think it was taken in Bradford. (The family's home city.)
I don’t begrudge the Americans having the reputation for the finest imperial stouts nowadays, but I have always found it very weird that so little was brewed in the country where it was invented.
Record Label: Prestige (Original), Beat Goes Public (Reissue)
We give gifts throughout the year, whether or not there is a specific occasion. Our generosity is often by choice but we are also spurred by cultural traditions and social obligations, and for reasons varying from affection to reciprocity to entirely self-serving motives. With each presentation, there is a message: Thinking of you. Thank you. I love you. I owe you. You owe me... The message, like the gift, is personal and yet, it can also project beyond its giver and receiver, and signal outwardly to others an image of the lives of and relationship between the main participants. This is not lost on marketers and advertisers, who fill airwaves and glossy pages with ad campaigns depicting rapturously happy people exchanging luxurious presents, in hopes that viewers might be persuaded to emulate them through their purchases. At the very least, they have succeeded in convincing many people (myself included) that the highest value gifts can only be found in the marketplace.
I know some of those folks. In fact, I love some of those people.
If mercy's in business I wish it for you
In addition, if you have all 8 like me, you’ll get a cool effect!
Good news was also in store for asking prices, which compared to the previous month of March, increased 0.5 percent in April on a seasonally adjusted basis, according to Trulia, which also noted that asking prices lead sales prices by approximately two or more months.
Thriftin' on a Thursday @ Savvy City Farmer
If you are living solely for yourself- than your life is considered a waste.
Our personal psychology is how our karmic patterns show up in this lifetime. A general Buddhist or Hindu perspective on karma suggests that the individual soul moves through consciousness lifetime after lifetime, incarnating again and again in the school of life in order to complete various tasks and lessons, and to release contractions of consciousness.
by Fiona Robyn
If your mum’s not available, why not do some research amongst your customers and stakeholders, even end user consumers? As I said earlier, in my experience, the man on the Clapham omnibus has an unerring ability to spot cant, inconsistency and blandness. What is more, just as ordinary consumers are becoming increasingly au fait with marketing concepts and terminology, they are also becoming very familiar with corporate mission statements. A large part of the population now works in organisations that trumpet their mission statements, whether they’re employed in the private or the public sector. So they know all about corporate gibberish and how it feels to be encumbered by a nonsense mission statement. When I have worked with consumers on developing mission statements I have found them invaluable in helping clarify the thinking, identifying what’s really important and finding distinctive ways of expressing it.
Williams and Jackson pleaded guilty in the other sexual assault case and served shorter sentences for that. Jackson is still on parole for a robbery committed in 1970. He said he hoped to start a business.
I just had a cup and now I'm bright eyed and bushy tailed. I had to have some coffee because I was somewhat discombobulated by the unofficial nap that I took on top of the duvet but under the red fleece blanket in the company of the dog. Since it is a cold day, I had also turned on the heater so the apartment was nice and warm and consequently my nap lasted longer than I had intended.
3M
7:50am – Imagine my surprise when I entered the building at the address and did not find the PT’s office. I found a gym. What aggressive PT therapy at this place, I thought. I asked the person at the desk if I was in the right place. No, of course not. She kindly directed me to the new location, where the PT practice had moved a year ago.
Not only can you not marry just anyone, you can’t marry everyone either, though some of us have tried harder than others. Believe me, I have been incredibly open-hearted in my choices of life-mates. It’s time to get smarter. So, while it may seem cruel, if one is selecting a mate, it’s entirely understandable, even necessary to be very selective.
If we have problems with garbage dumped in parks now, once these bins are in play, that will steadily worsen.
It's a funny thing. Just yesterday, mother's day (which I still hate), I was missing Sophia and wondering at how I have taken to avoiding grief and even this blog. I've meant to write often but always found a reason not to. The reason has largely been that I've wanted to avoid being sucked back into the awful world of grief and loss. I've wanted to deny my membership of this club of angel mommies. Not that I've wanted to deny Sophia - never. But I've wanted to avoid the raw pain of this world.
Second, it is quite easy to definitively show that this whole Power Balance scheme is just a big, fat scam. Just take a look at how skeptic Richard Saunders and his crew at the SkepticZone demonstrate how the scam works…
- Success List: If you’ve read my previous posts you’ll know I believe we should all have a list of our own personal success definitions. Mine are wellbeing, balance, courage, contentment, confidence, peace, love and joy. I started by keeping them in my affirmations book and would read over them every chance I got. Now they are memorised so whenever I have a quiet moment I recite them – its wonderful, no-one else will know, but in that moment you’re manifesting the life you desire!
Today should be her birthday. I wish I could call her and tell het Happy Birthday and tell her how much I love her. Even though she is not here I am going to celebrate her life anyway and I’m going to focus on how much her life meant to me and how much better my life is now because she was once a part of it.
Up next I went with the Pho-Tay, their buckwheat O-Tay aged in the phunk barrel.
I would say the main lessons that came from the books, was to believe in NOTHING and to be always true to one’s authentic self. To have no beliefs at all. I know that this statement may ruffle a few feathers. Here is why this teaching/lesson is so important to think about; when you have a strong belief about something or many things (it could be about anything) you become a full vessel, too full of pre-conceived ideas to learn anything new or different. Beliefs can become so engrained in one’s self that there is no room for anything else. A strong belief can be very hard to shift, especially when the ego begins to fight another idea that wants to replace that belief. We have an emotional attachment to beliefs, we become very defensive when our beliefs are challenged. The defensiveness is ego based. Especially if those beliefs have been there for a long time. The ego does not want to learn anything new, it wants to exist and stay in one place. The ego will fight tooth and nail trying to convince you of why and how that belief is there and how it should continue to stay. But what if you were to hear or learn about something that challenged your belief so much that you began to question your beliefs altogether? Can you see how the ego would create a huge drama and story about your beliefs on nearly everything? And so there is a constant tug of war and fight going on inside you. When you are a FULL vessel, you are full of ideas, concepts, opinions and beliefs. There is no room for anything else. When you are an EMPTY vessel, you have no strong beliefs and there is no emotional attachment to ideas and concepts. There is room for an infinate amount of learning and this is how the perfect spiritual student functions, with an open and empty mind.
I think this chapter is when Creme starts to act a little nicer, due to her social faux pas.
I'll share more of The City with you later.
Then type
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 12:54 AM 1 comments
7. Babe I'm Gonna Leave You
Ohh I just woke up up from such a fun dream where Stasha,Farrah,Allison,Bridget,and Shoes were all hanging out with me. We were laughing and having fun. It was like being one of the cool kids in highschool. … finally. Then I woke up and realized in a way I do get to hang out with all these amazing people because it’s Monday! Which means I’m back and ready to get back to Monday Listicles.
“No!” I said.
Let those (believers) who sell the life of this world for the Hereafter, fight in the Cause of Allah; and whoso fights in the Cause of Allah and is killed orgets victory, We shall bestow on him a great reward. (V.4:74).
‘I think so, yes,’ Petro said.
Mark was 47. I saw him around AA some over the past year or so; he was trying to stay off the booze; yet it had a profound grip on him and made his last months a terrible hell for both him and his parents who could do nothing to save him. I heard the news at work yesterday from my mother and went right over to their house; they were ashen yet subdued, having said for many months now that they didn’t expect him to live much longer.
I don’t know how many will enter the competition. I know it will push almost all of them completely out of their comfort zone, but I feel the experience of doing it will be all the more rewarding because of that.
MAY GOD GRANT ME: the power to accept that I am not God and I can not solve all my problems myself. I am powerless.
21. Temazepam is a savoury substance used to improve most Scottish fruitcakes.
My favourite part was when Philppa flipped out and Angus tried to carry on the show over her rant. He kept running around and speaking all of the lines for her and Wayne as the latter looked on helplessly. Either that or when he was playing chess with himself... imagining that there was another 'him' on the other side of the table. But only because I do that sometimes.
I started cooking some cornbread in a metal football shaped pan, and while the cornbread was cooking I remember several dream scenes.
Let me start off by saying, a mere 5 months ago, a trip to our new mailbox meant bundling up and running out to it as fast as I could so that I could get back in the house, and out of the cold.
The big blue thing on the left is the stamp, sorry for the shadows, it was super sunny this day!
Many of the boats aren't in the water yet, but enough were.
I also attended an Art Forum on Tuesday which discussed Financial Growth in the Arts. The panel shared how they receive an income and work as artists or in the arts field. Some did not want to explore working a side job and may have felt like it would be a compromise. In making that decision, they either had to make sacrifices when it came to enjoying certain pleasures of life or created a life around their artwork which paid for living expenses and other ventures. Other artists structure their lives by working for a company, building a family and creating art. I want to find that balance. Live comfortably, but still create. I think I can do this with a solid plan.
The sentiment was stamped on the banner and I embellished the epoxy glitter circle stickers on the some of the circle layers to finish off.
For others it is like a handicap. A cruel joke of fate to be ironed out with every tool at their disposal. GHD, hair irons, gels, styling crèmes. Every hint of a curl, whispers of it must be eradicated. Ever notice though, how when their hair gets wet it’s still curly???
"She's going to New York."
One of our major pivot points happened soon after we had won the competition and we acquired a new contract with a school. Most of the previous inventory that we purchased had been ‘used’, and we were able to buy at a very discounted price. But for this new school and for growing at the rate we planned to, we knew that we had to get financing and restructure our procurement and growth processes a little bit. We needed the ability to purchase more expensive new units. Again, being part of Cupid’s Cup was very influential with this because of their partnership with BB&T. Through these connections, we were able to acquire a loan at a very low rate, and now have a solid business plan and financial model in place for any new school we happen to form an agreement with.
Over the past couple years, I made a conscious effort to not answer emails right away. More recently, I have taken the more drastic step of completely shutting down email for an hour or two each day, allowing me to focus on the project in front of me. Sometimes I do this a couple times a day, and I have found that my productivity has increased dramatically, my work quality has improved, I am less stressed about the in-box to-do list, and not one person has complained about me responding to an email in a few hours rather than a few minutes.
to live at home. That helped me get to the emotional core of Joy’s story, her breaking point.
We found quite a few missing items today, the photo above shows just what came out of one register!
song: Hoppípolla
Would I recommend it?!? It was -fun-different-a neat baking experience for Hannah. She can't wait to make a new cupcake and use the filling insert next time. It wasn't difficult to put together -put the icing on...and fun for decorating. So, even though the baking time was a little much--if you've been thinking about adding it to your "fun" or "creative" baking supplies---I think you'll be happy.
4. Edward Scissorhands Introduction (Titles) - Danny Elfman
Arthur Conan Doyle:
My initial reaction was to wonder at the absurdity of offering three options. Nothing seems to be said about the proportion of votes required for any single option to be deemed the winner. Will it be more than one third or more than half? If the former it will lack legitimacy, if the latter it will set a very high hurdle for each option. 40% for staying in, 30% for withdrawal and 30% for renegotiation could be contrued as 70% for staying in but trying to change the unchangeable or as 60% for changing the status quo without any obligation on government to do anything about it. Either way it is completely unsatisfactory.
All I really know about my doctor is that he REALLY likes working out. And he seems not to be a serial killer, so I can safely assume that he likes kittens and rainbows and unicorns and mini Godzilla.
Red Velvet Variegated
Woodward
Despite the raw material, Diterzi’s creation is no po-faced litany, but instead a vital body of music and lyrics that engage with the subject as though its ebb and flow was positive, uplifting even. She had been approached by Argentinean stage director Marcial Di Fonzo Bo with the idea of a show based around Luxemburg after he had seen her on stage. He’d been impressed with her full-on approach and, equally, she has engaged head on with his idea, creating ‘Rosa La Rouge’.
I love biscuits, they are a treat, even the healthier ones – they are still treats. Little bite-sized ones that won’t blow your diet if you have a couple. I have a friend and she says “I’m a girl for a biscuit” and I think I might be too. I’ve recently been trying my hand at iced biscuits and they are such a fun way to spend a bit of time in the kitchen. There are a couple of pages of ideas in the book to get anyone who hasn’t done this before started.
B-Side "Real Fantasy" is just an electric piano and a single direct voice... still playing with a lot of fun weirdo sounds, coming up with a bassline out of a stuttery low end thump, and looser than the flipside with the vocal messing with a nasaly soul sound. All chopped up and going for a big multilayerd chorus again. These electronics in whatever way they're reassembled sounds completely contemporary, like a rewinding tape recorder in the late '90s. It's gigantically playing with DJ tools and dance culture in an experimental-pop way with a sped up thin acoustic. There isn't a single sound that hasn't been processed into oblivion for the sake of surprising fun. Playing with those clear precise points as much as the broad swaths of hiss, because Dan's not keeping it completely sterile. Like the next one, "Gave Away and Broke" where a hyper rhythm becomes a larger reference point, like a crazy experiment to take an impossible BPM and build anything useable around it. Impenetrably dense, an inconceivable number of hours spent on reverse organs, wah guitar, late night pulg switchery, while staying restrained on vocal it's a headspinning whirl of that mixup ride, the one that keeps spinning faster and you try not to barf holding onto that metal ring in the center.
Part way through the show someone from the audience jumps up and throws something at the stage before storming off. There's a pause in the action, a technician sweeps something from the floor and the show resumes. As a counterpoint it's very strong and has me thinking along some parallels during the next scene. I'm sure its designed that way, and very effective.
And like with any film, it had its heartaches and uphill battles. But, what survives is the final product. And I think the final product is a really fun film that’s cleverly shot. It had a pretty successful festival run and was a milestone in my career. Check it out below!
robot appears to be barely functioning -- much like Duke, and
I can always give them more support as we work together but I can never take back the information I have handed them. If I give them the information first they have no possibility of getting their own their own.
Time to at last wrap up this award claiming process, and to pass along the wealth to five more deserving blogs.....
I would prefer not to have one in the back seat of my car.
One day, she said she had to leave. I don’t remember why. I think she had to go home to take care of her father. Some of my relatives speculated that she was going to get married. Before she left I made her a terracotta thing that spelled her name. I gave it to her even if it wasn’t dry. It looked like brown poop, but I wanted to give it to her. From then on, I didn’t talk to the maids anymore because I was afraid that I’ll get attached and they’ll leave.
…THERE IS A SLGT RISK OF SVR TSTMS CNTRL/NRN PLAINS SEWD INTO THE MID MS AND OH VALLEYS…
Life twitches my heart. "Live," she says; "I am here."
At home in Great Britain, “Wingate” and “Chindits” became household words. Churchill invited Wingate to visit him in England, and then he took Wingate and his wife to the allied strategy meetings known as the Quebec Conference. In Quebec, the most senior allied military leaders, the Allied Combined Chiefs of Staff, listened to Wingate with interest. Fortunately, Wingate dressed for the occasion, and the Allied leadership was favorably impressed with his ideas about special operations.
@Clarabel assured me (b) was the answer and, since she’d knit this pattern before, was more likely to be correct than me. After mulling it over for sometime I realised going with her logic (b), instead of my logic (a), meant that one repeat and the edging would take more yarn and thereby I would be less likely to run out of yarn. All credit to wanting to maximise yarn for Stashdown but nobody wants to run out during the cast-off!
Absolutely. Tell us more, Manish.
Elsa
Here a few ablum sleeves.
We were seated in a booth on one side of the dining room. The large bar was a focal point in the center of the room, with seating around the perimeter. Each booth had small pillows, so that one could adjust the distance from the table and have a comfortable back rest.
Officers today released a shocking picture of the bruised victim in a hospital bed with two black eyes after the attack.
To add to the confusion, L tells me he's seen the insurance company owner mentioned in the radio statement and that he's still free and walking around. No one knows what to believe or who to trust. Maurice himself is the one certainty. He could explain what's happening, given the chance. L also tells me that people in St Paul's are ready to take up arms to defend Maurice.
Amy Beth Marantino and Avril!!
Whip: 1 cup/160 gramme Sugar and 2 eggs to consistency
If you’re just getting down with us, you may want to know how it all began.
Doves are paralleled to bandits, because doves are dirty and cannot even build nests.
When Dear Hubby called me from the airport this morning once he'd gotten thru security he said, "I hear you had a tornado warning last nite!" Say what?! That was the first I'd heard of that! I do remember waking up sometime in the nite, hearing thunder and the rain pelting the roof, but I've grown to love the sound of it after living here for a year now. It doesn't frighten me...it lulls me to sleep. Deep sleep, obviously. Dear Hubby said "Didn't you watch the weather last nite?" I told him whenever he's gone for any length of time I don't watch TV at all unless I decide to watch something I have taped on the DVR. When I slid the drapes shut last nite around 8 pm it was dusky and looked normal to me. Well, people here tell us Michigan weather can change in a minute and I guess they're right. You know, I thought I heard an alarm go off last nite but I thought it was on a car. Maybe it was the tornado warning? I don't know. When I picked up our drapes at the dry cleaner's this morning the woman who helped me asked me if we'd had any damage from the wind last nite at our house. I must have been unconscious. I didn't even hear it.
Operations Updates 17
Just take the hand that’s offered
And he is strong….I am talking baby hulk strong! He has a basket of toys in the living room that he will grab and dump ON him. He feeds himself his bottle and good luck trying to take the bottle away before he is done. You have to fight him to take it from him. It is crazy just how strapping he is, you don’t think a baby should be able to be stronger than you!!
This issue is but one of many which go to the heart of the credibility of the man holding to most powerful job on the planet, yet who's background has been subjected to such limited scrutiny. Even if, as the latest excuse suggests, the original birth certificate was shredded in 2001 (coincidentally at the same time that the Enron shredders were doing over-time) that does not explain why the American president, who makes such an issue of his commitment to openness is so reluctant to be open about his own history.
First off, getting a good deal is subjective. Is it worth saving $500-1000 on a vehicle to have your paperwork messed up, poor customer service, promises unfulfilled, and a generally terrible experience? Or is getting a stellar customer experience worth the extra money, not to mention the time savings?
This lady is taking the day off to enjoy some shopping and lunch in the city.
I was quite shocked by this narration.
Unfortunately, the article left many unanswered questions. How did MacBain make the transition from conservative Southern Baptist to mainline United Methodist? What kind of minister she is in the United Methodist church (this is important because it would reveal how much formal training she does or does not have)? Why did she not utilize any of the resources available to United Methodist Ministers (counseling, mentoring, spiritual direction, etc…)?
See, I know there is really Santa!
under the pines in my mind…
I am also writing children’s books that inspire, awaken and delight. I feel that a strong part of my life mission involves breaking down and simplifying information (this applies both to my knowledge of spiritual topics as well as English Language) for children and adults, whether that be through teaching, writing or other forms of communication.
So lately there have been a lot of posts about blogging fatigue, twitter promotion overload (here and here), and the state of blogging in general. Also, many bloggers seem to have hit the overwhelmed point and are either thinking of stopping altogether or doing some major readjusting. And as I read through these posts, I often found myself nodding my head because I share many of the sentiments.
After some thinking and staring at the wall I knew exactly what I wanted to do!
I shall keep you updated.
What’s your gingerbread man eating style? Me? I snap the head off first and then eat the left leg. Can I interpret that to mean I am an achievement oriented natural leader with a sensitive side?
Make a list of other retail outlet possibilities - gift shops, coffee shops, specialty stores, museums, etc. Get creative!
Hickory Chair is my go-to furniture source. They have some of the best upholstery pieces around and their case goods are to die for! I love them because almost everything is customizable, to the length of a sofa to the finish on a table, all the way to the hardware I want to add to a chest. They also have some pretty big names creating furniture collections for them...Thomas O'Brien, Mariette Himes-Gomez, and Suzanne Kasler to name a few.
On gossamer wings
Well, we know there's now SPF 15 in it -- that's a plus. And the scent is the same (praise the beauty gods!). I love the smell of this tanner; it's beachy, tropical and coconutty, and it masks most of the DHA smell without interfering with it and creating some hellish, putrid hybrid.
I’m calling this batch “sunshine muffins,” and not just because they’re such a lovely golden brown. The flavor last week was lemon and sunflower seeds, and after trying one of these babies I can say that it did indeed brighten my day.
Nicely nestled in a corner shoplot in SS3, Petaling Jaya opposite a fenced up football field.
You will not understand the power and the beauty of your youth until they have faded. But trust me, in twenty years, you will look back at photos of yourself and recall in a way you cant grasp now how much possibility lay before you and how fabulous you really looked. You are not as fat as you imagine
“I don’t know. I like Radio Disney.”
Radio Free School:
So, it was 3 pm ON THE DAY of the Gala (doors were supposed to open at 6:45) and I still had nothing.
Scroll
And by the way, it takes 635 attempts to get 2 photos of yourself to be so similar that only the lipstick differs. I was trying to imitate the exact same smile with and without the lipstick. It took FOREVER!!! Apparently, I do not excel of photographing myself. #hotpeopleproblems
Our friends at Castor + Pollux, Brighton have just announced the first UK exhibition of American illustrator Charley Harper's outstanding work. To say we're excited is an understatement!
“I can’t just sit back and do nothing,” he told his mom. Two years later, Ryan followed his beloved older brother to the Army.
5:40AM.
But…why wouldn’t you learn the tools you need to give yourself the best chance you can? Why wouldn’t you learn how to communicate better or learn how to deal with conflict with your spouse or learn what the unique dynamics of a stepfamily are? Then you will be ready for success!
So that is how I approached this card.....basic cardstock folded simply, added some pretty background paper, a fun stamp set and simple colouring! Throw in some flower embellishments, pretty yarn and some bling - and voila!
Didjelirium is a sick individual, suffering from this lethal curse called ‘humanitis’. So death is mainly what the future holds for Didjelirium. Maybe in 200 years from now on, if there are still humans on Earth – I sincerely hope not, for the sake of the universe - someone will find my writings and/or hear my music and realize how prophetic it was. Or maybe not. And whatever will be fine. Meanwhile, I shall keep rocking my foolish boat, letting aboard all the other foolish dreamers I will meet on the way and telling my stories to whoever might be crazy enough to ask about them. Most of them are being gathered in this project called Original Fools, in collaboration with Damscray, from Orenburg, Russia, and I can’t but advise you to listen to it, simply because you won’t otherwise. If you need a genre to locate it on the music map, we do what we call ‘Spice Opera’. It’s a lot of fables about distant worlds and different beings that somehow, live and act exactly like earhtlings. It might interest you. But don’t feel sorry if you don’t, I’ll understand. I never expect anything from anyone, so I’m always happily surprised, no matter what. For the most important is not the destination nor any final goal, but the journey toward it and the people we meet on the way. So let the music play !
Filming these birds with their rapid, darting flight isn't too difficult (as long as it's just a broad view that you want), but photography is another matter - group shots aren't too tricky, but focusing on individuals is another matter, hence the blurriness, though it is possible to pick out the blue head and the white flashes on the underside of the tail.
That doesn’t happen here. The “steady pace” headline is at odds with the image of destruction. The story mentions that a house was burned down by firefighters to clear the site for the new town hall, but that’s pretty far to ask the reader to go to reconcile this unfortunate juxtaposition.
Stress Tips, that will help you change and improve the balance in your life:
Yes, they are extremely travel friendly. I haven’t tried this new shampoo before.
Madeline Enos – SLA Crew Leader
They find out that the reason Barley has been so reckless in London lately (including leaving behind "trails of weeping mistresses") is because he "inherited a romantic list" and hated publishing romantic literature. He claims it's a family tradition of writing "novels for the housemaid" that he's getting rather tired of, but that his family shareholders (i.e. his aunts) won't let him publish anything else. He didn't show up at the audio fair because they wouldn't let him go into the business of audio cassettes.
Tt Talus (scree/rock, not the bone)
– “Have you started yet?” Suzanne burst his bubble.
3 tablespoons mirin (or mirin substitute)
I drive past this area every week several times even though I live in another city.
I painted everything fist and then I put a thin coat of Mod Podge over it to act as a sealer (I didn't have any spray sealer on hand).
Federation of Cuban Women ; Pratec, Peru;
Then he asked me since it was Jesus birthday and then he got lots of presents when Mother's Day would be? I asked him why and he said "because I love you mommy and I want to make you hearts".
Get over there this weekend, yoga girl, and celebrate Earth Day with love and light.
The Maori have three words that kind of point to definition of BLISS. Maybe it's complicated in their language because BLISS is complicated.
Tomato - 1 medium or 2 small chopped
While I’ll always be a Jersey Fresh girl, I headed up to Connecticut last week to visit my friends Alex Gross and Zach Gross who have worked at Riverbank Farm for several years now. Alex (visit her fab food blog here!) graduated from Fairfield in 2009 and is now one of the managers on the farm and Zach is starting his senior year at Fairfield and has just gotten back from a semester abroad in Nicaragua and a summer internship in Mexico.. talk about power siblings! I joined them for a morning of tomato harvesting and had such a wonderful time learning the names of the different varieties and catching up with Alex and Zach. Riverbank is located in northwestern Connecticut and between three greenhouses and over 12 acres, they grow wonderful organic produce and flowers to sell wholesale and at market. I met some really wonderful people and got to spend some time chopping up tomatoes for sauce to be canned.. I looked like a hot mess after a few hours but was so glad to have been a part of the day.
I sense that You must be everywhere.
Here is Bea posing next to the dress I traded for. She hasn’t had a chance to wear the Christmas dress yet because although it’s a size 6, it probably fits more like a size 7 or 8.
Police then continued to pursue the rally-goers down several streets amid chaotic scenes which saw violence from both sides over the next four hours.
It's not that much has changed since then -- all the basics are more or less the same. It's more that I am COMPLETELY out of my element. Not to mention that I was totally unprepared for an ICU experience when I was planning on a surgery rotation. Which has led to quite the overwhelming week. Not to mention that I was completely unprepared for the hours I would be keeping on a regular basis.
Of lack
Thanks for looking at my blog today .
"Sure did", Says Christine. "Was walking down the path and I saw you go straight in!"
Naturally, when British Prime Minister David Cameron and French President Nicolas Sarkozy recently gave speeches or expressed their opposition to “multiculturalism”, it made news when it turned out they were appalled by the failure of this idiotic concept. Germany’s Chancellor, Angela Merkel, had already expressed that opinion.
So I hope this encourages you, inspires and motivates you for some changes in your own life.
Those bottles (pictured below) have been sold out for some time now.
Thus,one day and one night passed.The second day,expecting things would be fine then,we were disappointed and frustrated the whole day.Yes,the same.Some checked out earlier to find another hostel and losses were made in that way.Andy was a bit carried away and freaked out,but no one could help it.
As technology advances further, people are becoming entrenched in social media, video games, television and film. The millennial work force has to take etiquette lessons. There’s nations whose birth rates are dropping because contact through a social network is more familiar then physical.
Every wedding is unique and different.
Stay tuned as I talk more tomorrow about all of the coupons that are available to print on the Internet.
They're Ecco Waves. Objectively, of course, I recognize that they are not much to look at; sort of utilitarian and work-shoe-ish. However, I LOVE them.
I saw similar attitudes to my own in other people, and I disliked it, so I changed. This was really a big one. I heard people disrespecting the bride of Christ and I wanted with all my heart to defend her, but I knew I’d been guilty of the same thing, and so I ought to cease if I wanted to make a stand.
Sunday afternoon, my hubby helped me finish things up.
Aren't those wonderful? When I show this quilt in the show this summer, I'm listing her as the co-creator. She found energy in the quilt and let it be seen. I am totally blown away by the work she did.
I thank you for this day, and I pray for it to be a good day at work for Christi and for me. I pray for Christ’s “thing” this morning. Give her confidence and success, and let her know that you are right beside her at all times. I pray that she will be able to go through her day looking to you. I pray that Stephanie will feel better, as her throat has been bothering her some.
turns
If you would like a copy of either of these printables, just leave a comment on this post (be sure to include your email address!) and let me know which sheet you prefer. Also, leave me the name you want included in the header, or if you would prefer it left blank for you to fill in.
Around 18 months old, we started seeing his eyes starting to migrate inward. It took a long time to get him into the ONE pediatric opthamologist in Maine (where we had moved). We started patching (with dialating drops since he wouldn't keep the patch on) and he got his first pair of glasses! Those glasses had way more than 9 lives! Those poor things had to be repaired SO many times and the frames replaced from being mutilated by a 1 year old!
What therapies has your occupational therapist prescribed for your SPD? Do you know of anyone who suffers from this condition?
He'll hitch a ride with any guide, as long as
Whisk all the dressing ingredients in large bowl.
A headline to a Guardian article today giving the findings of the Commons culture, media and sport select committee declares:
Yesterday was much hotter than we have had in the past week. 97 degrees and muggy. When it is muggy and hot in my state, every business owner turns their AC down to 32 degrees. This is not fun for me. Anytime I go into a building I become a Popsicle. I literally freeze, so for me the hotter it is outside the more layers I put on in order to counteract the inside temps. It is easy for me to remove a top shirt or vest while in the car and pop it back on when I head into a store or business.
When told Mr Methane was planning a book, Howard said: “Keep me out of that book!”
And, oh! what beautiful years were there
Novels are not real life. They have plots – a lot of them do anyway – and tie things up neatly at the end. The characters express themselves succinctly, stay on topic and don’t go “er” and “um” all the time. Huge chunks of time when nothing interesting is happening just vanish. And behaviour gets simplified, streamlined: good people do good things and bad people do bad things. What makes a character stand out is where they surprise us.
Yesterday May was holding Xander after his feeding time, and she watched his heart rate drop from the normal levels of 145 or so down to under 100. The alarm went off and his heart rate continued to plummet, she said, to about 70. I think this is called brachycardia or bradycardia. May said she patted Xander on the back for a second and he kind of moved a little bit and his heart rate went right back up to normal. The nurse, Susan, said she thought it must have been that his neck was back a little too far as he was resting on May’s chest and perhaps his airway was constricted or something. So it
I’m not sure when I finally accepted that he wasn’t coming back. He’d been different lately. Distracted, moody, distant. We’d always had a great relationship, or so I thought at the time, and despite the big difference in our ages, we were still brothers, and he always sort of looked out for me. Mom was so depressed she barely left her bedroom for longer than it took to microwave up a cup of tea, spread some garlic and butter on a piece of overtoasted bread, then tuck another dog-eared romance novel under her arm and disappear from our lives again with the quiet click of the door pulled shut behind her.
The main building of Lund Hospital, built in 1968. It is both impressive and ugly.
Most of the historical romances I read (practically all, in fact) take place in England, so it was really interesting to read a story set in a more familiar place. I loved all the details. And being in 1899 I found it so fascinating to read about places in New York that still exist-Tiffany, Lord & Taylor, mansions on 5th Ave, etc. Penelope was such a dreadful bitch! I felt the only real indication we had that Elizabeth had some personality was that Will loved her, so she must have had a side to her that was a little more warm.
A police officer. A zookeeper. A fire fighter. An artist.
What's an unexpected purchase that you've made lately?
I could go on but quite frankly it just started getting rambling and disorganized to a greater degree. It almost reminded me of that last scene in Inherit the Wind where the prosecutor after losing the case start rambling in a plea just to be treated like he was important. Rick did not have the manners to exit as gracefully as the character in the play.
This was the curious little seaside town of Shoeburyness.
And I am not blogging.
“It’s really helpful in a lot of ways,” Loomis said. “A senior has the opportunity to get information from the city every day that is pertinent for that day.”
Sen. David Hoyle, a Democrat from Gaston County, says he heard similar arguments from government officials decades ago when city halls were eager to get in on the business of selling electricity. Several dozen North Carolina towns, including Wilson, joined to buy a share in utility-owned power plants, and now their residents pay some of the highest power bills in the state.
To analyze what motivates people to write about art, what controls what people write about art, and how and if it should change or stay the same.
Versa Fine Black
The middle aged man would rally..... ( as all parents must do, in the end..)
The moral of this story (?) is of course that the Dollar Store rules, expensive shoes lie and Jillian Michaels will yell at you but you can always mute her. Or something like that.
Cunning plan, I agree. But insofar reasonably sensible (Like anything so far made sense. – Ed.) as things go. Here is where it gets really scary though. I was working on a computer in college, a computer that had basically been on for several months with nothing significant happening to it whatsoever (Linux ftw!), but the moment I unloaded my computer (to check email etc. while the other computer was computing) and my phone (for no real reason) in front of it, and left it unmanned for about five minutes, it had hung. Massively, completely un-recoverably hung. And I blame my cellphone’s evil intentions. It saw an eventuality that it had not planned for, and it improvised. And it improvised really well.
That you understand these contradicting ways
Then all bets on your swiftly waning lungs
Ultimately, the bad things that happen to us by random chance belong to the texture of life. They aren’t a sign that you have been singled out or cursed. They don’t indicate that you have sinned or that God hates you. The fact that we react so drastically to accidents reveals something deeper, that the texture of normal life is a thin layer of security, beneath which deeper waters stir. We will discuss those deeper waters in the next post.
Confession 1:
I have learned that mistakes are meant to be learned from and NOT repeating… so the remaining years that I may be graced with will be full of less regrets as possible….
There are only a few followers of Christ among the Toroobe Fulani. Pray their faith will become firmly established on the truth of Scripture.
MORGANTOWN, WV – May 2, 2012 – (Motor Sports Newswire) – MX Sports Pro Racing and Alli Sports, a division of the NBC Sports, have announced that FMF Racing has partnered with the Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship, sanctioned by AMA Pro Racing, becoming the Official Exhaust of the 2012 season.
The first twenty minutes were a lesson in why soccer is, at all levels and ages, such challenging sport: despite some questionable calls by one of the refs, several opportunities were created by Diablo FC’s Team Thunder offense, only to have the tiny goal keeper for Arsenal repeatedly crush rising hopes. Midway through the first half, a fine shot by an Arsenal player put them ahead 1-0.
<U+2665> My March Birchbox came in the mail about a week ago, and it has more than exceeded my expectations! I’m hoping to get a post up about that over the weekend, so be sure and check back to see what I had in my box this month!
So let's figure that your random Thanksgiving flight on Wednesday will be 1) crammed full; and, if you are on a 757, home to 2 psychopaths and 4 sociopaths.
Rnd 5) ch1, 2hdc in same st, 1hdc in next 3sts, * 2hdc in next st, 1hdc in next 3sts, repeat from * around
Evelyn: I listen to my Bible on CD while I’m in the car.
Their freedom became an issue for anti-war activist Cindy Sheehan at the 2006 Caracas World Social Forum. On March 4, she carried her commitment to campaign to free them to Ireland and Sweden.
We went to a newer tapas restaurant and sat at the bar. I drank a couple Heinekens while my wife had a couple liquor drinks. We ordered a few of their tapas selections and started eating.
I shall warn you at this point. If you are squeamish sickened by the site of blood turn around now.
Maslow believed that these needs are similar to instincts and play a major role in motivating behavior. Physiological, security, social, and esteem needs are deficiency needs (also known as D-needs), meaning that these needs arise due to deprivation. Satisfying these lower-level needs is important in order to avoid unpleasant feelings or consequences.
About RK Motors Charlotte
Here are some pics from the chapter:
One PK volunteer wasn’t so sure about Promise Keepers’ return to all-out ministry to men. He came to the Orlando conference almost on a dare. Afterward he said, “I’m back in, because you’re back.”
it completely over to her. I am excited to see her totally run with it!
first last before after ahead behind
The other night was a little different – the case she opened with began last Saturday morning in Tucson, Arizona – an adorable 6-year old girl went missing sometime through the night.
May 17 Los Angeles, California - Takeoff (15100 Keswick Avenue VanNuys,CA)
“Merit.”
One would almost forget that this is the nation that not too long ago was producing some of history’s most revered athletes. We’re still playing catch up to Edwin Moses, Evelyn Ashford, Carl Lewis, Mike Powell, Michael Johnson, Charles Austin, Jackie Joyner Kersee, John Powell, Mac Wilkins, Kim Gallagher, Johnny Gray, and Valerie Brisco among a host of others. We had Tommie Smith, John Carlos, Jim Hines and Charlie Greene simultaneously – yet we’re happy to have one Tyson Gay. We had Butch Reynolds, Steve Lewis, Danny Everett and Michael Johnson ALL at the same time. Not too long ago having multiple stars was commonplace in the U.S. – Carl Lewis, Mike Powell and Mike Conley; Conley and Kenny Harrison; Charles Austin and Hollis Conway; JJK and Marion Jones; Ben Plucknett, Mac Wilkins, John Powell AND Art Burns. My point is that right now we’d be ecstatic to have just one of those per event, yet we used to produce them in bunches!
Before watching the final episode of this anime series, I couldn’t help but think what type of ending was in store for us the viewers and I couldn’t think of one for the simple reason that the series has been so unpredictable that it could have ended in a multitude of ways. The happy ending that was delivered to us was, at least to me, a little surprising. Oh and my misconception that all the BRS characters were fighting in the same alternate world was cleared up.
Well here is my entry for the Sunday on Corrosive Challenge Blog :) I`m in this clean and simple mood so I came up with this keep things simple as the days seem to be just flying by...Before we all know it Christmas will be here!!! Is everyone finished their cards....
The last time Mercury was retrograde directly opposite your sign was in September 2009. This is always an indication that you have to face old issues with partners, especially ex-partners. It could mean you are similarly dealing with old issues with close friends as well. Whatever the case, all this stuff is back on your plate again. Oy! The downside of Mercury is feeling frustrated with delays. But the upside of Mercury (and incredibly, there is an upside) is that you can quite easily expedite things or finish things or bring them to a conclusion now. Wouldn't it be nice to get rid of this once and for all? Some of you, however, are not dealing with old issues. You're just running into ex-partners -- and all that that implies. (Yikes!)
The countdown to the first day of school is continuing. One week and counting...hehehe. Manchild is not real happy about this. I am sure the kitties and I will have a twinge of loneliness.....NAH!
Her child should have been able to bring the bible home and flip through it, read some of it, ask questions, etc. That is part of the learning process. Her child may agree with that viewpoint and belief, more than his mothers (oh heaven forbid!)....or maybe not.
This project took me less than an hour from start to finish. It was really simple. I forgot to take a picture of it before I cut it all up...
#69. schmoozing for free stuff on a girls' night
We always sat still and listened when we went to Mass, but every once in a while one of us might get a giggle that we could not stop and even though there were 5 of us, my mom could be sitting at one end of the pew and you could be the last kid in the other end but she could still reach you with a pinch! (We kneeled at Mass anyway, so she settled for a pinch). Hey, maybe that’s one of the reasons my brother became an Altar Boy.
Staff: Masayuki Miyaji (Director) Ichiro Okouchi (Script), Seiichi Hashimoto (Character Design), Kazuki Sakuraba (Original Novelist), Michiru Oshima (Music),
Trying to explain or understand my love affair with London is something I've been trying to figure for years, and I've finally come to a conclusion: there is no right answer, no rhyme or reason, it just is.
Which brings us back to the con-trolls. There aren’t so many ways to turn people into trolls. Only a few are actually born that way; most are created by meme infestation or plain ol’ greed to scourge the internet for non-conforming sources to attack. But it is not they who choose the targets… that information comes from above, which makes them useful idiots to overlords and discerners alike.
On route to the scene of Phelps's first case, while I admired Team Bondi's rendition of 1947 Los Angeles, my attention was interrupted by an announcement over the police dispatch. Apparently, there was a 401k going down on Hold-em-up Boulevard and an R-Type response was needed. Hm. A prompt appeared: "To answer the dispatch, press A." These, I realised, must be L.A. Noire's side-quests, and I instinctively moved to press A. But hold on, Phelps was on his first case as detective; he'd worked hard to get promoted from patrolman; this dispatch was not his duty to answer. I ignored the call. Each time another of these calls went out, I thought about it and didn't respond.
Jack rolled over with a mock gasp of pain, holding his arm and rolling on the couch dramatically. Zephyr, sunning in a window, muttered about human silliness.
‘Lolita’ opens with a fictitious foreword discussing the recently published memoirs of murderer and paedophile Humbert Humbert, and continues with the memoirs themselves. Set during 1950's America, ‘Lolita’ is the self written biography of Humbert, an immigrant to the United States who eventually seduces, kidnaps and sexually molests his landlady’s daughter (who he variously refers to as Dolores, Dolly, Lolita, Lola, Lo, L). Despite the horrid nature of the plot, ‘Lolita’ has reached a cult status and has often been described as a masterpiece of English literature (which is very exceptional, considering English was Nabokov’s second or third language).
No, I don’t think so either. Small, minute, even, but a little annoying. Moving on.
· Leads key aspects of business readiness activities including but not limited to communications, training and deployment throughout the project life cycle.
Read more at:
Place chicken breasts, 1 at a time, between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Squirt chicken lightly with water and squirt the top of the plastic wrap as well. Pound to no less than 1/8-inch thickness. Season each piece of chicken with salt and pepper.
Kayla is doing softball again, over at her moms ;) SHES ONE GREAT BALL PLAYER. Hope we can go to some of her games!! Josiah did not do baseball afterall but is taking drum lessons and will be trying out for The Dinuba Aqua Emps swim team
This was our absolute favorite. My daughter wanted me to read it to her over and over again, and when she was older she would read it herself. The pictures, illustrated my Lisa McCue are delightful, full of color and oh so cute. In the story a new baby animal is born and the other animals (field mice, raccoons, skunk, bunny, bear, etc.) gather gifts to take to the baby. They bring berries, nuts, fish, even laughter. It isn't until the end that you learn who the new baby animal is.
"We're going to call it 'First Men' explained the Spanish director "because the way it is said in English -'the men who had come first' -it is too long".
CSN Stores has kindly asked me to do a review for them and is sending me a $75 gift card. I'm awfully pumped and can't wait to share what I find with you all!
5 ) When you get an email from your girlfriend saying that she thinks you should start seeing other people…because she already is.
3. Downside Up 6:27
Laura was strong enough to know that what was going on in their marriage was not a “we” thing, but rather a “him” thing, and she was powerful enough to know that she wasn’t being rejected. It wasn’t because of anything she had done.
Changed into pure seeing, I will absorb, as before, the proportions of human bodies, the color of irises, a Paris street in June at dawn, all of it incomprehensible, incomprehensible the multitude of visible things.
Jeans. I am obsessed with jeans:).
When you play with fire, sometimes you get burned. And other times, you get a baby... And as I've said before, very few moments are easy, it's hardly ever the classic definition of perfection but somehow, it's still so stinking awesome. Loss of sleep. Loss of money. Loss of independence. These are all true to some extent. There is no denying it. But the gains are worth more than any of those things. They are better than any trip I've taken. Better than any size I've ever been. Better than any piece of furniture I could have bought. Any car I could be driving.
Walking down the memory lane back into the 1912 wasn’t easy given limited resources about one of the deadliest tragedy in the world. None of us were excited to resurrect the memories of a dead ship. Every one of us had clashing opinions about the crash, which were the wonders of our brain. It was like digging a grave of skeletons for autopsy hoping to find a lead on a murder happened a decade ago. It seems impossible for us to craft a dying tale of a man who was dead before he got to the end of his story.
3. Put it into a plastic container. Cover the kimchi with a piece of plastic wrap so it is not exposed to air. Put the lid on and let it sit at room temperature (not in direct sunlight) for a day and a half. Taste it every now and then. If it tastes like it's starting to ferment, then it is ready to go into the fridge. Don't put it in before otherwise you will just end up with lifeless kimchi. (But if you wait too long to put it in it will be too sour and tangy, so be careful.)
Sheng, who is also a Sime Darby board member, said there were valuable lessons to be learnt from this episode. “We have given instructions to the management to strengthen controls and manage all operations in the most prudent and efficient manner.”
The view from the deck was sure different! The water was just lovely and relaxing. Sitting out there in the morning drinking coffee and watching the wildlife was almost paradise.
In one evening of playing music we didn’t even scratch the surface of his massive collection of hard to find records. Singers like O.V.Wright and Harold Burrage will have to be saved for another day. After repeated listening to the cd he made for me, I learned more than a few things. Johnny Sayles has Soul. Bobby Moore has Soul. Freddie Scott has Soul. Peter Greenberg has Soul.
Overweight girls were more likely to have more breast development, the study showed. But Dr. Biro said he did not think weight was the whole story. He said it was possible that environmental chemicals were also playing a role, and added that he and his colleagues were now studying the girls’ hormone levels and lab tests measuring their exposures to various chemicals.
Hail to the Presiding God of Pharaoh’s Dreams–Rejoice! You are praised!
-Metal Letter Stamps (Any hobby store will have them)
Gideon Manasseh / photojournalist
Up yer fanny! (Or emmmm bumhole. Or whatever arrangement you've got going on 'down there')
Zac Efron grew up good.
Grab or make a loaf of fresh bread and tuck in!
I lightly spread Frosted Lace Stickles over the image, inked the edges and popped up the image with 3D Foam Squares. To finish, I added a few pearls.
Brooklyn sleeps with you? How does your husband deal with this? I have a 13 month old that I want to take into bed with me b/c she is waking up screaming every 2 hours from teething, but don't want to start a habit. Is it just easier, or is it because she's your last child and you want to savor it, or are you just sparing the other kids from having to share a room with her? LOL I'm curious, not judging. Thanks!
Slow down, you’re moving too fast
Please keep praying for the general health of the team. Stomach issues are still a problem, though imodium has done the trick for several of our team members. Everybody is in good spirits. There is a great amount of cooperation among team members and we are having a blast with the kids here.
PKR vice-president Nurul Izzah Anwar advised Pekema to demand from the government a disclosure of the recipients of APs since the programme’s inception before extolling its success.
Told you it was a fab sketch, I know you will love playing with it. My teamies as always have created some amazing inspiration for you all. Looking forward to checking out your lovely creations.
TIP #2
I posted these tips because (a) I think they’re interesting, and (b) I need to learn to resist my officemate’s cookies. But as much as these tips and tricks are being used to encourage healthy eating, cunning marketers may also employ similar tactics in the hopes of getting you to make the less healthy choice. Learning to recognize and avoid these marketing tactics may be just as important as putting them to use!
After a few days of watching her feed the cats, I noticed that she always wears a jean jacket. This jacket is decked out in rhinestones that say, “Cat Lover” followed by a bit of bling strategically placed on the jacket. Upon further observation, I see her license plate says the same thing.
I also want to share about Autumn's progress. I'm actually nervous to type this out because everytime I comment on how well Autumn is doing something goes wrong and we take 2 steps back. ;) BUT I believe God is answering our prayers on healing & maturing Autumn's brainstem. This week I keep wanting to pinch myself because I honestly could never imagine this time would come. I know God's powerful enough but never was sure if it would be in His will to give us that miracle we've hoped for. Autumn's oxygen saturations have stayed between 97-100 ALL day. This is NOT normal for Autumn...she goes into the 70's & 80's about 10 times daily (sometimes turning dusky). She also has gagging episodes which makes her desat as well. WELL, this week we have only a couple of gagging episodes and within 5 days she's desatted into the 80's only 2 times!!! We have rarely had to suction her and she's been more alert and cooperating with her therapists and ALL over the house exploring. I even took her out yesterday by myself and never had to pull over to suction her (even when she coughed). Coughs usually turn into gagging fits and then turning dusky. I don't want to get my hopes up that this is actually the miracle we've been praying for and then we step back again but I know this too is also in God's perfect timing. So, I ask you keep on praying along with me that God's Will be done in Autumn's life as well and that this is the miracle we've been praying for.
part of the state has been
I would be a fool to try and go against His system.
11.rigor mortis
Frog hops with weight 16 reps
Maybe that makes me old fashioned. But it is what it is. I am not trying to change the world or make an impact with these thoughts. I am just writing what I feel to get my juices flowing. This is mainly for me. Maybe there are more like me...but if there are...I am hoping that they will answer the door when I knock.
We have five copies of Sally Nicholls' All Fall Down to give away this month. Just give the best answer to this question, to enter: "What historical place would you most like to visit, and why?"
That obviously means that you should believe (most of the time only) some things that you read and hear unless it is based on Scripture. That’s the only absolute thing. The key thing is to always ask “why?” Whichever song becomes the next hit, ask “why?” Do the same with bestsellers, hit movies, T.V shows, and anything that’s made a huge deal of. The most important area to ask the “why” question is the news.
And PS…if I’m not here this weekend, it’s because my computer died. In that case, I’ll be sure and blame the next car salesman I see.
“My wife wanted to know why they didn’t show up on Sunday when the two men were making all the trouble, and she was told ‘don’t behave like a white woman’… said Grobler. The commander of the Heuningspruit police station also told the father that his son ‘should have stood still to be stabbed’ and then the attacker would have been in the cells instead of Chris…’ Allegedly the two arrested black knifemen had lodged charges of assaults against the farmer and his foreman, said police captain Msisitheki Selima of the Kroonstad police; and Volksblad also quoted a claim from another cop that the police ‘have a rule’ that “anyone accused of anything should be locked up for 48 hours…. “
At some point, Tater was giving Bina a piggy back ride. All of a sudden, Huck ran up to them, hooked Tater in between the legs and threw her up on his back. Bina was still on her back!!!! I have no idea how Huck did it!! It was AWESOME!!! Bina is on Tater's back, Tater is on the male goat's back backwards, and he is trotting!!! Hilarious!!! I am laughing so hard I almost pee my pants!
It needs at least one polish before I send it out to betas, and I'm not sure the first act doesn't need a bit of rocket fuel, but overall I'm pleased with the book. It's more complicated than everything else I've written, it's the first novel I've written from a detailed and thorough outline (which helped a lot, despite the fact that I deviated from the outline to the tune of 10-15,000 words), and I think the good bits are the best stuff I've yet written.
My friend Jenna was over and we were thumbing through the spring Country Home magazine. A kitchen with open shelving really caught my eye. She said "If I owned our house I would so have open shelving." I was like "Me too. Wait a hot minute... I DO!" So I did it. That same day.
Anyway, opening the curtains this morning, I would have won my bet, peering past the raindrops on the window, I watched the rain bouncing of the vehicles in the close, beating out the words ‘bank holiday, bank holiday……..
We were living in Orlando, and as much as I loved it, I longed to be near my family.
Like every downy-bearded blow-in, I dreamed of becoming a latter-day Kardomah Boy. All that's left of these efforts is some unusually bad verse and a draft screenplay. Provisionally named "It Happened By Here", It toys with motifs from Astérix in a Britain occupied by the Nazis in 1941:
For those who qualify, a special needs trust can substantially improve a disabled person’s quality of life. Through a special needs trust, a parent can make sure their disabled child is not disqualified from public benefits like medicaid and supplemental security income. A parent can also make sure the inheritance they leave their child will be managed properly and in a way that enhances their child’s life.
698. Dinner @ Kraftwork (Philadelphia, PA) 7:23p.m.
And you can make a most excellent lobster roll at least as good as Red’s – ask me for my recipe – at home for, at worst, half the price of Red’ $14.95 and you won’t have to wait an hour in line sucking down exhaust fumes. So head further north – anywhere north of Bar Harbor, rent a cottage by the sea, make you own lobster rolls and enjoy the view. That’s my Maine tourism tip for this season.
E: How did you come up with Gaoler’s Daughter for the band’s name and why?
for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment,
#070 Darin Erstad (Angels)
The Labour Legacy lives on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on………………………………………………………………………………..
Have you ever watched as it changed,
I like to say I do these mad things so that you don't have to, but actually it is because I have very poor impulse control.
What you think love is? What is love supposed to feel like?
A.K.G. Nair, Group Director, Pearl Academy of Fashion said, “We have some of the most creative minds amongst us, but exposure and access to the best resources, ideas and talent from around the world is key to success. Having someone like Angela Missoni share her experiences with our students is part of our efforts to create a truly global and relevant industry experience at Pearl.”
Be blessed.
the best YA novels are often among the best novels, period.
Y for YIPPEE !!! :-)
If Muslim immigration, and through it the rate of growth of the Muslim population itself, cannot be brought under control, which is to say stopped in perpetuity, then British towns and cities will continue to undergo a rapid process of colonization by their various Muslim peoples. This process of colonization will have one very unusual characteristic. Normally, technologically and economically more advanced peoples colonize peoples who are less advanced in these regards. This is why, try as they might, the native American Indians could not effectively oppose, much less reverse, the colonization they underwent at the hands of the British and other European peoples. However, in our case, the opposite will be true, as our colonization will be taking place at the hands of technologically and economically inferior peoples who, barring the odd Afghan on the back of a truck, have to be let in by our immigration apparatus to be here at all.
I am still asked if this is for certain the last baby. Even by people that know Hub had a vasectomy. Yes, it is! 100% it is. It has been 5 months since hub had it done, and I am more happy and content with the decision as time goes by.
But when Vika arrived at her first orphanage, the workers gave her a birth date and guessed at her age; as she was found on the street with a mom who never claimed her, the exact information was never known. She was given the birthdate of January 19 and it was estimated she was around seven years old.
This weekend my daughter has another meet. The home meet is never my favorite, because we have to work it (last year my husband did video for all five sessions) and I put in hours making notebooks for them to sell.
We stopped counting weeks ago at 120 hours on the ladder.
And of course, use huge loads of sunscreen with high SPF.~
The fight between pro-slavery and anti-slavery activists as to whether Kansas would become a slave state or a free state was one of the early confrontations that triggered the Civil War. Popular vote would decide whether or not Kansas would become a free state. Large groups of both pro- and anti-slavery activists poured into Kansas to decide the outcome, which at times escalated into violent confrontations, and many of these battles were centered in and around Lawrence. Finally, on January 29, 1861, Kansas was admitted to the Union as a free state, less than three months before the Battle of Fort Sumpter which began the Civil War.
Come see my latest show next month; I play the actoid, Jacie. See if you can spot items from my own wardrobe in the production!
We also do treatments to reduce and prevent the appearance of neck phantasmal banks (turkey neck) In conjunction with your regular facials, Botox and fillers our treatments are helping your skin to help it self and make your other procedures so much more effective.
my next visit the dentist is in mid-may, so i will get to have my usual bakes on most saturday morning when dear is working... had wanted to bake some oatmeal cookies, but dear requested for pizza... so pizza it is! and i did not even get to taste the pizza! dear finished it up on his own!!!
Bruno said it wasn’t as clean and precise as the Paso should be. Carrie Ann said she felt that the intensity knocked her off her feet. Len thought it had promise, but it didn’t quite deliver.
Anyway, I’m sure it’s because the Botanical Gardens is a “Bird Sanctuary,” that we get such a variety of birds in this nearby residential neighborhood.
To get started, first sit comfortably at the patient’s head with the top of the head resting on a towel facing your chest and the body away from you. If that sort of a massage bed is not available then sit on the bed and pillow the patient’s head in your lap, placing an absorbent towel on your lap. Make sure you’re comfortable and your back rests against a headboard. Keep a jar or bottle of the stroke patient’s favourite moisturiser handy. Dab a little of the moisturiser on your fingers each time you start to massage a certain area of the face.
My sweet friend recently lent me her family's old cookbooks to peruse. I love the cookbooks, but my favorite thing is seeing which little slips of paper and newspaper clippings people stuff inside these old cookbooks. These are some of the greatest recipes in my family's cookbooks, so I made sure to copy down some of my friend's too! Here is a great one I found - enjoy!
Kissed
Um, Dave Robicheaux - I think James Lee Burke is just one of the most astonishing writers - forget about literary fiction, crime fiction, genre fiction - he’s just amazing, he’s got the soul of a poet. And every book just seems fresh to me, and very few people manage to create a series character where they can do that.
We have the Italian cookbook; it came packaged in a pizza box with a pizza cutter. The other book my mom bought was the Chinese cookbook. I came in a take box with a spoon - so cute! In addition to the 2 books we have, there's a Mexican cookbook too!
The other cat was young but had a large tumor on its face. She was very peaceful.
This is how one student that Kebokile encountered talked about her study abroad experience in Botswana. One may well ask: Why does a study abroad program include an elephant ride? There may of course be many reasons: buying tickets for exchange students may help feed the elephants and their drivers, for example. Perhaps students from other countries will gain an appreciation for this mighty animal through this close contact. But I tend to suspect that the main reason may be that the program organizers are trying to find something to entertain these students and are drawn to the touristic appeal of the country’s wildlife as a way to give the students something to to do, and maybe something to talk about back home. Kebokile is not trying to take away the elephant ride, but rather to help the students put this experience in the context of the complex reality of elephant herds in Botswana, their impact on crops, other species, the economy, and the controversy around culling the herds. How might a serious pre-trek or post-trek discussion of this article influence what the students took home from the experience?
distinction between them and the rest of mankind. Even as their Lord was
I wanted to be out cycling around the lake early, running errands, mailing letters. I am mentally and physically fatigued from the previous stressful work-week. Right now, in this moment, I don’t feel like doing any thing.
Cynthia James (www.cynthiajames.net) and Dr. Jordan Paul (www.drjordanpaul.com), co-hosts of this exciting weekly international internet radio variety talk show, are on a mission to inspire greater oneness both within us and in our world, while providing practical ideas that encourage this process.
Christ’s body was broken to save the souls of the lost.
He spun, but so nothing.
Nanaimo Bars. Don’t ask me how to pronouce it because I still can’t get it right.
I learned about Kiva a few years ago, when one of my sisters (who runs this Etsy shop) suggested that all our siblings donate money to the charity Kiva instead of giving each other Christmas gifts. What a way to celebrate what Christmas is truly about!
Original Air Date: Apr 18, 2012
Have a lovely weekend, see you when I get back. Lets hope the weather stays like this for a few days more! :)
I have spent the better part of the hour on EdenFantasys website!! There are SOOO many things to look at and so many things to choose from! I LOVE IT! Okay, and let me be a bit honest here when I say, I am NOT the least bit adventurous when it comes to 'alone time' with my husband! lol I just cant let loose or get creative, Im really just not sure what the deal is, but there you have it, I am not adventurous. Much to my husbands dismay. So when I told my husband I would be doing a review for this company, you can imagine his genuine SHOCK and after the shock came the laughing at me and saying ya right. lol I cant blame him. Men are just way more open when it comes to things like this, and maybe there are a lot of women who are too, I dont know, I just know that I unforunately am not one of those women.
Well there are so many ladies here and so little time. As we were leaving Marianna said “all those old ladies will miss you”.
We collected in the street as if for some harmless family gathering, sitting at makeshift benches to eat and talk. There were at least a hundred of us, and we didn’t want to raise suspicion. Our small cache of artillery was hidden nearby. The air was prickling, men glancing over their shoulders with urgency in their dark eyes.
There has been a large outcry from people who want to contribute to my campaign despite my “penniless campaign” pledge. I had resisted for the longest time, but I do not want to disappoint all those people who want to contribute. I will have a one-time money bomb on the 31st of this month. This will be the ONLY time I will accept contributions. The money raised from the campaign will be used for things like ad time, yard signs, and tattoos. There will be more information in the days to come.
in this 3 bedroom 1 bath rental house that we call home.
Even I am amazed at how much detail I can take in of what is happening to me.. Every kick, blow, cut and scrape, I feel. I can see the faces of the angry mob, the brotherhood of insane okada riders, who like moths drawn to a flame, have now drowned me in a sea of heads, sticks cudgels and petrol.
1) a series of photographs of the mill in olden times (the leftmost photo is from the 1890s, I think) …
The right have always had a core vote and this has naturally grown over the years, certainly the BNP have become more prominent but it is not this that has augmented such voting patterns, thee primary factor has been the changed street, the altered demographic and the besieged, bewildered and the angry white ,indigenous community. Yet such a non-core vote is hard to keep, angry, frightened individuals, little interested in politics. Want action and they want it now, they vote for the BNP and see little to no change, next time they either decline the invitation to vote, using the “They’re all the same”, argument or they place their approval elsewhere. Yet the core vote of the right remains almost wholly fixed, some drop out but in the main it stays constant, so we see that thee overriding factor for the growth of the rights vote has been the changing face of our nation, therefore the racial question is still relevant, still worth addressing, they failed to do so.
I am more grateful than words can accurately express.
Pakatan Rakyat’s Common Policy Framework is humanist, compassionate, practical and achievable. It is a sign-post to a better future for all Malaysians.
3/4 cup stock
Police firearms instructor Dave Spaulding calls this close range situation “The Hole” . In an article I recommend to every Cop or civilian firearms carrier, Dave says:
Being an early morning wedding the morning was hectic. First on the agenda was to get the boys
Tom Manney, the manager of Black Self Help, and Dwight Stallings were also arrested but released, for lack of evidence. I have not been able to determine the names of the other two suspects who were released. For some peculiar reason, Howard refers to one by the pseudonym, “Jasper Childs.” All but one of the arrestees worked for the black Moslem business, Self Help Moving and Storage; Cooks worked for the Black Muslim-owned, Shabazz Bakery.
Earlier in the semester, when we reviewed Foucault, we talked about his general rejection of sexual identity formation as a means of sexual liberation. To Deleuze, zeroing in on a sexual identity would inevitably just limit a group of individuals who could be vastly different from another, lumping them together by one common trait, even if that trait itself is a unique individual experience. This identity, would not really designate what this person is, it would only remove the possibilities of what a person can become. Thus, ascribing an identity becomes a repressive force instead of a source of strength.
Ink: SU Markers, Riding Hood Red, Regal Rose, Always Artichoke
An ingenious device,GasBuddy,easily inserts between the gas pump handle and automatically pumps gas for today’s drivers, truckers, boaters and
A key adviser to Prime Minister David Cameron has launched an attack on the work-ethic of British managers, accusing them of failing to "go the extra mile" and being too keen to clock off at 5pm.
You don’t have to pay a publisher or agent. ( you shouldn’t ever give them money but you will be paying them when they take a percentage of your sales. Cutting out the agents and publisher’s high over head.
If you want to quickly and effectively reduce costs in your organization, travel budgets can be significantly reduced, while getting the same scope of work (meetings) done by using technology. Phone and video conferencing can easily replace face-to-face meetings and the costs associated. Meeting in person may be the richest form of communication in cutting a deal or working collaboratively. However utilizing video conferencing or using Skype or other forms is more the standard and acceptable these days. As an entrepreneur you will have to make a careful decision on the appropriate forms of communication for the appropriate audience, while cognizant of the need for cost-effective methods.
“Right now I’ve got my curves back because I’ve had time off, I’m at home cooking, I’m more relaxed. I’m not defined by being seven pounds heavier than I was two months ago – I think it is really unhealthy to go there.”
the fence and like that old
I'll be seeing him again this weekend for one of the rugby guys' weddings. I asked him last weekend if he was going and he said he was, and said he wasn't bringing his girlfriend because he didn't think it was appropriate. Now, why would it be appropriate to date her but not bring her?? I think he was worried I'd start something with her, which I would NEVER do at someone's wedding. I WOULD, however, make damn sure that none of my friends talked to her, which means the only person that she could conversate with would be her boyfriend. I kinda wish she would go just so I could see it. :)
Serious question, what in god’s name is so interesting about The Hunger Games? I mean, all it is really is a bunch of kids killing other kids. It has the exact same concept that the Japanese movie, Battle Royal, has. The movie itself is lacking in gory deaths and it just has to contain the friggin romance. Didn’t we get enough of that crap in the Twilight series?
My personal bias rose out of my chest within seconds of getting into town: I love Delhi. Nothing against Mumbai, but if I could choose one Indian city to spend the rest of my life in, it would be Delhi. In fact, Delhi may be third on my list of best cities (right behind #1 New York and #2 San Diego). Clean streets, great public transportation, and thousands of years of history layered beneath your feet: Delhi is fantastic.
Then I'm quickly reminded of "that Thanksgiving"
- Each gallon of gas sold in 2010 generated … two … cents … of profits for Exxon.
Soldiers who had expected to be participating in great battles found themselves drilling in mud from morning to night. An epidemic of homesickness spread through the troops.
Table of Contents :
Once upon a time in America, we can tell our grandchildren, there used to be this great thing called Free Speech.
<U+2665> Enjoy this cuties <U+2665>
2. The rain
Of course Yuno’s fixation with Yukiteru shouldn’t gel with the stated goal of the survival game – one of them MUST die for the game to end, and with Deus’ slow degradation (his motive for starting the game anyway, to prevent the world’s end) there can’t be a stalemate. Yuno decides that she will do her best to protect Yukiteru until the end, so that he can become god – the combined power of his and her diaries means that nothing can happen to Yukiteru that they can’t foresee. And this is shown in the very first episode, where together they take down Third who is also a notorious serial killer in the area and also their high-school teacher!
So the names, in no particular order: are:
Ink/Colouring - Stazon (black), Distress inks (walnut stain, antique linen, pumice stone, weathered wood, stormy sky, black soot, forest moss), watercolour pencil (skin), Distress Stain (picket fence) and Adirondack Mixatives (snow cap)
He admitted that it didn't matter what colour the sky really was that day, he would always paint it SKY BLUE. PUSB! PUSB! Magritte must have been a Coventry City fan werhoooooo!
Confiteria Ideal is becoming one of my favourite haunts for a Friday now, but Viv has labeled it Weirdo Central. Because we were later than usual I was not given the best of seats, which meant I had to stand to cabeceo. I resisted the temptation to walk around the room for at least an hour, but from where I was, I had little option. I could not even get a dance with my Mataderos lady until I went on walk about. I now know her name is Theresa, I told her my “wife says we are as good as married because we had three dances together”. She laughed and said “I am too old for you”. I had a tanda with the French lady that I did chacarera with last week and after she introduced me to her husband, we did chacarera again.
Naturally, Beckett has to roll her eyes when they listen to the 911 call charlie made after witnessing the attack. Test results confirm, though, that he and David were bitten by the same person. And then Ryan plays a bit of a security tape that shows a tall figure looming and wandering toward the parking garage at the time of death. The camera zooms in to his face. A decayed face.
I'm up with the kids well into 2am, sometimes later. Answering questions, listening to them , helping them , feeding them, sometimes we watch a show we recorded.
That bears a human soul!
Then a little stop at the Yarn shop to say hello, Merry Christmas catch up about the last day things and off back home to finish with the cooking and cleaning...
Happy May Day everyone! To start off the month, we have brand new sketch for you. This sketch was created by our design team member Nadia Cannizzo.
I cannot admit this Machiavellian answer because it is too implausible. I am in a word, prepared to allow the possibility of sincere and honest radicalism. It is suggested that the real answer lies again in the by now familiar phenomenon of attitude-behaviour discrepancy (Ray, 1971d ). If one may for a moment wax anecdotal, on occasions I have, when talking with young Maoists and others of the more 'revolutionary' (and minuscule) Left in Australia, often had the experience of hearing their actions and creed justified by talk that boiled down to something being 'just wrong' or 'basically unjust' (cf. Bedford, 1970). When giving my reply to this: 'But I don't believe that there's any such thing as Right and Wrong', the typical answer was initially a rather long silence followed by: 'But I don't either'. This would then be followed by some sort of attempt by other arguments to persuade me to feel as the revolutionary did about the fancied 'injustice'. The conversation always terminated in the revolutionary realising that he was speaking to someone who just did not get angry about the same things he did. This caused complete (if sometimes polite) cessation of further interaction. The radical, then, although he would on serious reflection reject out of hand the notion of an objective Right, does find in the heat of debate no language more appropriate to express his feelings than the language of Right and Wrong. Once out of his armchair, the radical is as moralistic (if not more so) as the reactionary. His abstract conclusions about the nature of Right have not penetrated far or deeply into his everyday behaviour or thinking. Underneath it all, he is still working with the same sort of assumptions as the reactionary. The point at issue is always what is right, not whether anything is right. If then to some the radical appears an especially moralistic person, this is to be understood as showing that he is a person who feels especially deeply about certain social phenomena and, as a consequence, he has more need of the language that is traditionally appropriate to expressing such feeling and which has most efficacy in inspiring others to feel similarly. The danger of course is that if the radical talks as if there were an absolute Right and Wrong he might, given the opportunity, act as if there were also. We all know the pitiless oppression that can result (e.g. the Spanish inquisition, Stalinist Russia) when men believe that they act in the name of Right. Thus alone can inhumane acts be justified in the name of humanity and mercy.
Cherub Airlines: a new service, frequent and reliable flights to dozens of celestial destinations.
“I HAVE BEEN WATCHING YOUR BACK” God whispered to my quietened soul last week, over 2 years since He had spoken those words from Isaiah. Yes, He had been MY REARGUARD. My life…that is, my soul had been left intact. The chaff had been separated from the wheat. The battle was over and I was on my way home. From now on
Eventually, he became accustomed to being outside most of the time. One night he got confused and went to the neighbors sliding glass door and tried to get in. Thank goodness they knew the girls had a possum.
KEEP THE VISION!!!
Just as Obama “inherited” the financial crisis of 2008, Romney is going to inherit “Taxageddon” in 2013 if a GOP controlled Congress does not repeal significant increases in taxes, all of which will stall any effort to get the economy back on a growth track.
Mei is successfully employed by the Chinese mobsters. She does a great job for them. But then she’s grabbed again – this time by the same Russian mob that we met at the film’s outset.
An article in today's Telegraph regarding the current situation of rebel fighters refusing to either go home or disarm, carries the questionable headline "As lawlessness spreads, are the rebel 'good guys' turning bad?" This rather pre-supposes the notion that the rebels were ever the "good guys" to begin with, rather than a rag-tag bunch of extremists, known terrorists and some fighters who genuinely believed in the cause of deposing Col. Gaddafi.
SMRT trains are having delays and disruptions on an almost daily basis that even the mainstream media has stopped reporting on it altogether.
My first card is one I did for a challenge at Joans Gardens, a wonderful website, check it out if you have time!! She carries great products and will order for you what you need if you want,if she does not have it in stock !! Great lady.
To make the pancake, combine the flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. In a smaller separate bowl, whisk together the soymilk, Ener-G and cider vinegar and let it sit for about 5 minutes to slightly thicken. Then slowly add the liquid into the flour mixture and mix gently until combined. Do not overmix. Add in the vegetables and gently combine again with the batter. Set aside.
OK maybe a tad psychotic... think I'll have to work on this. Maybe I'll work on the synopsis instead.
Josie Hancock
I’m sticking to my idea of talking about a song. Today, if you haven’t read the title is Build God Then We’ll Talk, By Panic! At The Disco.
It's time...NOW!
The notion that China's development model of a strong political leadership that effectively manages social and economic affairs provides an alternative to Western democracy and market economies for other developing countries to learn from.
It’s your turn to reign
*Cardstock: PTI white; Stampin' Up! Wild Wasabi, Marina Mist, Basic Black
But things didn’t go as smoothly as we’d hoped this morning. When we got to Rikers going through security and waiting for an escort took much longer than expected and unfortunately it really cut the time for the mock trials short. The mock trials were supposed to be held in the gymnasium, but because the religious services were being held there at the same time that wasn’t possible. The religious services are normally held in a separate chapel area, but because it’s under construction services must be held in the gym on Sunday mornings. That’s alright but there was a lack of communication sucked. So we had to have the mock trials take place in their living areas, where we have been conducting the sessions all semester. Today we brought 8 dozen boxes of donuts for the guys as a treat but we had issues getting that through since the Captain on shift this weekend would not allow it. He protested because apparently the donuts are considered contraband and he wouldn’t allow them to pass through since he was not aware of any clearance for them. Although we had clearance through the “higher-ups,” this seemed not to have been communicated to the appropriate people. So at first they confiscated the donuts which was so frustrating BUT we ended up getting them back. Only problem was, 2 dozen of the 8 dozen were not given back to us (ridiculous but unsurprising). And on top of that, the certificates for the guys were not printed out as they should have been (another lack of/miscommunication I guess). They’ll have to receive them another time. Long sigh.
You wait four years for an acetate to show up on "Left and to the Back", then two come along at once. Either I've suddenly become a very wealthy man, or I've managed to find a cheap source for a couple (guess which. It shouldn't be hard).
I had my endoscopy today. I chose not to be sedated for it and that may have been a mistake because it turns out my gag reflux is strong. Especially when a nurse is holding your head hard against an exam table while the doc fishes for images in yoru stomach. I puked up slime...three times. And since the nurse was holding my head down, had to lay in it until the doc was done. Good times.
The Birth, the Life, and the Death of Christ ends in the tomb, as it must. The medieval angels return, wings freshly starched, and remove the lid of Jesus’s sarcophagus, which must weigh about 25 pounds. Smartly, Guy doesn’t have Jesus climb out of the stone box here; rather, the actor’s image is superimposed over it, hovering in a pose of ascension—again, drawn from classical painting, but ending with a sudden disappearance that only a shuttered camera can produce.
“And Babylon, the glory of kingdoms, the beauty of the Chaldees' excellency, shall be as when God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah.” – (Isaiah 13:9)
Many people have written me to ask how I came up with Mojoey. The answer is simple. I did not come up with it. Like any nickname, it was given to me by others. I’ve had many nicknames over the years. Every thing from “Red”, to “The Mad Irishman”, to ” big guy” and even “grumpy”. A friend from work even calls me "Shrek", which I think is halariouis. I picked up Mojoey by way of a linguistic accident while working in France in 99. The staff of the facility I was working in referred to me a Gros Joe (pronounced “Grow Jo”). Now Grow Jo was not a pretty nickname, they were making fun of me because I was twice their average size and weight. I was not offended, but some of my American co-works were quite taken aback by this. They resolved to find me a better nickname.
Also: the L/R channels are reversed due to a re-wiring 'glitch'...& which nobody mentioned whilst there was the 'opportunity'...Ha Ha..
Was there risk? A little bit. But it was so worth it. Risk means that things will go wrong occasionally - that's life. It involves risk. Every time you do anything original or creative you take a risk. If you let young people have adventures they will sometimes get hurt, sometimes even get killed. But very, very rarely in the UK. We are so lucky that adventures here are relatively safe. And we ought to be letting our young people have them, however painful it is for us parents.
Are they adorable or what!?
Because all of a sudden he felt himself flying into the air. He'd never taken that long of a jump before, and it was scary. Then... instead of his cool, dark sleeping spot, he found himself out in the bright sunshine. He had no idea how he'd gotten here.
Silhouette Online Store - 5 Petal Flower & Flower Leaves
“I said no thanks.” Under normal circumstances I would try and try to convince Kurt to eat but these were not normal circumstances. Nothing about this move was normal; everything was up and down and in the air. This wasn’t a tangible situation, I couldn’t see or touch or feel this project coming to life because we had only just begun and so far we were stubbing our toes on the process. Although our journey on the prairie had only just begun it seemed as if we had spent a lifetime in the little trailer that I was working hard to keep from becoming a rat hole. As my husband walked past me without a word more I inhaled a deep breath, bit my tongue, shut my mouth and carried on with cooking the meal. Kurt went to bed, lying there fully clothed under a blanket. I served my dinner on a paper late to avoid washing a dish and wondered about things as I sat there at the table, alone, as I ate in silence. The meatballs were delicious and I remarked to myself that the Italian breadcrumbs eggs and fresh minced onion made all the difference when making meatballs in brown gravy. Maybe it was because I prefer all things Italian, how could I not? But in this case, there was no denying that the bland and basic flavor of brown gravy and ground beef rolled into balls was much improved with the touch of onion garlic basil and oregano. As I appreciated every bite of my meal I contemplated a second helping but felt self-conscious hogging the tastiness of this well cooked dinner, especially if Kurt was only lightly sleeping and could hear me going for another trip to the pan. And if he was in a deep sleep then the sound of me rattling lids to pans and scraping up gravy with the metal spoon certainly would wake him so quietly, I made my way down the steps after closing the heavy metal door with a Trepidatious click. After walking up to the hydrant to fill the water jugs, stopping by the big house to pop in and say hello to Brenda and the rest of the family, I made my way back to the trailer to drop off the water jugs and then I walked out the paddock gate to head over to the slice of land in a world that was supposed to become our new home. The dogs followed me, of course, never allowing me to go anywhere without them they were quick to tap on my heels in order to escort and protect as we walked up to the farthest corner of the land that now had our name on it. The prayer corner was the only place on earth now where I could tune everyone out enough to commune with God and be still in thought, meditation, prayer, devotion, and contemplation. To find solace, I had to walk away to my little church on that farthest corner of our pasture. Standing there, the dogs would lie down for a nap, now knowing after a full month of walking here, that we would be a while. Yes, we had been in Three Forks more than a month now so looking back was a good thing, maybe. Maybe we had achieved more than it felt like we had but then the wallet emptied out as if we’d been here for ten years. I was worried beyond fear, but praying helped me to remain calm enough that I didn’t become crazy over it. Praying helped to control my rattling nerves.
The general consensus seems to be that the three records they released in 1969 (What We Did On Our Holidays, Unhalfbricking and Liege & Lief) are the band’s best, and that what followed was a slow and steady decline. Certainly, the departure of Sandy Denny (their key attraction at that point) was a major blow, and the band’s infatuation with esoteric traditional material ensured that it wouldn’t have much more than a cult following. Still, they released plenty of solid albums in the 70s, most of which made little impact at the time, and are today only beginning to be rediscovered. Case in point: Pitchfork reviewed the reissues of What We Did On Our Holidays and Unhalfbricking, giving them high ratings of 8.8 and 9.3 respectively, without so much as mentioning the 10 or so other albums of theirs that had also been reissued.
I followed the cold breeze to the front door. It was wide open. I had entered the house through the garage. WHO LEFT THE FRONT DOOR WIDE OPEN? Just as I was deciding whether to flee out the front door or run back in and rescue my iPhone boyfriend and iPad goddess from the clutches of a probable serial killer, I saw the UPS truck pull away from the curb. And then I noticed that just inside the front door was a package from Amazon. Oh, good, the book my daughter wanted had arrived. Putting two and two together I realized that the UPS guy put the book inside of the house and yelled, “HELLOOOOO?” because the front door was wide open.
The petition has drawn criticism from other doctors and families of same-sex couples and yesterday prompted Victoria's chief psychiatrist to issue a statement defending Professor George.
Even after the facts were exposed, this political bigot, Dan Rather, kept foolishly and insanely insisting that the “story was true even if the document wasn’t”? And the sky is pink, although it appears blue?
The final dimensions of this crib/toddler duvet will be 28" x 51". If you want to make one for a standard size bed, just keep in mind to double or triple the width of the fabric to account for the gathers.
His vision was blurring, but he looked up through the car windows to see someone standing on the other side. He reached his right arm up with an open hand. The figure on the other side of the car leaped into the air and landed on the roof of the cruiser, collapsing it several inches. The man looked up at what he had thought to be a boy, but the boy was shirtless and extremely muscular. The boy smiled and leaped again. He crashed down harder and caving the roof so it touched the headrests of the front seats.
Unfortunately my pictures, taken with an iPhone, do not do the piece justice but they will give you some idea. This video is of much better quality and it gives you a much better sense of what to expect.
Because there are so many somewhat competitive seats on each side of the ledger there really is an extremely wide range of possibilities for what could happen next year. Certainly in the last few election cycles most of the close races have all ended up going in one direction or another so you could see Republicans whittle the number of Democratic seats down to the low 50s if they have a good year as expected but if somehow things get turned around for Democrats to have a good year they could climb up well into the mid 60s.
A father who has Plans. Don’t all fathers? Grace’s does, at least. And Grace agrees with them. Except . . .
Does this sound absolutely delicious to anyone else? Most people I mention this to seem to scrunch their faces up in disgust. I don't know about the "lager style" of which I have to assume they are talking about light lager. With the light lager insinuation aside, there is something about beer, ham, cheese, and waffles just gets me all excited. I haven't made this recipe yet but I will most definitely not use a light lager, I was thinking more along the lines of wheat beer or maybe go full on adventurous and make a half a batch of stout waffles. Now that's what I'm talking about. Anyone have a waffle iron for sale?
It is lovely, truly, lovely.
Congratulations, Nana Connie! Please email me at stampandcreate@bellsouth.net with your mailing address and I will send you your gift certificate.
Upon me, as I travel
LOVE IT!! Sometimes I struggle with a sketch, but this one had me right from the start and I knew just how I wanted to tackle it. I flipped the sketch for my take. I also used a stamp set that we will be releasing later this month as a little sneak peak for you all......you seriously are going to love this set!! Here is my card.
and graced our property
Recently I asked Radford what she was reading. Her reply:I’m almost embarrassed to admit it, but I’m currently rereading Mansfield Park for, oh, about the 87th time. I have a bit of a Jane Austen obsession. Not only is she a beautiful, timeless writer, but there is also something so soothing about her novels – that elegant sweep towards a well- ordered ending - that I reach for them a little as if they were comfort food. I always notice something new on each rereading. This time it was the brilliantly waspish way she managed to pin down a character (Mr Rushworth) in half a sentence: “He was a heavy young man, with not more than common sense...”) – a salutary lesson on the power of brevity. I did find, as usual, that I was cheering on the villains of the piece (the witty, lively, amoral Mr Crawford and his sister) while despairing at her supine goody goody of a heroine, Fanny Price. In this novel, it almost feels as though Austen is arguing against herself, painting liveliness as a dangerous quality and championing a docile, downtrodden girl who could not be further from her usual strong-minded protagonists. Elizabeth Bennett seems like a much more instinctively written, and likeable, heroine (yes, I must have read Pride and Prejudice 192 times). I’m still enjoying Mansfield Park, though – there is something so irresistible about the “triumph of the underdog” narrative running through it that I’m sure this will be far from my last rereading.
1. Have 100 sales on my Etsy shop
VATS returns, so if (like me) you’re an appalling shot in real time you can pause the action, choose a limb and let loose that way instead. Thankfully my favourite aspect from Fallout 3, the ‘Mysterious Stranger’ perk, is present and correct here as well – which helped me out on many occasions.
He looked at the door handle that he had just touched. Damn it. He touched it again to neutralise it, but that didn’t help.
The results are comical and somewhat humiliating. I can brush my hair, and my teeth, and put on most items of clothing. However, a bra is going to be tricky. For fun I tried on a sports bra one handed and it worked out ok- but it's amazing how much twisting and jiggling, and adjusting is necessary to make it fit properly with TWO working hands- much less one. I'm sure I would have won a "funniest video" award if it had been on tape...thank GOD it IS NOT on tape!
Now in the church at Antioch there were prophets and teachers: Barnabas, Simeon called Niger, Lucius of Cyrene, Manaen (who had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch) and Saul. While they were worshiping the Lord and fasting, the Holy Spirit said, “Set apart for me Barnabas and Saul for the work to which I have called them.” So after they had fasted and prayed, they placed their hands on them and sent them off.
I think that a bunch of the rest of this pattern is going to go much faster as the scales are no where near as elaborate as on the green dragon and there is sky over water which is much more solid.
To Book:
I don’t have an answer. I tweeted early on watching Belle de Jour that if someone could explain the fascination 60s French films have with these sorts of strange portrayals and glamorization of prostitution that I would buy them a drink (or cookie if booze isn’t your thing). The offer still stands. In the meantime, I will continue to hope that answers make themselves apparent over time.
My final pieces for Shipherd’s Record need to be in by Saturday, April 1. That was the deadline given by Molly Goaly, head of public relations at Olivet College. I wrote a piece about this year’s Running Night. It originally wrote it for the ECHO—geared to students—and the new version of for Shipherd’s Record—geared towards alumni. I read through the article and edited it. I am also including blurbs from alumni from the 60’s and 70’s about being Greek. Most of the alumni work at the college, but I got a couple who are out in the world. I was looking for alumni who are still involved with their houses, have careers, and who have fond memories of being Greek at Olivet College.
Is your heart filled with
I remember that the weight loss program I did before when I lost 100lbs had this rule (or at least I think that is the weight loss program I got that nugget from… there have been so many they all run together…) My intention for weighing myself monthly is prevent the emotional roller coasters I would experience (and have been) if I weighed weekly and daily. Hopefully this too will encourage me to rely more on how I feel and look to gauge the success of The Program rather than on a number. I will weigh myself on the first of every month.
Otherwise known as Gaining New Vocabulary...
Preheat the oven to 375 degree Celsius arrange the gujiyas in a oven safe greased dish and bake till golden brown from both sides.
Actually I'm sure I've heard various experts say things to the effect that you can't make things any better at this point, but you can absolutely make them worse. So in the interest of avoiding injury and tired legs, I am resisting my impulse to over-exercise and just keeping it light. I've even (pretty much) convinced myself to take two full rest days before the marathon, instead of sneaking off to the Y on Friday morning for a final shot at the elliptical. I think. Okay, I'm not completely firm on that but I am leaning toward not going. I'll probably be doing my last minute packing then anyway.
Starting right away, Android users in Korea can explore the many thousands of popular game titles available in Android Market and download them onto their devices. For paid games, purchasing is fast and convenient through direct carrier billing, which lets users in Korea easily charge their purchases to their monthly mobile operator bills.
Sofitel Los Angeles
Democrats IMMEDIATELY resorted to the worst kind of demonizing, hatred and lies:
That means that very soon, the God-ordained structure of marriage will be on trial in state and federal courts around the nation, as homosexual couples return to their states and demand to have their “marriage” recognized. The scenario we began warning about in the mid-1990s is almost upon us.
“I think that women are finally discovering, thanks to craft beer, that beer has flavor,” she says.
2. No need to heat-set, the markers are permanent
Row 15: Knit 1 stitch, knit 2 stitches together, knit 1 stitch, purl 1 stitch, knit 1 stitch, knit 2 stitches together, knit 1 stitch. (7 stitches)
Many thanks to Gemma and her colleagues at YARN who did such a good job not only in putting such a thing together - but having the confidence in such a diverse range of performers, some, like me, they'd never met. I could well imagine a Manchester equivalent - anyone for "A Taste of Honey" or "A Clockwork Orange?"
Doesn’t it feel awful when you finish a puzzle and find that there are missing pieces? I used to think so. I took a photo of this puzzle because I was going to send it to the manufacturer to see if I could get replacement pieces. Incidently, this puzzle is called, “the world’s smallest puzzle”. I think it was only like 8<U+2033> by 10<U+2033> when completed. I was cleaning not too long ago to have friends over for dinner and I moved the table. Under the leg of the table were two puzzle pieces – each not too much bigger than 1/3<U+2033> square. So, I never saw the puzzle completed, but I added the pieces to the can so that the next gullible person who completes the puzzle will get a full view.
Do not assume meanings hidden from you:
Among Loire valley wines is a Vouvray Haut Lieu Huet (1919) while the Burgundy region includes a Puligny Montrachet Referts Sauzet (1992) and Vosne Romanée Jayer (1988).
While Bush's success dwarfed most of the punk bands,
and i'm not even busy!
-Mitt Romney
Make sure you check out what my Stampin' Sisters in Christ have created for you to see, as well as read what my sister Kris has to say that will encourage your heart.
The shit hit the fan. Big time. My boss started to yell at me at the top of his lungs that how could I do such thing, how could I not believe in our client and buy a mobile phone from somewhere else... I barely remember what happened next, because when I get really angry I do the hulk thing and forget what I say, all I can remember is saying, at sort of the top of MY lungs (I didn't have any problems screaming back): well, OUR client does not make any affordable plans for a person like ME who earns ALMOST NOTHING!
Miss Squeakers: What about daddy?
HIT A public/private win
But is this a French floozy? RateBeer has it brewed by Lindenbrauerei Unna, BeerPal has it amusingly brewed by Meantime London? Who really cares? It is a little 25cl stubby of cheap lout with a French name. That’s French enough for me.
The same happened to the revolution of 1821.
He put me down for being vegetarian and mocked my passion for obtaining higher education. And yes, he proposed in a sort of “Let’s get married and you can work full-time to support me and my kids,” sort of way.
I am thankful for my life.
Vinyl rip from original LP at 320 Kbps.
Offered to stop at the drugstore for a co-worker who is home sick and couldn't get out.
We just burned our last bag of fossil fuel. The newly delivered firewood has to be stacked inside the old dog pen. It is perfect for the purpose as it has tall wood-framed sides lined in stiff wire, sitting on a dry concrete slab. I am going to put some pvc hoops across the top to form a tunneled roof support and cover them with sheet plastic. We thought about using it as a mini-greenhouse but it is better as a wood store right outside the back door. We used to burn the smokeless compressed coke that gives off tons of heat over a long period, costs a bomb, and leaves useless toxic ashes. We are now using sustainable wood that leaves a lovely ash residue. The ashes will now be used for a potassium additive in the soil.
And have chosen to slow down and be more deliberate in design and construction
While the cupcakes were cooling, I stuck on the pies, with some garlic bread, the in-laws arrived for dinner. We all sat enjoying our pies (which really were delicious!!) and catching-up. When they left at 9.30pm our sides were hurting from regaling stories from over the last few years!
English major, though I read a lot, I don’t consider myself well-read. I concentrated more on writing.
Right to assembly negated by violence
3. Food – This means the pre-planning of meals, the purchasing of the food and finally the cooking and preparation of the food.
I avoided writing blogs due to this thought and started finding reasons as inadequate time. The truth is that I used to watch movies after I was back from office though I had time to write and topics to write.
And for this treason against the dollar and its ghost (the petrol-dollar), Libya, its economy, its leader, and its people have been dealt with and decimated.
Or lay down my life with my sister and brother...
I am blessed
Mr B: Hmmm... Tomorrow is W. What starts with W... ?
Wow, two posts in two days....I am on a roll. :) This is the card I came up with for my stamp club this Friday night. I got the original idea from Becky Roberts. I just changed it into a full card.
The clip above demonstrates the living conditions becoming more widespread for retired people in California. Nobody wishes to live in their car but that is becoming the reality, and increasingly will continue to, for retirees who have been honest, honourable, hard working citizens as they watch their pensions depleted by Wall Street at the same time that landlords and care homes have to raise rents to pay the interest or dividends (sometimes both) demanded by Wall Street. The human cost is senior citizens, some of whom are disabled, living in their cars.
Middle East/Asia/Oceania Airline: El Al Matmid Club
Best of all he knows how to read me like a book, and this is what helps me the most. When I am tired and getting cranky, he will usher the kids into the other room and give me some quiet. If I am stressed and going to blow, he says "It's time to go outside to play!" and off they go so I can have a few moments of peace. When I need a break and want to go on a retreat for four days twice a year, he doesn't complain. He just kisses me when I get back and asks if I had a good time, and helps me carry in all my stuff. And then cooks me dinner ;)
In "Kamaitachi," a 1965-68 series, Hosoe allegorizes his, and Japan's, isolation. A sad clown, named for an invisible "sickle-toothed weasel," roams rural districts in a mental fog. He perches like a frog in the corner of a giant fence; he looks utterly miserable in the middle of a happy crowd. Using an actor to express a childhood self could have been awkward, even melodramatic. But Hosoe's choreography is subtle, touching, strikingly ambiguous.
In a month where people had to come to terms with police raids on media houses, Integrity Commission meltdowns, suspicious crop duster rentals from an underperforming Commissioner of Police, the murder toll climbing to 64 in 59 days, strike actions from unions, protest action from citizens about poor roads and facilities, the Prime Minister and her deck of Jokers delivered speeches that were beyond inappropriate. They were tasteless, full of sound and fury and nothing more.
Next up we have a fun bright card with a sweet reminder to remember the little things in life by Gini Williams Cagle.
I really got hacked off with the whole dérailleur set-up two years ago when sunny Portsmouth and Southsea got covered in literally millimetres of snow. It may have been as much as a whole 2 cm! The snow was still fresh when I left for work that morning so I thought I’d risk my ‘winter compound’, but still slick, road tyres. I use Continental Ultra Gatorskins if your interested, an excellent tyre in my humble opinion, despite what other fools may say. I estimate I’ve covered about 4500 miles on them with no issues, flats or otherwise. As it transpired I needn’t have worried about the tyres, I got to work with no slips or falls. The gears on the other hand were a right mess.
The gain is not a surprise, at least, not as I look back on how I ate this week. I had fast food three, maybe four times this week. I had two or three sodas to drink per day. I did not drink anywhere near enough water at work. I also had a BLT kinda week at work. If I could put it in my mouth… I did. Bites of cheese, licks of sauce, tastes of cake, and cookies. Add to that the fact that the previous week I did none of my nightly exercises, and still am not doing my sit ups and push ups again.
What's been interesting me lately, is how other people have the power to make you feel a certain way. Perhaps I am alone in this, but I feel like my whole being changes depending on who is around me. With some people, I feel like a strident maniac. Around others, I feel myself recoil, my voice becoming almost shy and unsure. Some people make me feel like I have to lead and be in charge. Some people make me feel girlish and superficial. Others make me feel butch. Some people make me feel stupid, others make me feel irritatingly pompous. Answer me this, readers: does this happen to you as well? There are very few people who I can be around, and feel, simply, myself. This A guy made me feel extremely comfortable and at ease, and he seemed to be a very generous and kind spirit. He came with me to collect my student card from the office, and as I was screwing around trying to open the enveloppe, he took my stuff off me so I could do it properly. I really appreciate little gestures like that. Then he was craning his neck trying to read the blurb, and had a few questions about how to register, how to get a French phone, etc. I just found him very touching.
becomes less
There seems to be a continuous battle between negative and positive thoughts in your mind. And the truth is that the winner of that battle is a reflection of your current life situation. Whether your situation is amazing, or not very good it is a result of who wins the battle in between your ears.
riches
The PS Publishing Independent Press Award:
Off I went into the surgery and up to the reception desk.
So? what have I been up to this week I hear you ask?
In the mean time, for any of you with a computer (yeah that's all of us) here's a spin on the Abbot and Costello classic "Who's on First" that is downright hilarious. Click here to read it. Your funny bone will be glad you did!
She explained: ‘I think that there’s complacency and apathy throughout our country, and we think the Environmental Protection Agency is going to come and save our butts on these types of problems’.
Call it double indemnity.
Vegan Options: Vegetarian Chili
Mr Wight was called as a Crown witness formally, but this as a courtesy to Mr Sheridan. After confirming his details to the prosecutor, Mr Sheridan began what was, in effect, cross examination of Mr Wight. However he too was not asked the detailed and precise questions a professional advocate would have done, and was not pinned down on areas where otherwise there might have been difficulties.
Peter Amor takes his bow-tie to Elgoods, a brewery like you have truly never seen before, that's over 200 years old. The young whippersnappers who took it over are now in their fifth generation, and there's a lovely laid-back feel to Peter's brewery chat.
The endless production of tomatoes (not only from my own garden, but also the garden at the farm) has changed that. I have found myself with so many tomatoes that I just didn't know what to do with them all. One can only use so much salsa, pasta sauce, plain sauce, pizza sauce, and tomato soup. I found myself searching for something else to make use of these glorious, red orbs and landed on Tomato Jam.
and went through all sorts of heartaches
At Serenity Falls we found a beautiful waterfall as well as some rental cabins. One of the cabins was right at the base of the waterfall. That, of course, was too big a temptation for Betsy and me, so we just had to book a few nights at Serenity Falls.
Then, of course, I'm moving too slow. I'm moving too fast and now they think I'm going without them. I stepped on someone's hat. I dressed that one first, and this one wanted to go first. This one is screaming at me. This one is going for a time-out.
Feb 28 Model ASEAN Summit opens
The application has failed to start because the side-by-side configuration is incorrect. Please see the application event log for more details.
YANCEY
Although I've removed my artwork from my car, I've been thinking about re-doing it! What do you think? What should I paint on my car next?
It worked too, as the bike fired right up, held an idle, and even held a nice low rpm idle with no choke after it warmed up. It takes throttle well too. So of course, I grabbed my helmet and realized I was going to actually ride Salty for the first time. I was never able to get it running well enough to want to try.
In Hawaii, there are many of the local people who can’t understand the words in the King James Version of the Bible. For these people, the Bible has been translated into Pidgin English. Pidgin English originated as a form of communication used between native and non-native English speakers in Hawaii. It supplanted the Pidgin Hawaiian language used on the plantations and elsewhere in Hawaii. It has been influenced by many languages, including Portuguese, Hawaiian, and Cantonese. It also has been influenced to a lesser degree by the Spanish spoken by Mexican and Puerto Rican settlers in Hawaii. Today, most people raised in Hawaii can speak and understand Pidgin to some extent.
Architecture and design are central to Faler’s work and fascination. This began full force in a design course that highlight the restraints dictated on the practitioners by the subjects of creation out of necessity for functionality. What if functionality were messed with a little?
In fact, they should strive to improve environmental conditions through the capital that they acquire. Obviously they shouldn’t feel obligated, although if the business becomes economically successful throughout the duration of their venture, I see no reason why they couldn’t allocate some of their financial security towards enhancing the communities they operate in. In my mind, it is especially evident and critical in countries and communities that are less fortunate. I would also say that this is generally where businesses envision maximum potential for sustained growth and interaction.
pepperoni slices (optional)
Sunroom contractors are the getaway to construct just the right kind of sunroom for your home. Whether you have just a corner to spare or a littered space to construct your sunroom, the sunroom contractors make things easy for you. They construct the sunroom in such a way that you can use it for your best purpose and needs. Consult with them to keep the budget limited to your pockets.
3 numbers
I'm so excited! I'll take pictures of everything tomorrow to share with everyone!
“Soviet Russia Jokes”
He rises
-our babies haven't pooped in almost 24 hours! (Go ahead, you can laugh. We have now learned that it takes a LOT longer than that to get a dr concerned...little Elliana is an every 3-dayer.)
SueAnn
1/2 cup red or yellow bell pepper (cut into thin strips)
“Huh!” Trish laughed. “It’s so weird how he calms down whenever you tough him.”
I have no grand plans for this person, we will probably stay in touch 'cause it was a fun night... It was enjoyable in the moment. I don't need for it to be anything else.
But anyway, after my little rant on twitter came a tidal wave of fury like I've never seen before. The last time I got so many replies was when I dyed my hair pink which for some reason made people feel like they need to let me know what they think of it.
And if there happens to be a butterfly?
And then I came to this senior photo taken in late 2010 and posted by Will:
I can't seem to get in enough stitching right now. Every free moment I'm stitching away at something. I've got 2 scarves done and working on a 3rd, finished a baby blanket and have completed 3 pairs of booties. Pictures will be coming soon but here's an advanced sneak peek at some of it.
Entered for the following challenges:
(Oh drats! I just realized I could add Mark Lipinski, but I can't find the picture. You'll just have to take my word for it! He was here for Quilt Canada in 2010)
If you have a blog, congratulations! Get personal and describe what receiving the Night of Hope award means to you and your work. Also take the time to list and congratulate the other award winners.
I fumble with the door key, trusting that he is who he indicates he is. Trusting on my sixth sense that automatically assures me his is ‘okay’.
So I've been bad. I was supposed to write a post but I was once again pulled into playing TF2 again by some of my crew. I don't even know why they started up again, but I guess it's just something to play for the time being. Things are seriously different now that they have the store and trading. I keep getting hounded by people just so they can try to collect hats. One guy offered me 8 weapons for me to give him my Soldiers helm that I got for being the one person to actually buy worms reloaded. Turned him down, if he wanted the hat so bad he could just go buy the dam game himself.
Dearest Emily
See, here I go and I totally apologize for this rant. I am really sorry about this. I get annoyed with this topic because it just seems like the next thing. Oh, what, world hunger is no longer important? Poverty isn’t a big deal? They’re all connected, but human trafficking is the big thing going around right now. It’s like, don’t you realize that there are other people struggling in this world? I just said that all those things are connected, yes, but there’s a disconnect in there somewhere too.
You can purchase mini-bottles of polishes from GlitterFest here on Etsy. Most bottles are $4.25. I currently don't see New York Minute available, but maybe it's just out of stock right now. GlitterFest is another fun shop I've discovered on Etsy.. there are so many cute polish shops opening now!! :)
It seems that my 14lbs of baby has grown to almost 47lbs in the past year! My, oh my, where has time gone? In the past year they have gone from 8-12 feedings and diaper changes in a day, to big boys who eat all types of big people food and whole milk in a sippy cup, with only 6 diaper changes/day. They sleep from 7pm-7am without getting up and take two 1.5 hour naps each day. Colton has six teeth and Caden has two teeth. Colton can take six steps alone at a time and Caden, well, he just has no interest in walking on his own, but loves to walk holding onto furniture.
Abigail's first sentence - she was about this same age, I believe - was "Please give the baby the papi (her word for pacifier)" or something very close to that.
Other than that I'm gearing up for Thanksgiving, looking forward to some downtime at work and some upcoming days off, and just all around enjoying the season!
Pattern is pull homme #3 from the phildar #046 bo basics magazine. My mods are really obvious - the big gorgeous collar that makes the whole thing - gone.
Planned Mileage This Week: 25
Ryan Speier - 0.8 WAR = 0 points
This tutorial is photo intensive, as I show you not only how to make the fan but the card as well! Please click on the images to see them at full size to follow along with the instructions. (To do this simultaneously, right click on the image, then Open in New Window or Tab)
But surprise, they will not share the couscous plate the same way; the first guest, because they have contributed more to the plate, will now take 48% of the whole
Not mentioned by Gribben, but the best fictional take on his theory that I have read was The Number of the Beast by Robert A Heinlein in which four interdimensional travellers navigate through a multiverse with three spacial dimensions and three time dimensions, creating a total of six which can be raised to the par of six to the par of six... creating a multiverse based on the biblical number of the beast.
I have one "Little Fella" stamp set to give away to one lucky person! All you need to do is leave a comment on this post – please be sure to include your e-mail address so I can contact you if you win! You have until midnight on February 19th to leave a comment. I will post the winner here on Monday, February 20th.
Awe. Poor us. Poor me. Poor world. I have no clue where this bug came from. I had been taking my herbal pills, and drinking my healthy green barley juice, before I got sick.
1 teaspoon grated lemon zest (okay, so I didn’t have a lemon. I used clementine zest instead…)
*not all in one go.
This isn’t something to hold against them – it’s a story repeated across the country and cause for sympathy. But it’s one of the reasons why the club must be such a source of pride to its fans.
New stories and poems coming up and yes...another series is in the pipeline!!!
If nothing else, I see my blog as my way of not only sharing my love for cinema, but also nurturing and furthering dialogue about the arts. Also, I do use it to promote my writing outside of the blog; it is my life, after all.
While one may argue that Flit only did the right thing in preparation for a future conflict, Kio’s story felt off the tangent when compared with Flit and Asemu’s. I mean, both Flit and Asemu were motivated to fight while Kio was simply instructed by his gramps to do so. For some reason, it’s as if Kio has been treating this entire ordeal as a game. One that his gramps made him play when he was younger. One where he takes the lives of human beings as per the game’s requirement.
Now that’s over, we can start the summary of the awesometacular book. Go!
Welcome back cool air and cold temperature!
Am I a soldier of the cross,
Finding John Christmas ... Hallmark Channel ... 4 AM
SO, “LOOSE” ISN’T A BAD THING WHEN IT LEADS TO BEING FREE FROM THE PRISON OF THE SELFISH CHOICES OF OUR PREVIOUSLY ROTTING AND STINKING LIVES!!!
We listened to a recording of our performance at the Unitarian Fellowship on February 1. And sat there in silence afterward for a long, long time.
What do you say?
Nic loved it though and was SO glad we went.
“Dead Flesh” is Book One in The Kiera Hudson Series Two.
It was a good week here. There is always so much happening. A week I wouldn’t trade for a million bucks. I hope you all had a great week and a relaxing and wonderful weekend. God Bless you all!!
I cut myself deeply while slicing
He said that although the official trade from South Africa was legal, it would stimulate an illegal market for lion bones and derivatives that would affect wild carnivores in all African range states.
A Maternal Health Crisis – Approximately, 1000 women die each day from complications during pregnancy
Coffee shops have a way of drawing almost every type of person. As I waited in line, I saw a group of men in business suits, a woman who had obviously been jogging before her stop here, and a young college student getting ready to study for exams at a nearby table. I looked around the room for Mrs. Seeley, the woman I was meeting with today, and glimpsed her colorful hat on the other side of the room.
The speaker behind the metal grille crackled unpleasantly in reply.
What I love about The Elephant House is that it has resisted turning its focus from saving elephants to the subject that has made it famous globally – and just in case you are unaware, this is the cafe that JK Rowling found warmth and inspiration when she was initially writing the tale of the now famous wizard – it is now known as the birthplace of Harry Potter .
2.Floyd County Rambler - Step Stone
By the time we got back to the hotel, we were exhausted. Physically and emotionally. But, very thankful that we made the trip.
As a music consultant, I push to the artists I work with to dress to success, hype up the strengths but also let others see you for what they want on a higher level. For example, if you have a run of 3 dates a week for a full month and you are putting out there that you are listing your schedule for the month, that is a very impressive schedule. Now if you go and do the same thing and name it a tour, it is ok and while it might impress some friends and fans, the industry and industry folk, might actually see it as weak.
Tips on a 9v Adapter
Breathe (Reprise) 1'15
“Try again please!” Brulee said.
IKEA DID A JOB ON YOU:
And the holly's, that never will pass,
Direction: 3/5
Say what!? We didn't have to pay as much as we thought in taxes!? Thank you 3rd child exemption - Jesus is Lord! Fried Pies... that's right... 49 cents.
Octavia Spencer, The Help
Regardless of who making their beer - it is local and I whole heartily recommend trying them when enjoying a meal at Wingers restaurants. They are all familiar, enjoyable and solid beers.
I re-read the Houston speech this afternoon. A lot of religious people – including a lot of Catholics – think that JFK got it all wrong, that he did more harm than good in advocating a radical (maybe erroneously interpreted) separation of Church and State. I am really curious if there were any American Catholics at the time who disagreed with this speech, and I haven’t been able to find an answer.
We got our coals hot, but not as hot as you’d want for burgers or steak. I guess the best way to achieve this is to use less charcoal and spread it evenly on the bottom of the grill after it’s hot. We just bought one of those grill towers that speeds up the burning of the coals and it’s proven to be a good investment so far. For a gas grill, just set it to low.
(d) disseminate the results among development policymakers, scholars, and practitioners; and
At age eleven Taylor Markham was abandoned by her mother. At fourteen, she ran away from boarding school, only to be tracked down and brought back by a mysterious stranger. Now seventeen, Taylor's the reluctant leader of her schools underground community, whose annual territory war with the Townies and visiting Cadets has just begun. This year, though, the Cadets are lead by Jonah Griggs, and Taylor can't avoid his intense gaze for long. To make matters worse, Hannah, the one adult Taylor trusts, has disappeared. But if Taylor can piece together the clues Hannah left behind, the truth she uncovers might not just settle her past, but also change her future.
The tag line on this ad is "The name on the tip of her tongue is Petti." Rather a provocative image for a 1961 women's magazine, and that's a rather provocative swimsuit! Petti of Encino offered this cotton sharkskin suit in junior sizes. The front lacing is adjustable and the suit had an inner bra. Suit sold in 1961 for $17 (about $132 in today's dollar.)
The Bersih rally for free and fair elections was “peaceful” and “festive”, international observers said today, adding that those who turned up were “challenging the shadow of fear.”
Good deeds pay back better.
9:00 PM: Sleep
What started out as a simple case of Athlete’s Foot (in me, not the dog – no athletics required) decided to blow itself up (almost literally) into something much worse. It got infected and turned my foot into a painful red balloon. Squeezing on my boot was pathetically like an elephant trying to put on Cinderella’s delicate glass slipper.
I’ve become just a little bit fascinated over the last few years with the rise in the number of TV shows portraying Asperger’s Syndrome and the way they are going about it. Sometimes they get it oh so right and sometimes they get it oh so wrong. So who are your favourite Aspie TV characters and which shows do you think are getting it right and why?
Boy Weasel was a Wiseman and when he was up on stage I told Julio that he was my boy. Julio was impressed at how grown up Boy Weasel was, "That's your kid? He has a beard!".
You are an amazing husband, caring for me as the weaker vessel, pushing me towards Christ-likeness. You are an amazing Daddy, constantly putting the needs of our boys ahead of your own. You're their example of what it is to be a godly man, and they are blessed to have you. You are an amazing leader, pastoring our church family, humbly, realizing that the job God has bestowed on you is nothing to take lightly. But you also lead with confidence, because of the One who lives in you.
Actually, I bet it really means accepting any bribe. But maybe there's an exception for husbands and wives. :-)
Skirt:: gift (loool, all of my things are gifts!)
The truck came on Tuesday morning! Dane, Kegan, Quinlan and my Dad spent the next several hours stacking, cramming, balancing, re-stacking, and finally shutting the door on all our earthly possessions! Whew!! What a day!
Part of the reason man and woman’s divinity is so debated is because many believe that we were created under the angels because of sloppy translation. For instance, in Psalms 8:4-5 which reads according to the King James Version of the Bible:
Laura: You can still put it on your blog or on Facebook, if you want.
So how does one go about choosing the most appropriate doctrine for their new faux-religion?
Although various sorts of violence-related terrorist acts continue in Pakistan and these have intensified in Karachi, yet sectarian violence which is part of the same game also needs our focus.
It's always interesting to look back at where you've been, and to think about the conversations that took place, and to ask why...The places that I've been, the people that I've conversed with, the place where I was spiritually; it's obvious to me that God has been speaking to me, and for once in my life, I've actually been able to "hear" Him. What a great feeling it is to be content!
In reply to me telling a friend of a friend that from 2013 adopted children will get the same priority as Looked After Children in the school system...."That's not fair! Why should your daughter get priority over mine?" "Ummmm because she's had a much tougher start in life and needs all the help she can get....."
The first thing I want to mention is the simple space that is available in the Dragon Chow bag. I have included a picture of the seven sets of dice that I now have at my disposal. Keen observers will notice that four d10s are missing from the photo; I left them at our gaming host’s house and I will not get them back until later this week. (I really thought about holding off on taking the picture until the weekend, but I pushed through that nagging attention to detail!).
As a survivor of childhood sexual abuse and a daughter of a foster child, I know this is God's purpose for me. My life experiences are my testimony. They allow me to be able to look a child in the face and know EXACTLY how they feel and understand in my heart how important it is for me to stand up for that child when no one else will. Dont forget...Kids in CPS care could be your neighbor, your child's best friend in school, on the soccer team, your relative..child abuse knows no color, race or gender..it doesn't discriminate..
Try any of these fairytale wedding favor ideas and you’ll easily take the princess crown as the fairest one of all!
After some light breakfast in the hangar we … went back to the ranger station to watch a movie about the park. What else to do? It was still raining so the airplanes didn’t fly. All we could do is wait for the weather to clear. After that movie there was a bit heavy lunch at the Bettles Lodge and then another movie. A movie about an older guy who hiked and the paddled all the way from Canada till the mouth of Yukon river. It took him time and money to organize this sort of trip. He actually went over that pass in Arrigetch peaks that we, at this point,were not going to. Suddenly the weather cleared a bit and we were off to the Circle Lake – our starting point.
Fundraising programs offer up a great opportunity for the public to show their support for all different types of causes. This Saturday, April 21, 2012, another fundraising event will be held in Oklahoma City. The YMCA of Oklahoma City will be organizing a marathon to help victims of sexual assault in the community.
I just received my copy a couple of weeks ago, and I am so proud to be part of Matthew's beautiful book (I wrote some stories and my little Sophie makes an appearance via her playhouse). be sure to pick it up via Amazon.com and Amazon.ca. It is a really gorgeous book!
I can swim, but hubby trained with a proper squad and cuts through the water like a shark.
And the Telegraph’s Nick Collins stayed in touch with a piece pointing out that ‘Until now, any public figure who believed they may have been subject to illegal tapping could request a summary of references to them in the mass of evidence siezed from private investigator Glenn Mulcaire in August 2006. But now the Metropolitan Police have announced they will no longer distribute the evidence unless people can convince them there are “reasonable grounds” for believing their voicemails were accessed without authorisation.’
--Wendy (wmcswain)
A few weeks ago we had our baptism class, and by we, I mean me, Scott and Summer, and Julie, Ben and the twins. Oh, and I think there maybe might have been one other couple with a little 3-month-old peanut there. And by class, I mean a get together where we blew into a stranger’s house like a tornado, crawled all over their furniture, stuck fingers in their VCR, screamed high pitched screams at them for no reason and ate all of their food while the other couple and their little bebe sat quietly in the corner stunned and frozen as they got a brief glance at their near future. Muah ah ah. They looked scared. The couple that hosted the class was awesome, had a few grown children of their own, and had a plan for how the hour would go… a plan that was blown to smithereens the moment we all arrived. At one point, the wife pulled something out of one of the packets of info we all were given and started…
Decked out in a black cowboy hat, lavender shirts, silver-tipped boots and championship buckles, he burned up the highways racing from one rodeo town to another.
I'm sure Conor thinks I'm nuts for making these and he's probably right, but they cheered me up anyway. I got the pattern off the WEN website and they are very simple to make and actually very comfortable to wear too!!
Basically, Wolfmother is an energetic, booze filled epic journey of badassness. The album opens with Colossal, a not-so-suggestive-at-all-named track which sets the tone for the entire record. You know from its first chords what to expect, and that, in my opinion, is a pretty fucking nice thing for an album that is not meant to be taken seriously. I like my things neat and clear.
Hamas Leader Khaled Mash’al Praises Sheik Yousef Al-Qaradhawi for His Support of Suicide Operations and States: The Holocaust Was Exaggerated and Is Used to Extort Germany. Zionist Holocaust against Arabs Much Worse.
I am a BIG, BIG fan of Mo Willems. I am. So I was so excited to read Hooray for Amanda & Her Alligator. I was happy to discover six (and a half) stories about a little girl, Amanda, and her best friend, a stuffed toy alligator. It was wonderful to see how many stories highlight Amanda's love for reading. Willems' shares with readers the titles of Amanda's library books: How to Raise a Tiger, Whale Songs for Beginners, Climbing Things for Fun and Profit, and You Can Make It Yourself: Jet Packs! (I thought the titles were clever--my favorites being Climbing Things for Fun and Profit and You Can Make It Yourself: Jet Packs!) The stories are just fun and imaginative and--at times--sweet.
Sweet memories from the past.
where the breath inside its god
Be a neutral observer. When a situation occurs, don’t immediately judge it. Take a deep breath and take yourself out of it. Try to see it from multiple angles.
But that's not all!
Babygirl and Hubby drove the 150 mile round-trip through that snowstorm to the local kidney center for blood work this morning. The good news was, of course, that we didn't have to drive the 380 mile round-trip to CHOP in that same snowstorm. The local trip can be finished by 11 AM. The CHOP trip starts the night before and gets us home by about 3 PM. We are currently looking at one CHOP (Monday AM appointment) trip and one local (Thursday AM lab draw) trip each per week. Hubby and I are taking turns, so I'll be heading back to Philly on Sunday afternoon.
He restores my soul;
Here's where else we tasted at in Walla Walla:
Some time ago I wrote about the Top 10 book endings. Recently I’ve been thinking about the Top 10 book openings; a ‘top 10' which I found particularly difficult. I used the following criteria: the top 10 lines would be those I easily recalled, (meaning they were especially memorable), or they would be the lines which had most made me want to keep reading.
Here is the most exciting news for me. I will soon be contributing twice monthly articles to an online magazine in a section devoted to promoting the area I live in. Since I will be living in Newfoundland I will write about all I do, the people I meet and the places I visit. I will include photos and can even include videos and paintings and poetry. This is a nice paying position that will enable to me to write and work at home on all my other projects! With both kids going to school in the fall full time I shall devote all my energy to writing and books of all sorts shall soon be published.
7. Plaintiffs replead by reference the foregoing allegations.
We also hear a lot about the strategic plan but in terms of impact on representatives we are still looking, though I sense that it has had a lot of internal effect. I shall be looking forward to some technological changes soon and do hope these will include an e-filable MM2, as well as finding out if eSearch Plus will ever come out of Beta. For those of us making our way to Washington for the INTA annual meeting Booth 323 should be worth a visit
even I have fucking redie red hair! lol
Reunited with "The Kid," Mallory and Joan are almost goners, but it all works out in THE END! Double Bonus, "The Key" and "Tower Of London" are on a double feature Boris Karloff DVD that is available on Netflix!! It's a no brainer!!
In a large, deep skillet, heat the quarter cup of olive oil over medium heat. Add the kale stems and cook for two to three minutes, or until they are softened. Add the onion and garlic and sprinkle with a small amount of salt. Then add the water and cook this mixture until the vegetables are thoroughly tender but not mushy, about ten minutes. You will need to stir this mixture as it gets to the end of the cooking time to prevent the vegetables from sticking to the pan.
as your voice succumbs to moans and screams
THE POP COP: What are your thoughts on playing gigs in Scotland?
When I'm around her I can't help but be happy - that's the sort of friend we all need. She is quiet but has a sunny personality. She's a traveller and wants to see the world.
Saints took a slice of vocal euphoria from her "Cloudbusting" hit
“We now have Mrs.Barney in our midst! I haven’t seen her, but I’m told she haunts low bars in red pyjamas and talks to everyone at the top of her voice. I can’t see what it matters whether she actually slew the young drug-fiend or not, – they ought to have hung a woman like that on principle.”
Christine Mavis Golton (Lib Dem) 208
The airline, which has angered consumer groups with its pioneering charges for carry-on baggage and $5 fee for having a boarding pass printed at the airport, claim the no-refunds approach allows the airline to pass savings on to customers.
Myth #2 – Massachusetts judges work minimal hours
The ones that make my eyes burn with newly forming tears.
The children of a great king are not kept waiting at their father’s door as strangers are.
Hittin’ it hard on hump day!
The Hymenoptera includes bees, wasps, and ants. Although my garden also provides amply for ants, we'll stick with the bees and wasps today. Following are some of the few portaits I've been able to capture of the many visitors to my gardens. The pollinator magnet, Pycnanthemum, Mountain-mint, in the Lamiaceae, provides the stage for many of these photos. I'm always amazed at the variety and abundance of insect activity it attracts when blooming.
Planning is the ability to tap into the mind of God and gather the necessary details on how the vision He gave you will be implemented. It requires you to carefully do your research so you can effectively support and communicate the assumptions you make throughout the plan based upon the revelations that the Lord has given you.
- Some of us wake up in middle of night to see if we have mentions in Twitter
With Agarwal falling early, and the gap between the rate scored and the rate required gaping wider by the over, I left, confident that with Ansari yet to bowl, Cambridge’s total was safe. Oxford were bowled out for 212 in the 48th over, Ansari’s figures 10-2-19-0 (economy rate 1.90).
Fire Update
Ha-ha! Good question. When I wrote ‘The Highland Dancer’ the whole thing unfolded before my eyes like a film and I just wrote it down. With Magnus Fin it was mostly like that – but with a good deal of re-writing and editing to knock it into shape.
In addition, Amazon Prime members can currently rent Provex City for free from the Kindle Lending Library! In order for me to put it into the Lending Library, I had to make Provex City exclusive to Amazon for at least 3 months. At some point I will take it off the Lending Library so I can upload Provex City to the Barnes & Noble website and the iBookstore. So take advantage of renting Provex City for free while you can!
When we landed, we drove right to my office, as I keep a spare pump there so I don’t have to schlep it back and forth every day. Once we got there, I could not figure out how to get in off hours – all the doors were locked and there was no security. (On Monday, I asked my boss and found out how, but it isn’t an obvious way.)
I was on the phone to him later that week. He'd been for a trip out to the seaside with Lara and another couple. He was talking about how he'd sat on the beach with them. I was really moved by what he said.
And within next two years tremendous Sarika has been in nine ads of Banglalink. Consequently, she has also plunged into acting in the small screen. As an emerging star, Sarika is a very busy performer of the time.
Vessels God uses are vessels not contaminated by the ways of the world.
For the next 5 years or so, social media marketing maniacs will be hitting us over the head with the new poster child of social media marketing -- the Old Spice campaign. Like them, I believe this campaign is terrific and will continue to be extremely successful. However, there are two things we need to remember about it:
15-Is it better to give or to receive?
12 tbsp softened
This occurs less than a week after SMRT trains are hit by a series of ‘minor’ disruptions in service.
What do you keep in your freezer for emergency meals?
I was indeed able to do some rewrites on this chapter. I didn't take anything out, I just added a few bits in here and there. I was able to do it yesterday after waking up at 7AM. I need to wake up that early more often. I got more done in a few hours than I have this week. Anyway, in this chapter we get something that I think we've been lacking. PLOT DEVELOPMENT. OH BOY. We also get some suave southern gentleman but we got that before anyway.
-sustainable
I wanted beer and The Craft Beer Co, in Clerkenwell, as my first port of call in my mini London pub tour was going to provide it.. Much has been written about it (Mr Dredge , Mr Tandleman and Mr Ghost Drinker cover it well) since it opened a couple of months ago. It's the sister pub of the Cask Pub and Kitchen in Pimlico and in it's short time trading, Craft Beer Co has managed to attract a keen following drawn to it's huge and eclectic collection of home grown and international cask and keg beer.
W. G. Sebald – I’m curious about this writer
You might also enjoy these spaghetti squash recipes:
The other night, I had a dream that represents how I feel about all of this. I was driving along a road that followed a small river through a beautiful, green valley, with farmland on either side. After following the road for a while, I lost track of what I was doing and ended up driving in a straight line through a field. I was going faster and faster, and was becoming afraid because I was straying so far from the road and I was afraid I would get hurt. Just as I was about to wonder if I would ever get back onto the road, I saw a stand of tress up ahead that looked like they might have a path leading through the stand back onto the road. I started to relax, and eventually reached the path. As I slowly made my way through the trees, I saw a car seat under a tree. I got out to take a closer look, and found a baby - maybe six months old - in the seat, uncovered, whimpering and shivering, and almost dead. I immediately picked the baby up and held it close, covering it with my coat and rubbing it gently to try to get his heart and blood warmed up. Eventually, other people came to help - the farmer, a doctor, some other drivers - but I simply refused to give the baby up. I was convinced that I was doing the right thing and that the comfort of my arms and unconditional love I was able to provide would heal the baby quickly and thoroughly. In a few more minutes, the baby was doing better, the whimpers turned to coos, and the tears turned to small sniffles. And then I woke up, knowing that the baby turned out to be okay in the end.
Here's the first sneak:
Now let me give you a little background on my friends house. This is a house in which four girls live; they never lock their garage, they never lock their back door, and they have a lot of lawn furniture and two bicycles that sit unlocked in their unfenced back yard. Not to jink them, but these girls have never had their house broken into, and have never had anything stolen from their back yard or garage. So, I'm figuring it's a safe bet to leave my bike in their backyard, so much so that I don't even lock up my bike (my fault) for a night.
changes will be dramatic, giving “the State Executive Committee the power to choose candidates in any and every county anywhere in the entire state.” When Marano quit the party last year he said only MacKay and another member control the parties money. It took 3 trials to convict John Gotti. It is doubtful if MacKay will ever see the inside of a court room for corrupting the Independence Party. The city DA's who count on the Independence party and corrupt pols to get reelect will never set up sting operations and wire taps like the feds did when that caught Kruger, Boyland, Mclaughlin, Seminerio and many others in the act of committing crimes.
x j
www.sangivane.com rudhram@gmail.com – FEEL THE ENERGY.
Today was a good day. Actually, we've had mostly good days for over a week now. They talk about the NICU roller coaster, so we are wondering when he is going to have a down day again. For me, a planner, this is one of the toughest things about the NICU - not knowing what is going to happen tomorrow, much less weeks from now. For now, his doctors seem pleased with his progress. There are two big, general areas of concern for most preemies at this age - respiration and feeding/nutrition. We get daily updates from the nurses and his doctor regarding his progress, what they'd like to see happening next, and what is coming up with his care.
*From Mark Lowrey: Tuesday, January 31st, 2012. Price: $3. Mark kicks off a new series at downtown Kansas City's Czar Bar. Each Tuesday, Mark hosts a rotating lineup of some of Kansas City's finest jazz, improv, electronic, and classical musicians for a special, unpredictable night of music and fun.
earlier this week, i painted an antique refrigerator...brooke rescued this refrigerator before it was headed to the goodwill pile (from her in-laws, so it was a family piece), and she had a vision! we used inspiration from the restoration hardware catalog, and i really kind of just played with washes and finishes until we came to a place that felt right for the piece. i wish you guys could see the rest of the room that this piece is now in...it's really beautiful! brooke has great taste, and i can't wait to show you the piece once she has it all decorated. :)
8. It's a Long Way To the Top- AC/DC
Since I don't have the time or energy to download photos to catch up on what's been going on the past few weekends, I thought I would just focus on me for a moment. What is going on with me.
The wiry officer pulled a plastic bag out of his pants pocket and approached the gun. He faltered and let out a little shriek when the stone burst and flew right at his face. “What the fuck,” Jackson reached for his own gun.
Mark 2:12 And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We never saw it on this fashion.
“I guess it was meant to be flattering. I guess it was meant to portray me as tough. But even if you’re tough enough to start your day with a meal of deadly poisonous insects, it’s not something you particularly want to do. You don’t seek it out. You do it because there’s no other honorable option” – p. 11 (NY.’s “Evening Numbers,” 10/24).
Driver-friendly and Simple operation
And in a large part because of this blog, my writing is getting better (at least that’s what I like to think!) Over the last year I’ve experimented with a bunch of new techniques and styles, from comedy in The Yellow Brick Road to gothic suspense in The Bloody Chamber. I had fun speculating on canon scenes in What Sarah Said and Dead in the Woods. I even got to make Federico García Lorca a vampire in Death in Disguise and have Pam and Sookie come visit me in my Home Sweet Home story The Fog. I’m still surprised by how popular the extra True Blood scene The Kiss has been. I’d do each one of these stories a little differently now, but they were all a ton of fun and great writing experience in one way or another.
The red bus takes you around the city. It is a hop on, hop off set up and comes around to the stops every 15 minutes. It is a very cool way to see the city because the top level of the bus has no roof, so I do suggest a hat and sunblock on sunny days.
We had some great down time.
”Say uncle” is an expression here in the US used when two people are fighting and the person with the upper hand is trying to get the other one to concede defeat by saying, “uncle.”
Jaws
Izzie’s- ive never actually tried anything from Izzies and was a great way to branch out for me. They look so realistic and the lips are ultra cool. The shimmery glittery eyeshadow is pretty awesome! – WHO DOESNT LOVE GLITTER?! I know i do!
As one of the male characters begins his diatribe about how Americans’ ideas of “relaxing,” are working themselves to the bone all week just so they can lay around in their pajamas on weekends, drink six packs of miller light, and watch other people live their lives on TV- he presents to the audience the concept of la dolce far niente, or the sweetness of doing nothing.
Once Henry VIII came to the throne, the codpiece became an art form. It was exaggerated to amazing proportions. It was often stuffed with a padding called bombast – a word now used to mean pompous and pretentious. It was puffed and boned and slashed and sometimes heavily ornamented. It became so large that it was often used to conceal a weapon or to hide jewels. (Hence a man’s genitalia being known as ‘the family jewels’.) Armour at this time followed the fashion and metal codpieces were added to the best full harnesses.
*”Come on. Lane couldn’t close a car door.”
A smooth civilised track gave us false hopes about how easy it would be to climb the mountain, we soon realised that to get to the top would require ascending a rocky slope between two large outcops of granite. The climb was well worth it and we spent a good hour or more surveying the landscape and trying to work out which mountain was which before climbing down and heading home.
The long passed Charlemagne would never have allowed a claim of Royal title ahead of a Throneless heart of the EU European Empire and probably led to this inspired backlash. Doubtless the greatest among that era would not tolerate a smaller area led by one of his distant scions to ATTACK Germany (how could they?). Claim sovereignty over what that one still considers sovereign territory via the EU.
05. Serve The Servants
The backs of these cards contain typical statistics, bio information and a cartoon.
Topic: Revised data protection rules: impact for businesses?
Carnivore
We were expecting a snow storm (you know that east coast storm you are probably still hearing about, flights canceled, snow not getting cleared fast enough, football games getting postponed, nation of wussies) and I needed to go to the store. Of course the whole east coast population was there because they were out of milk too. Weird.
Random, semi-associated thought: Wouldn’t it be nice if we could extend to ourselves the love, acceptance and generosity of spirit that we all feel for our daughters? What kind of women would we be? And what kind women would we raise? They are important questions worth considering. Happy Day to all you Mom’s out there…
And, honestly, so many of those exciting things get buried in all that waiting and writing that I often tend to forget them and what they were like. Keeping a journal with lots of exclamation points is helpful. I think the biggest highlight for me is getting my book delivered to me, and I finally get to hold it, touch it, read it. For me, then it is real. I don't think I'd fare well with eBook only. It's so intangible. So getting my physical book is probably one of the most exciting things - even more than release day. Getting my final cover is also very exciting and memorable.
Are you a puppet? Of course we do not want to think that we are a puppet, we have free will, and decide our own future, our own actions. We are not controlled by anyone or anything!
Geneva in Switzerland is worth a visit as many international groups such the United Nations and International Red Cross are located in Geneva. Many tourists head to this skiing destination in winter, when the Swiss Alps are covered with mantles of white snow. You can enjoy living in the ski resorts and skiing on the famous Alps.
– Because the police don’t talk to me, people think that I am mad – said the girl.
This coherent and elegant presentation of iconic black and white images from six masters of light and composition is well worth a visit. Highlights of the exhibition include
My in-laws joined us this weekend (as they often do). We don't get to spend much time with them, so it was nice to have them along. The boys are crazy about them, and they were a huge help to us. They took the boys hiking on Saturday so that Scott & I (and his niece) could bike the Virginia Creeper Trail. We had taken the boys on the trail on Friday, and they did well, but certainly weren't up for it two days in a row.
We really want to hear from our listeners on what you would like to hear from us. Please email us or comment on the blog or call our voicemail line and let us know what you’d like to hear from us.
You drill a quarter inch hole in the back
There are numerous school closings and
Look down from the sky
18. bb&c - The Veil
Other public bike art featured in this article, has been removed, such as the mural by Mandy Bouriscot which graced the lobby of the now-demolished, old Mount Pleasant Community Centre. Maybe the mural will resurface somewhere else one day.
From the sketch you can see that I used brads as an accent. While making my actual card an idea popped into my head that I should try using the Beautiful Wings embosslit so I used the little butterflies instead of brads. I added some sparkle to my butterflies and to the dots on the olive circle because I just can't make a card without adding some sort of sparkle or shimmer. The ribbon was layered because I didn't like the look of either of these alone. Don't you like the layered ribbon better?
Ed Crane (Billy Bob Thornton) goes about the business of cutting hair with a stoic resignation. He’s stuck in a rut and has no clue how to get out. When Crane discovers that his bookkeeper wife, Doris (Frances McDormand) is having an affair with Big Dave (James Gandolfini), her boss at Nirdlinger’s department store, the gears of change start turning.
Cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy, then slowly mix in cream cheese till it is evenly mixed. Add in white chocolate and dry apricot, then gently mix flour till a dough is formed. Make small balls out of dough. Give a small stab with fingers to flatten a bit and bake at 165 C in preheated oven for 15- 20 mins till turn pale pink brown.. Cool them for while for them to crisp up a bit!
Glazen Toren Jan de Lichte -- not as good as La Grande Blanche
When I worked at the Women's Research Institute at BYU Bonnie Ballif-Spanvill and Valerie Hudson were just getting the WomenStats Database under way in full swing. The database documents of women's rights and women's social, political and family situations in every country in the world. With the data base they were hoping that they would be able to show that the economic and political stability and growth of a country was directly related to how well women were treated and valued, which is exactly what they found. The implications of their findings is enormous and I can't wait to see what else comes out of this, hopefully towards creating a better world for women and one in which the perpetuation of life (and those who create it) is more highly valued.
On the Blue Team, Tony suggests mini blue cheese bacon burgers, and everyone says no in unison (why?!). Already Tony is annoyed. They decide on chicken chili, seasonal veggie salad, arugula and prosciutto pizza, sliders, and cookies. But their burger buns are full size, and Max wants Tony to cut them with a cookie cutter… because that’s efficient. Oh, and Gordon says the burgers are bland, and need to be re-seasoned, which gives Max another reason for a superiority trip, and Tony another reason to get huffy.
Where do you get your inspiration? I enjoy looking at other scrappers' blogs and galleries.
This is very beautiful, this tree is the genetically identical tree to this ancient one, literally the same organism. However unlike the varied other places in the world that may grow, here it is possible to sit under it at night alone and in peace, and there are no other pilgrims.
All joking aside, my back was not letting me sleep at night, and seriously not getting any better, and I was very frustrated because I try very hard to do...well...everything right.
Reuters reports that House Financial Services Committee Chairman Spencer Bachus has been cleared by the Office of Congressional Ethics of insider trading charges. Because this comes from OCE, and not the House Ethics Committee, it has instant credibility.
I was up at 4 am with Shawn before he had to leave for work and I noticed it was storming out. I love a good storm as long as it doesn't turn severe! After he left I got involved in doing some things around the house and then went back to bed where I stayed till Kelsey woke me up at noontime! I must have really needed that to be in bed that long! Lately sleep has been hard to come by with Fluff not sleeping all night. It's almost like having a baby again! LOL The last few nights we've been giving her a Benedryl and she's been falling asleep in her bed in the living room so we've been sneaking off and shutting our door at night and letting her there. I know i'm starting to feel much more rested with letting her sleep in the living room but hate doing that.
A seven year old shouldn't be concerned with her looks at all, yet this one is obsessed, thanks to her mom and It's a damn shame!
taking flight in a black sky,
Smaller mice, rats, ponies and monkeys generally live longer as well. The smaller Asian elephant also lives longer than the larger African elephant.
5. Before you leave, set a goal or vision of what you want to achieve when you get home. This can keep you occupied when you arrive back home and help overcome repatriation shock quicker.
I have redacted the names of the companies to which he has referred.
5.Serve hot with buttered toast at the side.
In November, voters will consider a ballot measure that would change the maximum sentence in California from death to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
After finishing school, Bouwer adventured his way to the University of Potchefstroom, to peruse his studies in BA Communication sciences. With a music revolution already starting to poke holes within the Potchefstroom atmosphere, the inevitable happened, and at age 22, Bouwer settled into an Afrikaans Rock band, that would make major waves within the local music industry in the following 5 years – Straatligkinders.
Soaked in nostalgia and promising a new beginning, THE MUPPETS is very much a cinematic panacea for troubled times, suggesting that everything can be set right by refocusing on what – and who – is important in your life.
The rest of my time in Camden was spent surveying handmade knickknacks and touristy trinkets. If the hollowed-out-camera-lens coffee mugs weren’t a staggering £16.99 I would have bought one. But who knows—maybe I’ll go back and negotiate. Despite leaving empty-handed (though full-stomached), I felt fulfilled; my day at the markets provided more London life than I could’ve asked for. That said, if you’re in the neighborhood, check out London’s markets—there’s much, much more than “bric-a-brac” in these cores of spontaneity and culture.
His bed and blankets were the first to go. He liked that bed, and used to bury toys and old bones in it. Which is why his old santa toy and a couple of old bones fell out as I was putting it in the bin. I'm tough. I can do this.
Advent Calendars are always a fun way for kids to count down the days, and have something to look forward to each day before Christmas. I spotted this Advent Calendar awhile back, and instantly knew I'd be making my own. I realized this weekend though that December 1 is days away, so I had to get it in gear so my Advent Calendar would be ready to go!
Jack: If you trick me into saying DUH to you then it’s not really my fault if I say DUH, because I didn’t mean it and I’m not saying DUH anymore so can I still watch a video?
I also incorporate a character asset to work on while working at that choice-- in Read to Self, it is "independence" that kids are working on, as well as increasing their stamina.
If you read my blog, you know Im single..woohoo.
“I should have gone. You’re probably not doing it right.”
As I soar through a liquid sky
~George Herbert, 1633
home with all of their property restored to them plus reparations and
This clash is accentuated in the visuals. The train imagery reinforces Night on the Galactic Railroad as well as the idea of a train’s inability to deviate from its tracks, much like one supposedly cannot deviate from one’s fate. Specifically, all flashbacks are shown as destination/arrival tickers, all destinations in the series itself are shown through actual train signs.
3.) Do you already have specific editors/publishing houses in mind for my book?
I couldn't pass up using one of my favorite giraffe stamps I have had forever! My sister gave it to me one year for my birthday. I love how primitive it looks, but how much life and movement it shows.
As a novelist I have to select where I place my window into the past and discard what won’t fit my recreation of it. That makes me a bad historian, as my history teacher rightly recognised, but I hope it makes me a better novelist.
This recipe was inspired by some goodies I had left in the fridge. That is not to say I used any old floppy spring onion or squashy tomato that happened to be hiding out in my veg tray, no far from it! They were in their prime and I wanted their destinies to be more than some garnish to the same old salad. So in a focaccia…sorry flash! I thought hmmm, they would be pretty tasty in some freshly baked bread. Together with some salty black olives the colours give the impression you’re well on your way to your five a day in just one chunk! Well nearly…
nervousness
The AA-12 has yet to be used in combat. Russian missiles, historically, have been less reliable and effective than their Western counterparts. The Russian missiles are not worthless they are just less likely to knock down aircraft they are aimed at. The Chinese saw flaws in the AA-12 and wanted to improve that design so that it is more competitive with AMRAAM. The Chinese were eager to create an effective competitor for AMRAAM that they could export (they are already offering the export version of the, the SB-10, for sale.) Their PL-12 has, so far, not demonstrated any extraordinary abilities.
1) Answer the questions on your own blog.
When my Grandmother (mom's mom) saw me for the first time as a baby, Grandma said she saw a halo around MY head. She told my mom I was special. Before last night I had NEVER heard that story. I'm not sure my Grandmother or my mom were/are right- because I have certainly made a TON of mistakes and bad choices...but my mom swears the story is true. I am NOT an angel. I am ONLY holy if Jesus has made me so, and I feel very far from all those things these days.
“The past is never dead, it is not even past.” ~ William Faulkner
If you're looking for the short (and somewhat inaccurate) story: The EPUB format is the industry standard, and the file is sort of like a zipped up website. The book itself is written in the same code used to write web pages, and fancier books have extra files zipped into the final package.
One each 16 oz. can of baby lima beans*
Post 97 of 180
“Many of these people aren’t used to nature,” said Kari Cobb, a Yosemite park ranger. “They don’t fully understand it. We’ve got more than 800 trails and 3,000-foot cliffs in this park. You can’t put guardrails around the whole thing.”
11-22 Munich, Germany – Zenith
The how of the redemption, like the nature of God the Holy Trinity, is ultimately a mystery. And yet the Holy Scriptures and the Holy Fathers help us to approach this mystery. They enable us to understand and believe in our redemption by Jesus Christ in such a way that, believing, we can receive the gift of salvation.
#2 - The other thing I was fortunate enough to be a part of was a wedding of sweet, young friends, under this huge oak tree, at a beautiful park in East Austin.
As for how much capital you need to hold in order to trade microlots, it depends on your desired strategy. The given strategy I laid out, I’d start with a minimum of $1500, just to be safe for those unusual market conditions where it’s dropping and you need to buy in on a number of consecutive days. But you could start with a smaller amount and just decide not to trade nearly as much.
The bible knows all about this human trait and speaks of it in Romans 7: 14-25:
an addendum: for those who have read O Fallen Angel: I am not Maggie
So there are not words to describe how suprised and thankful I am to have a man like BH in my life. He is the father figure in The Geej's life who I would absolutely want her to model her future relationships upon. He is calm, understanding, patient, funny, loves nature, smart, dependable, loving and just a good, good person. Now that he is my partner in raising this headstrong, girly girl, I have no concept of how I would ever be able to do it without him. He helps me, not only in practical ways, but also in helping me see things through his wise eyes. He talks me through my daily parenting frustrations. And The Geej? She is absolutely crazy about him. She calls him by his first name when she's talking to him, but when she's talking ABOUT him, he is "my dad" or "Daddy."
Scot Meacham Wood - Obviously, I would want my work to be an important part of my legacy. But, I also hope that my clients truly enjoyed the process of transforming their home. That they felt heard. That they felt understood. And when they walk through their house, that they look around and smile.
Sign Up By: March 11th!
"Not since a long time ago." The man studied her face, then took a step toward her and held out his hand. "I'm-"
Miep Gies
“The army could be used to guard buildings which could be the target of violent protest. The danger of an escalation exists. It’s a situation which demands drastic action,” she added.
The most unusual tropical fruit, which is saying a lot since they are all rather strange, is the durien. This fruit has a near cult following in Southeast Asia. From Thailand to the Archipelago, people build statues and have laws and even have entire restaurants devoted to this fruit.
So I took a photograph and we went on our merry way. We got a little sprinkled on, but no major rain.
While standing in line at the grocery store a few days ago I came across a glass display of Marlboro Lights. Instead of having warm, fuzzy feeling about my favorite cigs, I thought, What a waste.
the first time that I saw you
I ended up on birth control pills, which helped immensely. I felt regulated. I could deal with four periods a year. I chugged along happily for nine years, knowing what I was missing when it came to pain and inconvenience but completely ignorant of how clouded I truly was.
The other women and I checked on the almost-victim, she was OK, no harm done, just a bit shaken. But it got me to thinking... could've been me. Why wasn't it?
“The ancient rabbis—traditional Judaism’s most authoritative sources—almost always interpreted Isaiah 53 with reference to an individual rather than to Israel as a whole or to the righteous within Israel, and this individual was most commonly interpreted to the Messiah.” (60)
The vivid green leaves of Elk lichen resemble the curved horns of the animal for which it is named. They're silky-cool and have a delicate mushroom flavor and almost berry-like piquancy. The spindly, white branches of Reindeer lichen are crunchy and mildly bitter when cooked.
"curious confusion"
We landed at the base at 10:20 p.m. local time and got onto Chinook helicopters that were waiting with rotors spinning. The short flight to Kabul was also in blackout – use of flashlights or phones was prohibited due to their back-lit screens. Pilots and gunners used night vision goggles to navigate.
TOMORROW: La Mission
Scorching our wings
having your hair brushed
Gabby is a little guardian angel with a big job to do! Watching over Sophie is hard work, but Gabby knows that God wants her to stick to it.
This RAD diagnosis made me really think. I went through similar experiences as a child, why don’t I have it? I have baggage for sure. It is part of why Nick and I have been doing so much talking lately. My mother passed away from Cancer when I was 5, I had 5 or 6 au pairs in about 3 years, my dad re-married twice. I became a little mom of my two younger sisters, whether my dad needed the help or not, and they were not impressed with me. I missed out on a lot at school because I had to come home and babysit and get dinner ready. I could easily have developed any of a variety of social or mental health issues. The truth of the matter is that I was in and out of counselors offices my entire childhood. My father knew it was out of his scope and got me help, as much as my friend is doing for her child. What’s the difference? I am not sure I have an answer. I had the support of my dad, and an amazing extended family that included actual family, great neighbors, and a few close friends. Maybe I do still have some problems since I NEVER ask for help and truly don’t know if I can. I am the “fixer” and have no idea how to let others help. It tends to make my husband frustrated and angry because he can see I need help but he keeps hoping I will ask. I also don’t open up about my thoughts or feelings. I am a pretty introverted person and opening up is hard to do. I can see where that would be really difficult for the person on the other end of a conversation.
We all need oasis's in our life
I’m sorry to be a tease but I *have* to go to bed. I promise you’ll have the third and final chapter of the “Red Car Boy” story before the end of the week. I also need to update you on my potential dates! I’ve got one booked in for this Thursday night (come on down, date number five!) with the “ocker” guy that I’ve mentioned previously. Sparkly eye guy from the same post has also been calling and messaging and I’m kinda into the idea of him… I was also able to stalk his facebook and found that he takes *amazing* photos, which kinda sorta makes me a bit swoony…
During a party scene we have a black female character playing a French Baronesse and society lady. Absolutely nothing is made of her skin colour and she fits neatly into the dinner table round. While this may no longer raise an eyebrow it is remarkable for a film of its time.
“Originally I wanted to be an astronaut. Then I found out it wasn’t the astronauts that got to design the spacecraft,” he remembers. “You really have to put a lot into this work. Get your hands dirty, work with real systems. It helps to enjoy what you’re doing.”
Well, Mr. King you certainly hit the nail on the head considering that it was you that allowed our ex-PM Gordon Brown to empty the gold bullion out of the vaults of the Bank of England and send it over to the EU.
(Note: It's closed during Public Holidays that falls in Myanmar but you might need to contact for confirmation whether they're open during any Public Holidays that falls in Malaysia.)
I know I have posted about my math work stations before, but my classroom is forever evolving. I change things so often that everything rarely stays the same year after year.
Troy Crowder
And I know, this may sound strange – coming from someone who follows the Wiccan faith – but the words are strong in their potential, and carry their own weight, no matter who speaks them.
The picture is from the kids first school dance a couple of weeks ago. And here's my crazy Beans. She had a blast at the dance, can't you tell????
In post-war Europe the publication and appeal of the Protocols dwindled,
LaVette’s takes on familiar songs were far from simple nods to classic rock. The arrangements were dark, sparse, deliberate, slow, and they basically left the performers and the audience nowhere to hide from the raw emotion of each song. This type of expression is rare and as satisfying as it gets to watch…but it is draining, too.
Extract from the book Georgia O'Keeffe: An Eternal Spirit
There's no one who's more in you corner,
As we watch, we can hear someone turning on Peter Gabriels "Sledgehammer" to play in the background as they explore Thurston's bowels. Open up your fruitcage... indeed. While the song plays, words appear on screen, in a karaoke style, and a voice is heard singing along. As we ponder the absurdity of the situation, we are awoken from from our thoughts, when we see the patient in discomfort from the procedure. A seemingly massive amount of sedative is administered directly after each incident.
We will look back on this week and realize that something changed. I have given numerous interviews wherein I espoused the benefits of thorough vetting during aggressive contested primary elections, but this week’s tactics aren’t what I meant. Those who claim allegiance to Ronald Reagan’s 11th Commandment should stop and think about where we are today. Ronald Reagan and Barry Goldwater, the fathers of the modern conservative movement, would be ashamed of us in this primary. Let me make clear that I have no problem with the routine rough and tumble of a heated campaign. As I said at the first Tea Party convention two years ago, I am in favor of contested primaries and healthy, pointed debate. They help focus candidates and the electorate. I have fought in tough and heated contested primaries myself. But what we have seen in Florida this week is beyond the pale. It was unprecedented in GOP primaries. I’ve seen it before – heck, I lived it before – but not in a GOP primary race.
A Chipmunk Christmas ... ABC Family ... 7 AM
Today's recipe is vegetarian, a cheap and cheerful stir fried cabbage with a rather unusual sauce. The secret ingredient is fermented red beancurd or hong fu ru <U+7EA2><U+8150><U+4E73>. This recipe looks Sichuanese but I am quite sure it is from Beijing.
Comments: This is a surprisingly light IPA that seems to fit all summer season because it lacks the aggressive characteristics hop flavors that normally make this a cool weather beer. Should you be invited to a beach party this summer it would do you no harm to take a case of the spear along the matter what food is served. I feel it is one of the most refreshing IPAs I've ever tasted.
Below is our upcoming schedule for the next several Sundays at the Coffee Haven in Long Beach. If you are a dancer interested in performing at an upcoming showcase, please check out the schedule below for open dates and then email us at
Maisie didn't eat the eggs but ate the gim faces and she also left most of the broccoli. No reason given and she didn't want to eat any of it later on. I think it was just the day as she really didn't eat much at dinner time so I'm guessing just a not-all-that-hungry day.
Sapporo 4.3%
While I was outside taking pictures, a UPS truck started to lumber up our driveway. Tara and Madeline screamed and ran into the woods so he wouldn't see how hideous they looked. Silly girls!!
I am also thankful that during the month of November I found plenty of things to be thankful for! Yes, I truly am blessed with family, friends and plenty of other blessings! I'm so glad I took this month to reflect on so many of them!
Most reports indicate that everyone, including the three remaining policemen, fled the scene, followed by the couple who jumped into Mr Du Plessis’s bakkie and pursued the fleeing cops, shooting at them while the chase was on.
1 paces
. . . someone said to Him, ’Lord, I will follow You wherever You go’ —Luke 9:57 Our Lord’s attitude toward this man was one of severe discouragement, “for He knew what was in man” (John 2:25). We would have said, “I can’t imagine why He lost the opportunity of winning that man! Imagine being so cold to him and turning him away so discouraged!” Never apologize for your Lord. The words of the Lord hurt and offend until there is nothing left to be hurt or offended. Jesus Christ had no tenderness whatsoever toward anything that was ultimately going to ruin a person in his service to God. Our Lord’s answers were not based on some whim or impulsive thought, but on the knowledge of “what was in man.” If the Spirit of God brings to your mind a word of the Lord that hurts you, you can be sure that there is something in you that He wants to hurt to the point of its death.
we've also been super busy with school, dance, and friends. you know, the usual. I like keeping busy, but I'd like a break every now & again, too. :)
The trouble is, I know a lot more about Romney than he's telling me in this speech.
How evil/nasty is the enemy? Very evil because no one knew it was there, no one could tell when it was laying the foundation for its demonic plans, then adding all the layers like icing on a cake.
Ever since then I’ve been very interested in style, especially when I feel insecure or inadequate and need a confidence boost. So if I’ve got a big meeting or complex situation I think carefully about what I’m going to wear. Indeed, if I look back on my life over the last decade or so, whenever there has been a really big issue on the horizon or new job that I don’t feel quite up to, or a complex situation that I feel is beyond me I have often taken refuge in clothing appropriate to that context. I figure if you don’t know quite what you are doing, if you at least look like you do, or look the part, or look like belong you might just be able to hide behind the outfit. And people may not see the kid nearly paralysed by stage fright; they might instead see the character that you are playing. Most importantly, you might just find that you feel differently, just a wee bit less lacking in confidence when you are appropriately attired.
Announcing that it would review the constitutionality of the so-called ObamaCare program, the Kangaroo (supreme) Court has agreed to examine, among other things, whether the individual mandate to buy government-defined “insurance” or the coverage by the states is UNconstitutional.
After I hung up the phone, I turned to my blog list. Near the top was a friend's (who I had met at the Steven Curtis Chapman concert in October) blog. She is adopting from Ethiopia and had recently received her referral. I clicked on her blog http://embracingtheleastofthese.blogspot.com/2010/12/sibling-group-update.html and her post was about a sibling group that was being adopted. She linked to the family’s blog here http://wallingadoption.blogspot.com/2010/12/severely-off-her-rocker.html so of course, I followed the link… and I read “our” story (a family interested in waiting children – the mom who is “off her rocker” and the dad who was skeptical about adding more than one child at a time; two interested families – one of whom was running into difficulties due to finances and the kids at home and the other who didn't have as many obstacles to overcome) If this wasn’t a confirmation from God that we were supposed to bring this boy home, I can’t think of anything else.
Spear burgers with a toothpick to hold all the layers together.
How sweet it is to be loved by you
KG What song do you feel best describes your style and why?
This post is to announce the winner of the Heartfelt Creations Blog Hop.
of Oklahoman!
But tonight as I was talking about the day with the girls, Sofie said the absolute best part was climbing trees with her friends. It was all part of practicing for being firemen when they are grown up apparently.
She bullies "The Bugs" to no end. And to Bugsy's dismay, she enjoys making friends (human and canine). You may remember that Bugsy hates everyone. Violet is the exact opposite. She loves nearly everyone, but be careful, she's very aggressive with her love. Her kisses land right on the lips every time no matter how you try to maneuver her--it's a gift.
Lessee, what else did I do? Oh yeah, I helped Patti take all the food off the shelves and move them, followed by cleaning up under and behind them (it wasn't purty I tell you what), and then restocked the shelves minus a few cans of stuff that expired a long time ago.
33. Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
aka Drimble Wedge and the Vegetations, Peter Cook’s band in the film “Bedazzled”. An excellent parody of the more way-out music of the period, this is still played in many psychedelic clubs to this day. Chris Morris has a way to go before his musical parodies achieve the same thing.
It took less time to soak than a brick of 125g. First plus point. There was less fibre disturbance through the processes of dying rinsing and drying - second plus. It dried quicker because I was able to hang the length of tops across my dryer- third plus. Spinning was much more satisfying because I could spin a smoother,finer yarn without having to deal with batches of short fibres - plus four.
South Korean newspapers have quoted officials in Seoul as saying the test could take place as early as in two weeks.
"Digga Digga Do" - The Asylum Street Spankers. I digga digga life. Yes I do. "You love me and I love you." Sounds about right. He's pretty goddamn amazing. But he has a tendency to get a big head, so I can't tell him that too much. Stop reading this, honey. I mean, you evil bastard.
3. Jerry Garcia commentary with Acid Test audio
According to David J. Stein, whose data is shown above, "It's interesting to note the logarithmic growth of issuing patents with titles containing terms like 'computer program' and 'software' that predates State Street Bank. This would seem to disprove the notion (common amongst opponents of software patents) that State Street led to a flood of software-related patent filings - rather, it looks very much like State Street merely acknowledged the inexorable trend of patent-worthy software."
Now, I just gotta get this booty moving. I've never been a fan of exercise and I hate panting and sweating like a dog. Hence why summer in the pool was great for me. So I am going to break down and finally order the Zumba DVDs since I haven't found a class that works with my work schedule. *sigh* I also wanted to get opinions on the Wii game "Just Dance". Have any of you played this...I've heard it's a pretty good work out and anything that is fun and gets my booty moving is a good investment for me.
For these tracks Mavin is joined by the Venatics (aka Russ, Joan and Neill). I’m assuming these three people are related to Mavin in some way – perhaps his long-suffering wife and two adult children? You can almost hear them cringing with embarrassment as they sing the lines of He-Be – Har-Be (All Join In), described on the label as a ‘disco/dance’. Released on Mavin's own Havasong label, I love the way that he has stolen its chorus from the Salvation Army’s battle cry, and the two-note trombone solo is a thing of pure joy, reminiscent in some way of the guitar solo on the Buzzcock’s Boredom – itself appropriated by Edwin Collins for the Orange Juice classic Rip It Up. Its flip Me-Me and You (a ‘disco/ballad’ apparently) is a sweet little love song with some nicely atmospheric guitar touches. But disco it ain’t.
16. Elis - Phoenix From The Ashes
where it is typically used to justify an over-arching anti-Western
Here’s the point – though they might begin as a response to real events, panic attacks are more likely to occur in the face of imagined danger. It takes a lot of professional and personal support and practice for an individual suffering from anxiety to realise that they’re actually not physically at risk.
One may have overslept and may have awakened at 4:28 AM. Please forgive one Lord Jesus. One may have confessed one’s sins, thanked the Lord and prayed for the sick.
I'm also trying to finish up my MBA application. I have to get my GPA from my bachelor's degree. I can't remember it. I also have to upload a recent copy of my resume and get two recommendations. Wish me luck!
I’ve been lucky to have my work published in several places this year, Autosport.com being the most notable one, but also several magazines including Motorsport, Racecar Engineering and Autosport (Japan).
Destroy and savour
no wonder I hate every false way of life.
Eating a Healthful Diet
Ain't real!
3-6-2011
Under Florida Law, Corey was wholly within her right to make the second degree murder charge on her own. She is obviously taking some risk in that action and if the evidence doesn't hold up in court, there will indeed be egg on her face.
religious allusions that still pepper her lyrics (in the past
Urban Scrapbook just got in all the new BoBunny and Simple Stories lines and they were too beautiful to resist! In BoBunny, the Et Cetera line is my favorite, but the colors in Forever Fall and Garden Girl are gorgeous! The Simple Stories baby line is stunning too. I don't know how it happened, but quite a bit seemed to come home with me! I know what I'll be doing this weekend! Have a great one!
Yep. I've kept silent about it, but today (in)courage tagged me in a Facebook post, so I guess my anonymity flew the coop.
Dindi 04:16
Useless Fact: There were several pre-order packages offered and we, of course, got the deluxe edition with four extra tracks and a DVD. Haven't watched the DVD yet though.
Like (2)
‘Everything seemed fine,’ he said. ‘Then the pilot came on the tannoy just a few minutes into the flight and said we would have to do an emergency landing. It all happened so quickly. We landed and suddenly all the doors flung open and the emergency slides were inflated.
According to the Van Eck Market Vectors web site, VNM’s annual expense ratio is 0.99% due to a cap on expenses. After it expires on May 1, 2010, however, the expense ratio may be 1.4%… exactly like a mutual fund.
Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel Sebastian UK
Not to do that!”
Cosmos is an answer to the question of what the world as a whole is that has proved enormously durable.
The KCCUK will be screening four of Song’s films in April. As his works are not easy to come by – even less so in subtitled form – don’t miss the opportunity to see them!
Level 7: MP Cost: 35, Duration: 210 seconds, Damage: +124%.
I originally shot this early on April 7th. It shows Frank & Frieda in their nest tree on Frank Island.
After a successful European tour, Lenny's later editions of 5 included "American Woman", a song used in the film Austin Powers: 'The Spy Who Shagged Me'.
as the pianist sits
and weave a raft, take to the Landwehrkanal,
Vatican Insider calls her observations ‘original,’ and they do seem counter-intuitive, after the education in modernism we’ve been put through the last forty years, but in fact, ‘religious liberty’ causes a reaction, a struggle for power in the vacuum left by the Church. Secularism causes war.
She never spoke to me in words. Her expression was one of contained joy, waiting to share something with me. Once again, I felt myself becoming nervous, not knowing what to do or say. I was literally dumbfounded. What could or should I say to this amazing being? I stood there like a child. After a moment, she widened her expressive eyes as if in an inquiry. I felt even more at a loss, as if I had failed a test of understanding something she was trying to get me to see. I smiled and tried to show that I did not know what she was expecting from me. Her smile widened some more and then she opened her hand and showed me something lying there. It was a coin.
These, I now swear, my Aurors shall pursue
On the plane ride here three lad-bastards on the row next to us. They spoke to be heard. They spoke to harass. They were mouth rapists. Loud. Lewd. They thought they were terribly clever. One of them said: If I ever got a girlfriend I would trap her and murder her, like Silence of the Lambs. I looked at them, I didn't want to look at them, and I felt they were performing for me. I felt their open mouths was causing my mouth to stay closed. Because of the symposium I was going to speak at and participate at, I thought about the effects of such violence. The effects of such silencing.
During the war the tavern was taken over by loyalists Charles Loosely and Thomas Elms and was called the Kings Head, until 1780, when it became Brooklyn Hall. Loyalists and British soldiers who occupied New York were said to have fun here, engaging in “all kinds of sporting, such as horse racing, fox chasing, athletic sports, bull baiting, etc.”
It’s a glowing, vibrant, grand world of adventure, violence, tenderness, good humor, great friendship, and a prevailing love bound by blood. Above all, it is a distinctly human world in which God, important only in an abstract sense, proves fairly useless. When Stavro laments that God may have erred in preserving a few of his subjects after the Flood, he adds forgivingly that it wasn’t entirely God’s fault since, “God (like me at sixteen) didn’t know the world all that well and didn’t know what people were capable of doing.”
2011-04-30 464000
The photo above was taken after I pruned the plants back. I took 2 totes of leaves out of the greenhouse! The vining tomatoes I chopped half of the bottom 2 or 3 leaves off and I did a lot of thinning in my bush varieties - airflow and light into the middle is my goal....Can you see a difference between the photo above and the first photo of the post?
Sixteen different blogs all with Girl Land inspiration for you to enjoy...
In the course of a year with Mr. Geiger, I can remember 3 words of wisdom that he freely offered even as they extended beyond the study of geology.
This is my first post….in fact it’s my first post on anything….
Concert Date and Time:
Whatever the reason it's a dumb one and I need to just get back into the groove of writing.
Their wives
I can assure you that it's every bit as difficult as it sounds.
An Online Launch Party for The Iron Knight, the fourth Iron Fey novel by Julie Kagawa, has been announced. Here’s the deets:
Amidst a devouring smog of fatal gloom, he created,
Omar Idilbi, a spokesman for the Local Coordination Committees, an activist network, said security forces simultaneously stormed several districts in the old part of the city, including the Bab Dreib, Bab Houd and the Bayada neighborhoods. Nine people were confirmed dead in ongoing shooting in those areas, the LCC said.
Because these core historical facts have been established by critical and historical procedures, no one should reject this evidence simply by referring to “discrepancies” in the New Testament or to its general “unreliability.” These facts are attested to be true by virtually everyone. It can be demonstrated even when the minimum number of historical facts are utilized.
Steele stands ready to paint with a broad brush those White people who deviate from this neutral (or might one say neutered?) stance as “white supremacists.” The European imperialist who reached across the seas and colonized foreign lands demonstrated his white supremacist hubris, and the whites, who today, strive to preserve the racial and cultural uniqueness of his group — according to Steele — demonstrates the same “white supremacist” tendencies. Whites do not possess the option to operate in their own self-interest.
"18 days?"
4. Mahatma Gandhi, political activist (1869–1948)
as she rests
He asks the Italian, "Why didn't you sweep any of it?"
Don't know what a shag is?
Thank you for reading this post, as always I love to read your comments and don't forget to stop by my challenge blog and check out the DT call.
COURT CONVENES
The Law Society Gazette warns of courts experiencing “a huge increase in litigants fighting their cases themselves” and quoted several judges expressing concern that such cases take twice as long as people who have to be helped to navigate the unfamiliar legal process.
The claims by Dr Ian Robertson may go some way to explain the outlandish and impulsive behaviour of city fatcats, tycoons and celebrities.
I bought him a special Kong collar™ today at Pet Supermarket. It's an inflatable "c" shaped collar that closes with velcro. It works like a cone, but doesn't protrude so that he runs into things or can't get a drink of water while wearing it. It'll keep him from licking his tender parts, but will almost be like a little pillow when he wants to lie down. I'll take a picture of him wearing it so you can see what it looks like.
2) Choose one (or more) of the following prompts (or please feel free to freewheel with your own prompt ; )) and write your Halloween poem based on it....
During the announcement of the economic transformation plan in March, Najib should put forward more opening strategies that can boost confidence and open up new growth areas in order to make the economy shine in the Year of the Tiger. — mysinchew
Our latest Explore section on the Wellcome Collection website is devoted to a selection of the Wellcome Library’s collection of AIDS posters. These posters, produced during the 1980s and 1990s, show evidence of the enormous and diverse public health campaigns created in response to the AIDS epidemic. In the days before twitter and facebook (and, some would say, even now) the quickest way to alert someone to the dangers of HIV was through an eye-catching, attention-grabbing poster in their place of work or play.
On Thursday 18th August 2011 - 5.30pm
I realize with a mix of frustration and relief this is the answer I looked for all day. The novel. I want everything else — the grading, the cleaning, the movie, the duties — to fall away and leave me dozens of hours to disappear into finishing this story. It’s frustrating because the timing is off. I budget time for fiction, but today’s hours were allotted to getting grades entered and I’m being bratty to complain about it. I’m lucky enough to be working only part-time this year, to have 3 days off for a workshop this week, to have 2 months home this summer between teaching. Wait, impatient novel. Your turn is coming.
Likewise, Moore says it’s important to play to win. In business, that translates to knowing the competition and always staying at least one step ahead. “Operate your business with integrity and have respect for competition, but you also need to seize opportunities to eliminate your competition and win.”
“Susan & Sabrina did an excellent job, I am very happy. I highly recommend them.”
Recently I was out to dinner with friends. We sat outside at a tapas bar, and an older gentleman played soft, slow Brazilian jazz. The owner of the restaurant, a tall, slim man with a Brooklyn accent I couldn’t quite believe was real, danced with his wife on the little brick patio, and his loose, light stepping made my throat tighten. He danced like my dad. Controlled but free, fluid and graceful and lithe...I longed to ask him to dance with me. He may very well have, but I was more afraid that were we to dance, I would lay my head on his shoulder and weep.
8. Lou Ann Barton - Please Come Home for Christmas
Active media consumption is the emerging model for media consumption, where we have to make our choices without someone providing our options to us. Music is just one example. Netflix uses this model for television and movie consumption.* To a certain extent, Amazon has done the same for books. Even traditional broadcasting companies are jumping on board by allowing you to watch new episodes of many shows online or through an iPad app almost immediately after they first air. We’re still in transition to this new media model, but you can clearly see it happening every year.
For those of you who are not Aussie, it is Footy Grand Finals Time this weekend! By saying "Footy" I do not mean Soccer, I am referring to Aussie Rules and Rugby League! and this time every year we are inundated with "footy", flashbacks, awards nights, final fever and many many BBQ's will be held this weekend across Australia to watch these games. So in the spirit of "Footy" this weeks challenge at The Squirrel & The Fox is "Make it Sporty".
“I know what this thing is. My question is, will this put out someone who is not only a techno-organic, but the woman I love?”
7:27
10 Tips To Maximizing Sale Of Your Home
xxxMomma
P.P.S. Mancunians of a certain age will doubtless have different memories of Victoria Baths - the cold, the rusty taps, the swing-doors on the always too small cubicles, the eye-searing combination of chlorine and urine .... but I thought this picture was best.
I chat about it.
<U+1233><U+122D> <U+1264><U+1274><U+1295> <U+1218><U+122D><U+130C>
Janus Publishing describe their Subsidy Publishing as:
And, yes, Porky's Gym is a real place. Based on their website's front page, I'd end up looking like a muscle head by the time 2013 rolls in.
When you last heard from me, I was playing, largely unsuccessful, mediator in a titanic battle of wills between my lovely bride, Dragonwife, and my son, Darth Spoilboy. Since last Friday several deals, for both a new Kia and several used cars fell through for any number of reason you might be able to guess. As time went on though, the main issue became how Dragonwife and I wanted to go slow and look around for the “right” car figuring we could juggle the duties of driving him to and from work with the vehicles, we already own. However, the hormone-crazed teenage Spoilboy wanted something bought immediately and became increasingly aggravated with what he saw was our glacial pace.
The only problem was, for some inexplicable reason, the color never materialized–the sun dropped, the light faded, and we were teased with no more than a few whispers of pink. For anyone who had put all their eggs in the brilliant sunset basket, this would have been a major disappointment. But (in my opinion) what we did get was even better.
Far too depressed and ill for surgery, Sky needed foster care. On that particular day all the Ayuda foster homes were filled to the brim but we just couldn’t turn our backs on little Sky. Ayuda founder, Selaine picked up the phone and called good friend and long-time collabortor, Linda G. at Unidos Para Los Animales to ask for some help.
Amen. I'm glad that someone with public visibility, like Charles, is asking these questions.
192 kbs mp3 (no re-encoding)
Just for now.
I just went grocery shopping yesterday and bought so great foods to make great healthy meals. Remember, I am going high protein, complex carbs AMAP. And if I do eat bread, grains, etc. it will be the real wheat kind and not dyed brown crap. I have realized how simple it is to healthy-up any recipe and still enjoy what I love. (Yes, I know, it's taken how many years for that concept to sink in???)
Guys, if you are in your sixties chances are you have at least one strand of gray hair—like, hello!
Moving those arms and legs increases flexibility as well as builds muscle memory! When we alternate movements, we really stimulate the child's whole brain--both hemispheres are engaged. The cross lateral stretch is a good example of this---Right hand to left toe and then STRETCH out! Alternate arms and legs to ensure even treatment of each side. The hand/foot should meet at the mid line and then STRE---ETCH----OUT to a nice diagonal stretch!
Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli says his office has audited and approved 4.7 million refund requests totaling $4.1 billion in 2012, with another 406,000 refund requests totaling $382 million expected to be paid in the coming days.
9. Doesn't Make It Alright
At the end of the day he’s not my boyfriend but he is my hero. Quite how we make any community of likeminded believers work can frankly be sorted out in due course.
Things NOT to do:
Go forth with great joy, for indeed these are the days of the manifestation of My kingdom. In these days the reality of a supernatural church will begin to be understood in the land and will be according to My purposes, says the Lord. It is My will for My people to live in the glory of the supernatural realm. The supernatural events that you desire to see will become a reality, which will establish you in a greater measure of faith than ever before. So, arise and come forth into kingdom purpose, says the Lord God Almighty.
She sits cross legged on the fresh cut grass, her hands wrapped around a cherry slush-puppy. I smile at the red colour frozen temporarily upon her lips as I picture the 80's makeup that she might one day wear.
For more information on 36 CRAZYFISTS, please visit these sites:
(For anyone not up to speed on this new happening around here,
The Dublin House Price index stood at 78.6 at the end of December 2010 with the average cost of a home in the capital being €237,480 (compared with €238,986 at the end of Q3, 2010). The last time it was at this level was in March, 2002.
and academic gentlemen
This was so delicious, especially since it was cauliflower, which I detest. Serve alongside the ribs and this is the meal of champions! This meal is a little time consuming, but so worth it. For busy people, it would probably be best to make this on the weekend. Also, for the record, that looks like a lot of ribs, but there was more fat on that piece than meat. It was still marvelous, though. Perhaps the only thing that could have made these better would have been if I used the BBQ. Alas, we are out of fuel. Woe is me.
Sudden tears stood in Greybeard's eyes. Childhood itself lay in the rotting drawers of the world, a memory that could not stand permanently against time. Since that awful - accident, crime, disaster, in the last century, there had been no more babies born. There were no more children, no more boys like this. Nor, by now, were there any more adolescents, or young men, or young women with their proud style; not even the middle-aged were left now. Of the seven ages of man, little but the last remained. (pp. 37-38)
I also have a gothic lolita in here too. I really like her facial structure ahah. It's fun to draw. She'll look more beat up in the comic. These are all just preliminary sketches of each character.
Couple of pics from today's outing. Our wedding anniversary is actually yesterday, but we celebrate it today instead. I'm wearing my double Love bracelets today too :-)
Trip-O-Meter: 4.25 out of 5
“Apportionment. The process by which legislative seats are distributed among units entitled to representation. The U.S. Constitution provides for a census every ten years, on the basis of which Congress apportions representatives according to population; but each state must have at least one representative.”
The first round of the presidential election is just three weeks away. Despite the violence, and the disqualification of several leading candidates, at the moment the vote does not appear to be under threat.
(This post will contain some spoilers.)
Abi
A half an hour later I took him to the emergency room. There they took a sample from his diaper and sent it off to the lab. 7 days later it came back negative. Seriously by this point he was on a ventilator and had already had his stroke so I have no idea how it came back negative. That's crazy in my opinion but I'm not a doctor so what do I know right?
When I began thinking about how I got my agent, the savvy and sweet Michael Bourret with Dystel & Goderich, I realized there were a series of steps that led me to that thrilling moment.
Oh, Dumas, I love you, but your pacing… well, let me be fair. The D’Artagnan Romances are enormous books; the third installment, The Vicomte of Bragelonne, is so huge that it’s usually published in at least three different volumes (hence the ability to read just The Man in the Iron Mask). Add to that the fact that it’s a serialized novel, having been published in installments over eight months. It’s not meant to be read all at once. But that has never stopped me before; in fact, I powered through this to get to a digital galley that turned out to have been already published, making it a useless effort. (Man, NetGalley really needs to stop lying about publication dates.) So I can’t really be objective about the pacing. But that’s not to say it’s slow—it’s a bit slow at the beginning, as Dumas catches us up with our favorite musketeers and the situation in France, but once the four reunite and the plot gets rolling, it gets rolling. It’s fatiguing in one go not because nothing happens but because everything that could possibly happen happens. What do you want—a high speed horse chase? The fall of Charles I? Exploding boats? Jokes about cannibalism? Manly, affectionate friendships? Dumas has everything. (And God bless him for it.)
Because for most people I know, owning a house will no doubt remain a fantasy. It’s something that’s become clear over the past few years – that those of us who live in cities, whose jobs are not secure, who are flitting from call centre to job centre and back again throughout our 20s and 30s, whose parents don’t have property portfolios, those of us who are single, or still trying to do art or music or something they dreamed of, are unlikely to be able to afford the deposit for a flat. Ever. Which would be fine – especially fine when the bath fills with soupy, rust-coloured water, or the smell from the downstairs chicken shop actually stops you in your tracks when you walk through the door even though they promise their filter system meets legal standards – if only renting wasn’t significantly more expensive (on average 16%) than buying.
One thing that He revealed to me was going out in love when correcting someone. I think that nowadays people like to correct to just show that they are better than others. The Lord really used Samuel when it came to Saul and his actions. Saul was disobeying the Lord in every way possible. He was defiant and went against the Lord’s orders. When Samuel went to rebuke Saul in chapter 13 Samuel went low to correct him with love. He didn’t become big-headed about it. He didn’t use the opportunity to show how much better he was than Saul. I think this is really important to keep in mind when we correct people. We need to go low and humble ourselves. We need to encourage and then correct and then encourage. We need to go about it in love. Everyone makes mistakes. If we correct in love then people are more likely to correct their actions and react to your correction with love. This is an important part of our walk with Christ. Jesus went out of love in all His corrections. We need to hold ourselves to that same standard.
Time for a little bit of Five Question Friday y'all! Today is the unofficial first day of Spring Break for us in this county. The school board actually planned a teacher workday the Friday before Spring Break week starts. So we're starting today by having Little E miss today since his VPK does not follow school teacher workdays. I don't have much fun stuff planned for the kids today tho, since the hubs is working. Miss K and I are planning on pedicures though. Maybe Little E can stand it long enough while watching the iPad. Let's hope so!
On the sixth day of my trip I visited a retired Schoolmarm in a town called Serendipity. She wants to write them Dime Novels, too. I told her my 5 Favorite Places to Write. Miss Viv liked my books so much that she rushed out to the local stationer & bought a passel of ’em. Not my Dime Novel, I hasten to add. My Writers’ Notebooks.
As it is now, it is a big shame.
And with a blog title like that, how can you NOT want to go visit? I love it! She is as sweet as the title of her blog and I fell in love with her blog at first bloggy sight! She is hilarious and I simply cannot get enough of her posts- whether they are about how aliens have obviously been enrolled in her third grade class instead of actual human third graders, or her lists of WHY stupid things happen, I get lost in her posts and hate to have to walk away to actually do some house work. Do yourself a favor and go check her out. You have a lot of hilarious catching up to do!
Senior Lecturer, University of Brighton
But, there is one issue with him.
Should have closed the windows, love
Preheat oven to 400 and bake wings for about 25-30 minutes, or until skin starts to brown and crisp a bit. Pour off any liquid, turn over, and bake for another 10-15 minutes. Remove from oven and roll in buffalo sauce. Return to baking sheet and bake for another 10 or so minutes. Serve with extra sauce, blue cheese, and celery.
I hope everyone had an enjoyable weekend, we had a great but busy weekend. Saturday I took my girls shopping for Birthday gifts.......my daughter Maia was invited to a party for her friend and her sister, both have Sept. b-days so they always do one big party for both. Plus my mil celebrated her birthday yesterday, she's a young 81 :)
I first picked up Edge in a bookstore because of the unique cover treatment. There was an end-dump with books from Angry Robot ( a press I had not heard of) and this one had a cover design that was nearly all words--so much so that the title is a little difficult to distinguish the title. The cover described what can only be described as a "Running Man" type scenario with knife fights and sudden death.
On Saturday afternoon we visited this place, which was quite fun, and put me in a mind of an analogy--if Schlitterbahn was a golf course, WaterWorks would be its putt-putt course. Similarly designed, much smaller. Also, less than 5 minutes from Pod's parent's house. The kids loved it, and even I was talked into riding the giant water slide. Once.
up the ladder and down the wall
3 tbsp canola or veg oil ONLY 300C
“What do you think I’m doing? I’m having fun with the stripper you got me for my birthday.” Since when was Ricky all prim and proper? After all, this was his idiotic idea.
His protestations of eroding Malay privileges ring hollow at this time, and doesn’t penetrate to the young either. Maybe he finds the ears of the fatcats who fear the erosion of their ill-gotten, crony-laced income and traditional power base.
· Just because Mario's Bar and Grill has a shamrock in the window, it doesn't necessarily make it an Irish bar.
food intake No. 5 (4pm)
Hope you are as excited as me that tomorrow is FRIDAY!!!
For the record I don't really think it tastes anything like tuna, but its delicious in its own right.
In a separate bowl, beat the sour cream with the eggs and vanilla essence. Add to the saucepan and mix in.
I am glad that the writer ended the story on a happy note even if all of the subplots were not yet resolved. This is, after all, the first book in the series so we can expect to hear more about these story lines in future books.
So holding the snow's hand she let it twirl her, gracefully gliding over the dance floor, a long and breathless pirouette, right into the oncoming lane, across to the further curb, which we struck not fast, but hard, so that our bones rang with it. The truck thought about rolling over, but decided not to, and dropped back to all four paws with a thump.
As you know, Korin and I are expecting another baby. The due date is mid-May, so let’s call it May 15th. Just for fun I thought we would have people try to guess when the new baby will actually get here. The closest guess can have a Merrymeeting T-shirt. Sizes and colors are getting a little limited, but I am sure we can make something work.
Brown Thrasher 2
Wrought for men folks’ slaughter.”
After about twenty minutes on the bike my body is in a full sweat. A cleansing sweat. If my legs are going too fast it means the resistance level is too easy. I need to crank it up. I need to feel just a bit of burn. If doesn't take some mental effort, it's not worth it. It's not making me strong. I think about the rhythm of the song in my ears. I match the up and down of my legs with the beat of the music.
The funny thing is that that city is an ancient one, its modern buildings standing on the ruins of a 3000-year-old civilization, and has nothing whatsoever to do with the fairly young Buenos Aires.
peanuts;
Unanswered questions
Apologies, I have been unwell for a week, but feeling better now. Apparently it's Easter this weekend, which means it's the annual Crème Egg Festival at chez Blue. This is a private occasion, but this brief clip should give you a clue as to what will be going on.
but there i stood in the middle of all this, listening to an earnest choir sing "oh freedom" followed by the raging grannies who warbled some revolutionary ditties with an equal earnestness and i suddenly felt completely disconnected. disconnected from this earnestness, this purity of feeling and hope, these ideals. don't get me wrong, i think it is time we got angry at the growing economic disparity and the ridiculous amount of power corporations have in politics, angry at what is essentially the dissolution of any kind of meaningful democracy, but i felt i no longer have it in me to think anything will change. i guess my cynicism got the better of me, but hey, i was one more body to be counted among the 99%.
So that was our FIRST day of school....who's up for round two??!!!
take my hand I won’t let you fall
And yet, to end the day, a day of reflection and honor, joy in beauty, we stopped in at a cute little, brand new Mexican restaurant called Mi Casa in Benson. The food was fabulous and I highly recommend it; I will certainly be stopping there anytime I go that direction, whether for future trips to Bisbee, or on the upcoming trip down to the Chirachua National Monument.
Upon releasing the new single album, Infinite is also conducting several promotional events in Japan. Starting on April 25, Infinite will visit Tokyo, Osaka, and Fukuoka for album promotion and fan meeting events.
Whimsical dreams of rolling down the hillside,
Any questions?
Beauty advice from a supermodel
together enough
98. Juno (Ellen Page) – It’s all about the writing.
A commode was soiled under the seat, nurses were failing to feed frail elderly people and patients had pressure sores.
‘Our bourgeoisie is already worthless for any noble endeavour. We did not defend Germany against Bolshevism back then because we were not intending to do anything like conserve a bourgeois world or go so far to freshen it up. Had communism really intended nothing more than a certain purification by eliminating isolated rotten elements from among the ranks of our so-called “upper ten thousand” or our equally worthless Philistines, one could have sat back quietly and looked on for a while.’
The beer was so popular, that the boss offered to buy the ingredients next year. So next year I'll brew a Christmas beer for me, and one for the office.
It began oh so innocently, a mew, a purr and suddenly I was in PetSmart buying a fancy new automatic waterdish. Who needs an automatic waterdish?! The next day was worse. I found myself convinced that moist food was the only way to go. My precious needed soft food, preferably warmed for exactly 15 seconds in the microwave with a soupçon of paprika. Paprika?? What was happening here! I tried to resist this silliness, but I was tormented by a fluffy tail in my face every time I began to fall asleep. After two sleepless nights, I caved. I caved like a wet tissue in a sneezing fit. It was over for me. I admitted defeat. I was now the captive human of a 2 pound Persian and her toy mouse.
Getting to this point has certainly taken years of work by Argentinean LGBT organizations, activists, advocates and allies. It has also inspired some pretty amazing television and online video ads.
And because this is France, the police didn't get involved, the media and public were generally sympathetic towards the workers and the government made rumbling noises about shoring up struggling companies with taxpayer's money to protect jobs.
Isaiah 5:4
In the silence is the real you
Of course, this is assuming that Apple will once again add a number to the end of the next iPhone, but they may not. They dropped the number from the newest iPad, and they may continue this trend with the iPhone line, but otherwise the phone will probably be the iPhone 6.
This is how a training stud farm was teaching the horses, it’s horrible abuse & I will stick on this case to see if any arrests were made because the person who did this needs bloody flogging. Apparently the trainer thought he would use bale band to tie the horses mouths to their chest.
51. The MBEs - Joe Strummers Grave
“Yah. ‘Cause one daddy’s gonna’ find out she’s in love with a nigger from the streets…’ Remember that line from the cd?”
various images from this site
Writing romantic fiction for the past six years, and following her destiny to write Extraordinary stories of an average teenage life, PJ is a member of RWA, CTRWA, and YARWA. She is mother to two grown sons and lives with her husband and her dog in the Berkshire Hills of Western MA.
But from this start exploring the more or less scientific concept the story opens up onto a more eccentric vista. I used the word poetic, but there’s an obvious oddity to this term when applied to television. Typically when we use the word “poetic” we really mean “lyrical,” that is, essentially working according to a non-narrative structure. Lyric poetry, contrasted with the narrative form of epic poetry, is a poetry based on the expression of emotions. But film and television are almost entirely narrative media. A tradition of experimental film existed by 1981, but it was still obscure and, well, experimental. It’s not something you can just spring on BBC1 in a family slot and expect people to catch on.
When they find in any one a germ of suspicion or dislike of another, they stimulate the evil growth.
In the United States, Cuban officials aren’t allowed to travel more than 25 miles from their bases in Washington or at the United Nations in New York without prior approval. U.S. officials in Havana are banned from leaving the city, and can meet only with Cuban Foreign Ministry officials.
And we all know that, despite great political difficulties and the inevitable compromises that practical politics require, Reagan managed to translate his words into deeds time and time again. So just one small example of that may suffice. As Thomas Sowell put it:
The first problem with conversing with Santa is to figure out whether Santa wants to stay in character, or if you can talk directly to the fat guy under the suit. I tried to open with a question that would let him make the choice.
But how must we learn it? I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me, Phil. 4:13. We have need of strength from Christ, to enable us to perform not only those duties which are purely Christian, but even those which are the fruit of moral virtue.
Today I'm inside with poor Jack who was attacked by the nasty stomach bug last night. Oh well, tho it's sunny out it's also COLD so I'll putz at my Easter decor and maybe post some pics of that soon. This month seems to have it backwards - coming in like a lamb and going out like a lion. Stay snug friends!
There will be no future, I am saying finally, without war, poverty, Malthusian panic, tyranny, cruelty, classes, dead time, and all the ills the flesh is heir to, because there will be no future; only a present in which the left (always embattled and marginalized, always—proudly—a thing of the past) struggles to assemble the ‘material for a society’ Nietzsche thought had vanished from the earth. And this is a recipe for politics, not quietism—a left that can look the world in the face.
Who was our criminal matsermind?
Actually it was Flo's Diner Dash.
Written on the pages
Until recently, the caja banking system was virtually unregulated. Yes, you read that correctly, until about 2010-2011 there were next no regulations for these banks (which account for 50% of all Spanish deposits). They didn’t have to reveal their loan to value ratios, the quality of collateral they took for making loans… or anything for that matter.
go back,
The BFG was a pleasant surprise of a character. He is presented as a mysterious, black-cloaked individual, who looks - and is - exceptionally old. However, the BFG has a wonderful child-like wisdom that even at Sophie's age is subsiding.
Cambies was completely packed with people. No surprise there, as it is one of the most popular bars in Downtown, Vancouver. Lucky for the INTERNeX group we were there early so we avoided having to stand in the long, long line! Cambies is a great place to find cheap beer, an awesome atmosphere and fun people. There are really big tables that can accommodate a large group such as ours and the music always gets you in the mood to party.
A minute later I was out the door, my backpack full of my school stuff and a change of clothes. I walked quickly, crying hysterically, unable to catch my breath.
Each of the three female crew members have their own personalities: the doctor is always cheerful; the communications specialist is very analytical and weary of authority and; the scanning expert does not feel like she fits in.
Don Ward – owner of the Comedy Store in London – a perfectly named place – store instead of shop – as the idea being stolen from America – and “store” where comedy is sold - Don Ward once asked me at an Edinburgh party “which Lewis Schaffer do we have tonight: The funny Lewis Schaffer or the not funny Lewis Schaffer?” My point: Most people know what they see but don’t understand it.
“…really and truly anybody can fool themselves, and if it’s trending and there are so many others around them who think the same, then there’s nothing that will ever question that logic.. I also honestly think it boils down to a culture thing, you can get away with preaching for instance to your white friends about why they shouldn’t listen to western secular music, but those same white friends would never question Afrobeats, because they don’t understand it. It’s pretty much a safe zone.”
The dangerous ground that is no longer
This week has been pretty rough. Aside from planning Operation Letter and dealing with some of my asshat friends who claim it's a waste of time (there main reason being that when hes comes out he'll be a completely different person who wouldn't want to deal with that kind of crap), we have been tending to the dog because he hurt himself. I can't say exactly what happened, because no one was home at the time. All I know is that I left for class in the afternoon, came home around ten at night and asked by my mother if he had been limping. He couldn't walk on his back paw at all, but he wasn't crying or whimpering so we decided to wait a day or so to see if he improved before taking the last measure we dreaded.
Just look at how the beauty of written prose can be changed through text message speak. Taken from Wikipedia look at this “translation” of William Shakespeare’s A Midsummer Night’s Dream:
They patiently wait for Gram Mijo to arrive, after calling her...she told them she would come right over to help assemble cottonwood cotton balls "tetones" (as she called them when she was a little girl) into necklaces!
Including more omega-3 fatty acids into your daily routine could help promote better heart health, and potentially reduce your risk for developing a serious heart arrhythmia that could pose dangers to your long-term health.
Sanktgallen Shonan Gold
Whenever I explained to someone what the book was about, however, I’d find myself saying it wasn’t really a thriller. Yes, there was a criminal aspect to it, but really, it was about the darker sides of human nature. I was much more interested in the psychology of the people involved than in car chases or the like. After a while it struck me: obviously Happy Hour was a psychological thriller. That, therefore had to be my genre.
Habitation is giving away one of each of the pillows shown above. Two winners will be drawn and announced on Tuesday, May 31st (one pillow per winner). To enter, visit Habitation on Etsy and let me know which item from the shop is your favorite. For an additional entry, you can also "add item to your favorites" on Etsy, and leave a comment letting me know you did.
See what I mean? This is the only picture I had of it because I was in such a hurry to start my project, I forgot to take any before pictures. Oops!
Every single morning,
Head in store to meet the girls and have a chat to them about our newest treatments, ASAP’s GP40 Peel has been introduced to the salon this week.
Source: Zara
Mr. Azz: "Maybe you didn't hear me. I said I want to be seen TODAY! So give me an appointment!"
Rock, paper, scissors. Simple enough game: you shake your hand down 3 times chanting “Rock, paper, scissors” and then pick your weapon of choice. Rock beats scissors, scissors beats paper, paper beats rock.
Overall, the hotel is well worth a trip — it’s a great adaptation of the sort of place you’d expect to run into Frank Sinatra at the bar. (You might want to pack some hipster repellent, though.) And the Scottsdale Trader Vic’s is worth stopping by if you’re already there. But I wouldn't suggest a lengthy detour to check it out.
when I think of you
The process of clonal selection is in fact necessary to maintain hop varieties (8):
When asked what would be her one thing for graduates and new designers starting up to bear in mind, her answer was simple and clear: “It’s your business, you have the answers”.
Well, that's all for now!
1. A chiropractic or surgical device, possibly used for spinal injuries or setting leg breaks.
My blog has seen little love lately, so I thought I'd share some links to posts that have been inspiring and interesting to me. I've been so busy with Christmas projects that I have very little time to write on my blog. Of course, I want to share what I am working on, but then the surprises might be blown (especially since my girls read my blog sometimes).
A few months later, I noticed bank fees being debited from my account. High bank fees. Fees that, when I signed up for the account, was told wouldn’t be so high. It turns out I was set up with the wrong account by the person at the (surprise, surprise) Yonge/Eglinton branch. Instead of dealing with the branch, I took to Twitter and reached out to the team there. Within a few hours, the fees were returned to my account and the account was changed to an unlimited debit use account. A win for the social media team once again.
This image is called "mailed my heart" and she is a freebie from Whimsie Doodles. You can find her here.
‘I want a girl who got a badonkadonk.’
After about 2 weeks of doing this, they forgot the necessity, and I grew tired of always having to ask for help. So one day, I tried getting into my chair by myself and was successful. So, some days I’d ask, if a co-worker happened by as I came in, and sometimes I’d try it myself. It got to the point where I was really paranoid and fearful every morning hoping I could manage to get into my chair successfully. If I fell, I wouldn’t be able to get up by myself. I had visions of having to call 911 and having the firemen pick me up. It became my most frequent prayer every day, that I be able to get into my chair safely.
Did you know pineapple and raisins also go inside a carrot cake? This is one of those cakes I was not a fan of as a kid but I love it now. Complex flavors and that cream cheese frosting can't go wrong.
We had just completed (or so we thought) a successful military campaign in Afghanistan where we had routed the Taliban and established a seventh century version of a Democratic government in a country permanently locked in the middle ages. We still bore the wounds of 9/11 and while we vowed never to forget, we were beginning to heal.
This is annoying. Let’s face it, you didn’t get into the size 12s by being a picture of restraint. No, you got there through booze and the immeasurable amount of obscene things you can do to rice. The skinny person can also eat the rice, but she will do so in a bird-sized portions to silently mock you. If the skinny person is a man – he will eat a huge amount, do three sit ups in the morning, and due to the fuck-all qualities of testosterone – the fat will be gone almost instantly. This is something you just need to live with.
The Informer is not an easy read, but it is a memorable one and may best be described as being an expressionist novel. All the action takes place over twelve hours which may account for it’s relentless intensity. The Informer by Liam O’Flaherty without doubt deserves to be read by as wide an audience as possible.
That is where we came in, we who staffed these time stations, the temporal junctions. Mostly, we were there to assist, put people back on their own time lines. See them safely on their journey with as little inconvenience and disturbance as possible.
On Saturday I was supposed to run 10 miles with my group in Vancouver but I was out late the night before (OK, maybe 11pm or so, but that’s late for me!) and my cold was creeping in on me. When I woke up for my 8am run I couldn’t imagine driving to Vancouver, so I slept in. Eventually I did get out for a run, around 3:30 in the afternoon, but I ran 9.64 miles and not 10. That’s what happens when I plan my own route and run by myself. A few other things happen when I plan my own route, such as:
I've been meaning to get to this project for months but finally had the perfect excuse. I love how crib and toddler bedding is interchangeable, making the lifetime of things much longer. My daughter recently transferred from a crib to a toddler bed and I was so excited to be able to transfer the bedding along with her.
Hi,
Wish me luck for The Sevenfold Spell!
Even though you possess plenty, you are still indigent. You abound in temporal possessions, but you need things eternal. You listen to the needs of a human beggar, yet yourself are a beggar of God. What you do with those who beg from you is what God will do with His beggar. You are filled and you are empty. Fill your empty neighbor with your fullness, so that your emptiness may be filled from God’s fullness. — St. Augustine http://origin.ewtn.com/devotionals/inspiration.asp#16
Look up pietboon.com for more details of his projects and signature style (which he describes as "Simple Sophistication" but I tag as "coolly glamorous"). But in the meantime, here are some images of his well-groomed style, as featured in Design in Black and White. (Images Publishing.)
Shiner Dunkelweizen
It is possible to enjoy something and not all of the people who enjoy that same Thing (see Harold and Maude).
“Since the army routed them from their strongholds in cities, some rebels said they realized that even in guerrilla street battles they could not beat Assad’s tanks or artillery. The Syrian Liberation Army’s spokesman Qdemati said his group’s fighters were now focusing most of their attention on “manufacturing facilities” for bombs. “You are going to start seeing an escalation as we improve our techniques of bomb-making and delivery.”"
That fart changed everything. It made history. I’m not typing this to embarrass her or to over analyze a mere fart, but I was trying to examine the friendships I have with certain people. For some, I have a certain decorum and act a certain way. For others, farting is our way of saying, “you make me gassy, but I love you.”
I eat all the gooey stuff in the Kong. I nap.
“It confuses me in the most exciting way,” she said.
Life has been worse than usual here at Rancho.... and that is a mouthful folks. I'm having to force myself into each new day. It has been my remaining children and friends that are pulling me kicking and screaming back into the mainstream of life.
Two pineapple rings, cut into eights.
In case you're confused, don't be. For it all makes perfect sense when you think that their business is: photographs and endoscopes, (and after their latest acquisitions) medical waste disposal. Now, look again at the Diagram above. Isn't that what you see??
If there was a band that I should have found space for in my Top Ten, but didn’t, it was GNR. Other songs suggested in the comments included “Welcome To The Jungle” and and “Paradise City. Both brilliant, but I settled on “Sweet Child O’ Mine”. The solos soar and the rhythm rocks. It is perfect heavy rock’n'roll.
Don't get me wrong, on one or two songs they did well, and the band was good. The show itself, though, really, really needs a huge reworking, way better dancing, and a shortening by 30 minutes.
The 27-year-old entertainer opted for a multi-colored Versus Spring RTW 2012 printed pleated cady mini dress from the Spring 2012 collection that featured a white bodice and a mint green pleated skirt with white, black, and lilac volume print; worn under a large purple Mongolian fur shag cropped vest. The short frock was accessorized with diamond stud earrings and metallic purple and blue Christian Louboutin ‘Echasse’ sandals.
seven years in between could be so close.
It’s a hard thing for me to face up to sometimes – while the majority of the world sits back reminiscing on God’s glory, I find myself in a state of limbo, not certain about what I believe in or think. With a bog of questions plaguing my mind as to my religious convictions, always wondering as to what’s true and what’s myth, I find myself consistently unimpressed by religious institutions and their services.
Mullally appeared nervous when she took to the stage, not even acknowledging the audience until she'd sung two songs, possibly in case she was worried there'd be a mass bellowing of "Do Karen..!" from the Stalls. I'd had her first album for years, purloined in a divorce from a more tuneful ex, so I think I was more prepared than some in the audience. I don't think it was really fair to refer to this as the 'one-woman show' some reviewers were calling it, more 'Megan Mullally In Concert'.It would have been nice to have got more chat from her - the few thumbnail sketches of stories she threw in while she was lining up her lyrics were wonderfully blase' about including Mick Jagger and living downstairs from the woman who played the villain in 'Superman II' - but clearly she's more comfortable with a coterie of Hollywood writers around her. As would we all. These few insights were completely charming, but the juxtaposition between this quiet, almost nervy lady and the outlandish character she is more well known for was a little too much in the audience; two rows in front, some shrill queen whispered sotto voce "Is she going to sing all the way through?" I didn't hear his friend's reply, but the first responded back with a rather minty "Well I can tell you this now, we're not staying for the second act."
Let me try to tweak the recipe of the bun dough.
Much later, after sending away one more happy man, He looked up and around. Thousands were there, so neglected and still in need of His attention. He felt very sorry for them, deeply moved, but time was up. Many were getting hungry. It was late. The disciples were way past tired as they still regretted that they were not more secretive about their holiday destination. At that moment, the Master took a most disturbing decision. He wouldn’t send the crowd away, He would invite them along.
Below is my recipe for vegan char siew using taukan as the main ingredient.
In short, the Greens have a reasonable idea that winds up creating more infill rubbish and water loss than ever existed before they had it. Just like computers and the paperless office, if you follow.
Sounds like corpse, corps, horse, and worse.
14,325 days down Memory Lane is a long time. I know we all wander down Memory Lane, and lots of what we remember during our travels back there end up on our blogs and sometimes those memories end up making us smile, or may end up hurting us in painful ways we thought we had forgotten.
Driven Under
Many U.S. veterans suffer from effects of Agent Orange due to their exposure in Vietnam, as do their children and grandchildren. Vietnamese-Americans exposed directly to Agent Orange and their offspring suffer from the same health conditions.
During the month of October we are offering a 30% discount on room rates.
The annual conference is the major professional development activity for Oklahoma CareerTech teachers, counselors, administrators and state staff. Participants learn innovative technical and instructional skills, and also have the opportunity to network with and learn from their counterparts throughout the state.
172Sad proof how well a lover can obey!
It should be interesting! Even nothing happening will be intellectually interesting (but I hope something happens!)
There is no mistaking my Curse as a blessing. I was never allowed that luxury. It did not play nice before turning rabid. It has almost always been there, inside me, eating me away.
as men stumble and climb.
Happy Friday everyone! Here's what I came up last night while trying to clean-up my messy craft table. :).
102. For Lay, mother and grandmother are the most important people in his life.
Reason 4: My favorite quality about AdWords is that it rewards good ad performance – that is, for an ad that converts (clicks/impressions percentage) exceptionally well (high click-through-rate (CTR)), your ad will get better ad placement as well as better pricing.
I did shred (level 1 with 5lb weights, had to put weights down during last shoulder excersise) during T's nap and did spin at the gym.
Considering our diverse and varied experiences and the unique connection formed by two people, every relationship is completely different. Still, research shows that when it comes down to how we form and behave in relationships, pretty much everyone falls into one of three categories: anxious, avoidant, or secure. It’s called the attachment theory, and according to astudy published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, about 20 percent of people are anxious and roughly 25 percent fall into the avoidant camp, while the rest of the population are considered secure.
“Whoo, go Max!” Dane cheered.
What a fascinating life and great insight to the merits of public life. Keep your head down, don't rock the boat and one day you'll be clad in ermine. Obviously to claim a bit of gravitas for posterity, Clark claimed he was shunted from his role writing the White Paper on Freedom of Information, because he shunned the
And the biggest secret of all?
***Please don't forget to leave some love for these talented ladies if you do use some of their images. It's so encouraging for them to hear that someone appreciates their work!
There was a recent article in the NY Times that discussed the potential impact of digital editions of books on mega booksellers, such as Barnes and Noble. The article noted that, as in the film "You Have Mail" the romantic comedy which had Tom Hanks' "Fox Books" book chain pushing Meg Ryan's "The Little Shop Around the Corner" out of the book business, digital books sold online at lower prices may now be threatening the large book chains with their relatively high mortar and brick overheads, in the same way the big chains previously muscled the little book stores out of business.
Thanks World Market for the entertainment that night!
manners
To make this perfect, I would cast Hugh Grant as Henry Higgins (or maybe Hugh Laurie, it looks like I’m stuck on Hughs here) and have whoever the Higgins is to sit on the panel.
But it was no use. Ice Voice had hung up on me.
Taliban militants have regularly been targeting the convoys, even when they are heavily protected.
Creative Commons is important because it protects the users who use an author’s works from copyright infringement as long as they are abiding by the author’s terms. Before Creative Commons licenses, there was no easy way for an author to share their works freely and there “was no place for members of the public to go to find new works that they were free to reuse and remix without paying fees,” (Kleinman, 2008, p. 594-595). Now Internet users can use Google to find Creative Commons licensed content as well as Flickr for searching through images and many other sources for video and music.
With school holidays fast approaching (wasn't it just half term?), a special reading challenge for young bookworms has been launched in aid of Britain's The Children's Trust.
2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger
Now he is blind totally, and totally deaf.
But to Jeremy’s surprise, Karan was actually hooked by something. “Tip them off… That’s it. If we need to talk to someone and yet not have them killed, all we need is the police protecting us. Of course, they won’t know they were doing that… they would just keep the killer at bay.”
Baby blue is a baby who was murdered by his psychotic mother. Nobody knows his real name. His mother murdered him by shattering a mirror and stabbing him to death with a shard of glass.
Nothing else troubles me apart from not being able to pull your knickers down and give you a good fuck. Instead, could you write me a dirty letter, by return of post? I mean really filthy, full of all the dirtiest words and deeds you can think of? I require this most urgently.
AD : “No.. forum… 150<U+2033>
Chasing Amy
I came down these. I could have gone up too.
but I don't care if I ever make a CENT touching the lives of teens.
Okay..so moving on...I am about to run out the door to my lesson for Bible Class ready in the morning then to go and hang out with the in-laws. So here is my Currently for May. Enjoy and I'll be back tomorrow with my Someone New Sunday! I've had a few more new bloggers come out of hiding and I can't wait to share them with you.
A few minutes and a fuji apple later, I was bored to tears. I was ready to give up. I saved the single paragraph that materialized before my brain conked out and resolved to entertain other story ideas. I’ve always wanted to do a sort of retrospective on how things were like for me this time last year. I went through my vintage buoys and to my surprise, this is what I found tucked in the bowels April 2011.
But those days were good.
Great Divide Brewing Company Double Wit
Add chocolate chips, and stir.
It’s also still available as an eBook for those of you who prefer that. But now there is an actual physical copy, something that I know that I love.
Also, if you have to have corned beef and cabbage for St. Patrick's Day, Randall's has corned beef brisket tips on sale for $1.99/lb. and green cabbage on sale for .39/lb. through tomorrow. You will need a Remarkable card to get these prices.
Several feet.
Share What You'd Want to See
2. The bread represents the body of Christ
Cream butter and sugar.
10. Video, share, and celebrate your successes! Take advantage of youtube, facebook, email, your school website, friends, and family. If you’re into it, do a blooper reel too.
As I've been able to peice-together the events with my very rusty French, it seems that after the initial actions of Renouveau Francais, the arestees were replaced the next night (25 October) by about 140 Catholics including the trads and members of L'Action Français. Reportedly, there were more than 300 on the 26th (cf. the clip embedded above) and I have not yet been able to find out how many were present tonight. Fr. de Caqueray in his communiqué of 26 October, reported that the police response was to "[arrest] by the busload". Below is another video showing the police doing just that:
But she does have one skill: while wearing shapewear and with her reading glasses perched on her nose, she can out-research the best of them, especially when her caffeine levels are high.
Wildlife habitats have always been about putting the needs of wildlife above the convenience of humans. Broad application of fertilizers may keep the lawn green and the flowers constantly blooming, but the runoff of phosphates into waterways causes major pollution. Ants and other garden pests can be irritating, but overuse of pesticides throws off the balance of nature, killing all insects without regard for their place in the ecosystem.While we use the very occasional dose of MiracleGro or other fertilizers here and there in the gardens, we have a much higher focus on using the right plants in the right place and adding compost to enrich the soil. As for chemical pesticides? They don't have a place for us.
-Lower blood pressure.
Hand loom weaving supports up to 9 times more families as all of the work is done by hand. In India, there are hundreds of villages that survive on the art of hand loom weaving alone and many of these villages are facing dire poverty as the demand for hand loom fabrics has dropped significantly in the shadow of the quicker, cheaper power loom option. We are trying to support these hand loom weaving villages and their dying art, as well as have a better effect on our environment.
NEXT MOVIE: Ever After: A Cinderella Story (1998)
5/15 @ Santos Partyhouse (Shortcuts Party) – New York, NY
The scientists took them through a series of interviews, breath tests and assessments of their levels of drunkenness, such as slurred speech and ability to walk.From the overall sample, 80% said they intended to drink more before returning home, with one in 10 believing their total alcohol intake would be more than 40 units before bedtime.Yea Gods, do SKY not have the common sense to see they have been fed a prepared story by a lobby group Alcohol Concern, a group that is funded by YOU. They are not a charity, at least not in any meaningful way, instead they misuse the charities act; pass themselves off as a charity whilst pushing a political agenda calling for regulations and higher prices on your tipple.
1 cup dry fruits ( cashewnut, almond, raisins), finely chopped
Rows of cages are often housed in giant, dark, filthy sheds or barns where the ammonia from the animals’ accumulated urine and feces burns their eyes and lungs, or they may simply be lined up outdoors, where animals have no protection from bone-chilling cold, driving rain, or sweltering heat. Parasites and disease run rampant on fur farms, making these animals’ already miserable lives even more unbearable.
It was already animated and runs with 54 episodes (latest). On the other hand the manga already climbs up to 230 chapters however english translation for this manga is a bit slow that in only covers up to chaoter 190 being the latest chapter translated.
The court heard that Puay had surrounded the deceased with other gang members and chased him during the assault.
I've been as busy as a bee trying to arrange all the
We can't buy more time 'cause our tender isn't valid
Today is the new challenge over at Wild Orchid Challenge where ANYTHING GOES! And because Blogger has been unkind to many of the challenge blogs, we are offering two GREAT prizes this week....So come on over and join in with us!
When I get stuck at a point in my novel (as all writers do) and feel like the muses have abandoned me, I take a step back to look at the goal of the piece, usually with a wine cooler (or hot tea) in one hand and a sweet treat in the other. Both food and drink calm me, and focuses me, removing me from the irritating position I’m in of having the dreaded writer’s block. Sometimes I like to imagine what my characters would eat and drink under stress and I go find that. Unfortunately, I don’t drink beer, so if Derek (my male lead in Echo, the first novel I’m working on) would grab a cold Budweiser to ease his nerves, I resort to a Seagram’s Calypso Colada. If the name alone won’t inspire me, the taste will. Tara on the other hand (my female lead opposite Derek) is more of a teetotaler. She drinks the occasional wine (of which I do not) and calming teas (my choice of drink also) to help her work through her problems.
First Place: $300 + a reading & Q&A in a NYC Theater – Total value: $825
D.Lux
Source for information below: Chez Chiara: These customs have more to do with Vernal Equinox and not necessarily with the full moon. Please click on the links for many photographs and customs around the world.
Pursuant to Section 13, Article VIII of the Constitution, I certify that the conclusions in the above Decision had been reached in consultation before the case was assigned to the writer of the opinion of the Court.
Some of the things she writes about are well known to those of us who have read many spiritual books over time, and they are like a reminder of knowledge already gained. Yet other things were new to me. Tonika has a different view on many historical events as well as on spiritual protection as such in that she writes, there is no such thing as protection from false energies. Tonika writes about discernment, a much needed quality in these times of immense information coming towards us.
A merciless battle of wills ensued. From inside the house, Joe's mother was waging a war of silence, ignoring both his calls and his relentless hammering on the doors and windows. It's hard to imagine GBT Joe pounding anything too hard, since it's common knowledge that he'd much rather be the poundee. The poundee of an entire rugby team. After being denied access to his own home for a substantial amount of time, Joseph called his father. Unfortunately, his father's best advice was to wait outside for his mother to calm down. GBT Joe pointed out that if his mother had had all night to calm down and hadn't by now, things weren't looking good. Having stood outside his house for over an hour, without any sign of his mother, or his father's spine, GBT finally lost the proverbial plot.
Before we get to the root causes, I feel it is necessary (for the sake of those who are not entirely familiar with this issue) to first discuss a few basic facts and features:
Hail Satan!
Back in August we went to a BBQ at a friend's house (oh, here's a picture of that day) on the lake. While we were there, they showed us how they got rid of the noisome chipmunks who ate all of their grapes and tomatoes and other garden offerings. If you must know, it was by setting up buckets of water with food balanced on them, where the hungry chipmunks would eventually meet their fates by drowning.
I am at a loss, my dears. I am so, so very at a loss. There must be something missing, something that we are missing, for childhood to be lost so quickly. Something is wrong if we lose our identity and pride and childlike joy before we even start middle school/highschool. There is something wrong if girls like my beloved Renee and Robyn think that what they look like, what they listen to, and how sexually appealing they are to others influences their worth as human beings.
I think keeping a travel journal is important; it’s a way to recall a time and a place that had some significance to you, and a way to share your adventures with others in the future. It doesn’t have to be a full-length novel – and Amazon has some interesting-looking journals to get you started.
Here I think we get to the basic ethical problem that flat ontology opens and the question of what a flat ethics might look like. I’m of the mind that even within an object-oriented ontology, ethics must nonetheless be the domain of the relational or, as Morton might put it, the ecological. However, this relational domain of the ethical must be a strange kind of relation, insofar as it must be a relation to the non-relational and a non-relation to the relational. In other words, the ground of the ethical would be that moment where relations to the non-relational are no longer governed by the similar/dissimilar schema, but where the contingency of ones own system/environment comes to be recognized and perception of a plurality of system/environment distinctions inhabiting the environment of a system comes to be discerned. In this respect, flat ontology would recommend something similar to the ethics of difference Lacan suggests at the end of The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis. As Lacan writes there,
In Halton, however, Lacroix said that the boards have begun to lease a neutral office location and since 1996 have been realizing more than $1 million in annual savings from joint busing.
Original Air Date: Apr 16, 2012
They have also expressed, “We cannot just protect the 6 members of 2PM, and hope that the continuous withdrawal of Jaebum does not happen again”.
14. Give up attachment. This is a concept that, for most of us is so hard to grasp and I have to tell you that it was for me too, (it still is) but it’s not something impossible. You get better and better at with time and practice. The moment you detach yourself from all things, (and that doesn’t mean you give up your love for them – because love and attachment have nothing to do with one another, attachment comes from a place of fear, while love… well, real love is pure, kind, and self less, where there is love there can’t be fear, and because of that, attachment and love cannot coexist) you become so peaceful, so tolerant, so kind, and so serene. You will get to a place where you will be able to understand all things without even trying. A state beyond words.
“Like that woman who just passed us! She is miserable! … And the reason I know that, is because I used to do that! I would think about how I wanted to look and who I wanted to look like. I would pressure myself to have the perfect figure, reach a certain weight, fit into a certain clothing size, and I was willing to do Anything to get it. Even if I felt awful afterwards!”
6pm: Hanging out with friends
exhale.” The circulation of our blood
(1) An invention shall be considered to be new if it does not form part of the state of the art.(2) The state of the art shall be held to comprise everything made available to the public by means of a written or oral description, by use, or in any other way, before the date of filing of the European patent application. ...Facts
I'm not trying to catch up, life moves fast. I'm happy to just be here and in my own pace be present, day to day.
Mediocre purgatory. Whatever.
makes 3 dozen cookies
Who read them? Who looked forward to them? Even the most entertainment-starved, bored persons might impatiently scan them, attempt to get absorbed in them, and give up around the fourth paragraph.
Take our latest hero who went against the grain by not donning a cape. Instead he used a handful of “cheese”-flavored Pringles to fight crime. He is Snackman.
4. GO TO CLASS — Seriously, if you’re gonna spend your (or your parents’) money to go to college, then FREAKING GO. I’m so tired of hearing the same questions asked because people didn’t go to class and do exercises or get due dates. WORK IS GOOD FOR YOU!!!
There are jars that need turning and knobs and handles....perhaps a dragon or two...
Working for both festivals, I felt like a kid in the proverbial candy shop. Not only did I get to write and edit in a variety of formats –analytical essays, press releases, scripts, etc.– but also got to watch as many movies as time would allow. Granted, given that both festivals this past year programmed more than 140 films each, there was no way in heaven that I could watch them all. But I saw enough to know that the art of the moving image is alive and well, even with all the changes taking place in the world of filmmaking. On the down side, most of the films I saw will never, ever receive mass distribution in the United States, outside of their eventually being released in DVD or, maybe, through video-on-demand.
Examples: Ch 1, sc in first sc, *ch 1, sk next ch-1 sp, sc in next sc, rep from * to last st, 1sc in last sc, turn.
I. Let me show you what the apostle Paul did not glory in.
I haven’t seen Titanic since December of 1997. That’s on purpose. I’ve accidentally seen random scenes here and there on TV, but other than that, my memory of the film is ENTIRELY based on my recollection from that one, single viewing. I wrote this blog over the course of a couple of weeks, and I discussed some of my points with some known Titanic fans throughout the process. I’ve come to realize that some of the details of my arguments (specifically relating to the ins and outs of the specific plot) are possibly not entirely accurate. I’ve decided to leave the points as-is, and am planning a follow-up post where I re-watch the film in its 2D entirety, and adjust my opinions as needed. I promise to be honest with my re-assessment.
Yes or no?
Faber: We had the big move. The gold price overshot when it went to $1,921 on Sept. 6 last year. And then we oversold on Dec. 29, when gold went down very quickly to $1,522. I suppose around this level, gold’s price is moving sideways. I wouldn’t mortgage my house expecting prices to go up. They could still go down more and we would still be in a bull market even if gold prices dropped to $1,200/oz, although that’s not in my forecast.
In 2008, Lorillard Tobacco was entered into a separation agreement with its parent company Loews, and became an independent publicly traded company.
On the tongue - A sharper, punchier version of their wonderful cask version.
Of course, it’s nicer to have the Sketch markers because of the caps having the color names on them, but is that worth $2.20 extra? I don’t think so!
PRINTED responses will be collected on Thursday.
This is only one example that has me wondering why no one got hurt and why their parents never found out what they were up to.
Eleanor of Aquitaine by Alison Weir. This was for the History category in the Mixing It Up challenge. I have still to review it so won't say too much. It was good although not the best history book I have ever read.
After enduring the poorly implemented new features of PlayStation 3’s Yakuza: Dead Souls, one wonders if the popular gangster franchise is headed for a similar fate.
A quiet taxi ride to H's (which is always a blessing) and a good time with J. H is feeling better (her allergies have been bothering her). And J is really improving in his reading. We had a nice time together, though I really had to pray that the Lord would help me leave the incidents at school behind. He answered my prayer and gave me the strength to encourage H and be completely attentive to J. There was road construction along the main route back home, so the taxi driver had to take the long way. Thankfully I was wearing my sunglasses and he couldn't ask me any questions. (I bought some new "Kurdish" sunglasses when I went to the market with T. Since wearing them, I've noticed that I don't get honked at or "nee-howed" wherever I go. The dark hair comes in handy!)
Side note on Disney: Why in the name of pacman could I not have bros like these in my park? I'm pretty sure that these guys got reprimanded for being "Out of Character" (Disney is very strict like that, I only know because one of my cousins worked there for a few years), but still definitely entertaining.
It must've been wheelchair day. We saw a mom wheeling her delayed teenager through the toy aisles. I smiled at her, and we continued passing them all throughout the store. Was her daughter on target? Not a bit, but she was happy and enjoying spending time with her "mama". Then I saw a gorgeous teenager, not delayed, but also in a chair. Wheeling herself through the card aisle, giggling with her girlfriends. I'm sure her mom's heart broke when she realized her daughter would be in a wheelchair, but her daughter was well-adjusted, happy, even carefree.
3. Downsizing can be liberating.
Waterproofing
Will they still exist?
May we give thanks in all things, being reminded that we are not entitled to anything on this earth. And in so doing, may we grow in humility. May your act of thanksgiving the next few days be an act of worship. And may it saturate every area and every day of your life.
The bath tub won't drain, the sink is leaking and the toilet won't flush, sound like every one's worst nightmare right? We all know the home repair projects that can wait, but what about the one's that can't? Plumbing is nothing to let go. I've played that game before and I realized things only cost more money when you don't keep up on your home maintenance. Face it we all hate to call a professional in to do projects, but sometimes it just can't be helped. Temecula plumbing can help you in any situation. My bath tub wasn't draining and of course we plunged and plunged till finally the water just sat there. We were actually bailing some of the water out every time we wanted to take a shower. Talk about desperate! We waited so long to get the drain professionally unclogged that of course when we had a done we experienced a broken pipe. Yet another cost I really didn't want.
Heres the long story...
Trouble Boys
Long have we bemoaned the lack of a centralized resource for tracking upcoming releases and books in progress. ReaderAlert helps with the first; you can create custom searches by author, genre, and subject so that you can be notified when new books are either released or scheduled for release. It’s not quite as precise as we’d like, but this is definitely a step in the right direction.
PUTAR: The PPP has requested the Indian Government to support the Resolution.
Paymar serves a Resource Specialist for the leftist Battered Women's Justice Program in Minneapolis, providing training and technical assistance to professionals in the criminal and civil justice system, law enforcement and the U.S. military on ways to end domestic violence.
Fish come in three varietes in Egypt, Fresh water, from the nile, and saltwater from the Mediterranean, and the Red Sea, where species are different.
"What's wrong!"
Thai governmental nurseries give away seedlings of these trees (and other trees too, like teak) for free, which is a fantastic project to promote reforestation, add beauty and shade to the landscape and to prevent erosion.
prayer — added to the show at
They didn’t tell the network.
Those are my thoughts.
Hello Sandwiches!
What are you going to do to celebrate National Punctuation Day? Please share your ideas.
Until 1996 there were 54 textile mills in Mumbai: 51 composite mills and 3 spinning. Of these 25 were in the state sector, being nationalized mills, and the rest were in private hands. The National Textile Corporation (NTC) had been formed after the nationalization of mills by the Indira Gandhi govt, in 1974. The idea of nationalization was to protect jobs and save the industry from sickness. Now however, NTC is behaving in exactly the same way as the private owners, in lack of accountability, real estate profiteering and outright fraud. In fact the NTC did not even want to follow the DCR and give a part of the land to the city and for common purposes, even if they were being given equal land outside the island city in exchange.
- Morrie Schwarz
Since its opening in 1913, the hotel has undergone many changes and has had a couple of new owners. In the lobby, you can find the elaborate private collections from these owners in the several sitting areas. After adding several hundred more guest rooms and updating their looks, the San Marcos Resort has become what Dr. Chandler always dreamed it would be, an oasis in the desert.
In one, I was driving a car in which all 72 of us were riding. I had no idea where we were or even where we were going, but I didn’t want to admit it, so I kept trying to get my bearings by looking at road signs. Because I was going a little fast, I missed a curve. We ended up in a large flat area and came to a stop facing the way we had come. Still not wanting to admit my ignorance, I said I was just turning around.
Meal Included: Breakfast
First of, this has been long overdue. I have not been able to find a perfect post to squeeze the Awards in. Stephanie from Eat. Drink. Love, who I completely adore her blog has been a real sport. She has countless time gave me really sweet compliments too. And now to add to the list, she has given me three awards. There were two awards where I received from a sweet dear foodie friend Elisabeth. The awards were "Stylish Blogger Award" and "Sisterhood Blogger Award". Now I get to add a new one to my belt, "7 Facts Blogger Award". I appreciate that Stephanie, if you're checking out my post anytime soon.
I currently have 3 other; relatively expensive Belgian style American beers in stock; as a result of this; Tom questioned whether we needed to stock another?... Valid point. Although; in true Ruth Deveney style; I didn't admit it. I was thinking; I'm going to have to push this on newly separated men or Wiley hen party participants; on namesake alone; if it's not a beer I'd happily endorse.
There was a brief countdown and we were off! Running into a wooded area, initially on heavily-watered trail of mud and then very quickly off of the trail. Without a trail we had to dodge trees and logs and boulders, fighting the overgrowth while striding carefully enough to avoid injury. The uneven territory made for several runners falling very early in the race, tumbling or rolling their ankles (none seriously that I saw). My team of 9 was for the most part grouped together at this point and we made it through the first portion of the run (only a half mile or so) amidst a bunch of ‘Hoorah’s'! The first obstacle was Kiss of Mud:
The tomb of Jesus was continually guarded. It was closed with a 2,000 pound stone making it impossible for even a healthy man to open it from the inside. We know that a soldier would never take a body down unless the person was dead. If he did and the prisoner escaped the soldier would be subject to a penalty of death. We also know that when the soldier pierced Christ’s body there was a flow of water and blood, which is a clear indication that there was a separation of clot and serum, which is strong medical evidence of death.
Think November 9, 1965, when 30,000,000 people in the US Northeast were in the dark due to a massive CME event. Living with my parents on Long Island, I remember this one. My sister remembers it even better. She was returning home from NYC on a high school bus when the entire city skyline simply disappeared before her eyes. Poof. Lights out!
“If you become a fisherman,” said the little bunny,
There are many in the media and within Scottish football who seem to believe that some form of Ibrox club is so important that it must be allowed into the SPL no matter what.
Seattle Seahawks: D
In this article I prove that the astrology is a false and it is a myth. There are thousands of astrologists in the world, they says that they can predict some ones future accurately. But there is some thing went wrong.
Makes @ 14 oz.
Since we moved from Senegal (West Africa) where we lived for two years when our first child was 10 months old, I didn’t pick a theme for our girl’s room (or nursery) until we moved to Okinawa, Japan, our onward assignment. By the time we arrived in Okinawa, our first child reached 15 months. I wanted something atypical for her room. She started to show her favoritism in pink around 12 months and pink items started to invade our home. I was surrounded by pink all of the sudden. In order to avoid the overdose of pink, I picked red for her room. I thought the red color would add a sprinkle of whimsy to the room.
Those who talk about inequality are trying to create a link that is not there, but that does not mean they are short on solutions. The answer to equality is, of course, redistribution, which must by necessity be overseen by the state.
Tortuga: I do love her and need her.
Did you have a chance to check out the awesome ideas from last week? NO!? Well, after you link up this week, go look through the ideas from last week because there are some amazing ideas.
Rejuvenation
My co-workers and I sometimes hold organic church conferences throughout the country. These events are designed to do several things. One is to equip believers to be prepared to live “body life”. Another is to connect people together who are like-minded concerning organic church in their geographical area. These events are training and equipping events, they are not meant to be organic church meetings.
Eureka Optima 437AZ – Best Deal – Don’t Pay Full Price
Needless to say, I end up with a huge stack of books around my bed... some weeks, I have to literally leap over the stack to get into bed. And not to mention, there's a whole 'nother group of books that I have purchased and are on the reading list, too.... So this is library books and purchased books that I have to leap over. Serious exercise, I tell you.
3. Back Stage (Meyes, Fredriksz) 6:00
Now in the case of the couple above, who presumably find the national census offensive, the motivation was probably that they would receive some sort of tangible benefit - vouchers, the entitlement to dine free or even cash. However, I believe that there may be a latent motive which is far more sinister, though perhaps not conscious in some of the 'aggrieved'.
The Venus Project is an organization that proposes a feasible plan of action for social change, one that works towards a peaceful and sustainable global civilization. It outlines an alternative to strive toward where human rights are no longer paper proclamations but a way of life.
My arrival was not on your mind.
But out of three choices, Romney, Santorum, and Gingrich, Romney won with 39.1% of the votes.
Angel Burn by L. A. Weatherly
???? - May 5, 2012
Another way to understand fine crystal is to examine the purpose various pieces are designed to serve. Similar to the way a knife is designed to cut, and a spoon to scoop and sip soup, crystal stemware has its own designations. The use of the following pieces is obviously more ambiguous because they are all used for drinking, not eating.
Ill spirits walk in white, we easily know
Outstanding trait: Questioning attitude
and no one was around,
Sarah Palin isn't presidential material. I can easily say that despite the fact that I don't disagree with everything she spouts off about. She's very fond of telling us what is wrong in America, and there are things wrong in America today. Hell, that's easy to say. What I've never heard her utter is solutions to fixing what is wrong in America though. She's all rhetoric and sound bite.
...and continued with setting the scene...
Wordstock Literary Fest is crazy for me. I have back-to-back readings and interviews for two days. This year I interviewed Anne Enright and Anna Solomon and did event coverage for Michael Ondaatje, Isabel Wilkerson, Barry Lopez, Steve Almond, Peter Mountford, Charles Yu, and others I can’t recall at the moment. Plus, I wanted to get all my first editions signed, so I would do the interview, record the reading, take pics and then rush to the signing area. It was during a signing that I met Jennifer Egan. When she saw my press pass she asked me - with a smile on her face - why I hadn’t asked to interview her. I told her that I didn’t think she would have time. She laughed and gave me her email address and said to contact her, which I will definitely do. Lovely lady! I still haven’t posted all the Wordstock coverage to my site
And all those calls from the corner phone booth collect to mom and dad
1/2 tsp. mustard powder
My family is really being super good sports so far. I have to tell you, even the recipes that we make and are keeping are not delicious. We keep them because they are edible. I can totally see why so fewer people were obese 100 years ago. There is no chance of stuffing your face just because the food is so good. You eat because you are hungry and as soon as you are not hungry, you stop eating. We are back to looking at food purely as fuel. I suppose that is a healthier relationship to have with food but it's hard. Last night a commercial for Chili's Restaurant came on and I thought I was going to die. Big saucy, cheesy dishes, brownie and ice cream smothered in hot fudge...... I can't go on.
Nathan: Immoratal
D: "A blue alien cow! Hahahahahahahahaha!!!"
Described as the hottest art work in the world right now, Christian Marclay’s The Clock is probably the closest cinema has ever come to representing real life in real-time in all its complexity.
There is a similar pattern on the Canadian Venture Exchange. It has posted lower lows for 9 weeks in a row. It did post one weekly gain but earlier in the week it made a new low so this also fits into the analysis.
No matter the sinful actions you have committed There is still a chance for you to Redeem Salvation From our Sovereign Lord, God, Loves you so much that He has been by your side this whole time, God doesn’t see you for the sins you have committed But instead He, sees you for who you really are by seeking your heart instead of your actions…
because if it didn’t it would mean they would look for life just like the ones the sentence,
Article 74
Last week I talked about the truth, and how the truth is one of the building blocks of our lives. This is the predominant theme that runs through Jude. As Jude looks to close the letter, he adds what is called an ‘Exhortation to Believers’; basically Jude is trying to help prepare the believers for their necessary struggles as a consequence for living in the truth.[1]
Please go to their blog address, for example:
But regardless of whether it is bible study or chili, it isn't important to win - it's important to get up and go for it!
Space Marine battle barge
:: This video is kind of long, and probably only Chris and I really find it funny, but well, I hope it makes you smile. She is singing 'Here Comes Peter Cottontail'.
Yesterday he suggested MI6 had learned there were times when it should be open.
velvet frogs croak silently while above
Were people from all over the world, not brutally murdered
It’s gonna getcha
One tablespoon of chia seeds is 2.7 grams of protein. I add two of them to my smoothies (they taste like nothing) and get more than 5 grams of protein right there. Then I add a tablespoon of spirulina, which has 5 grams all on it's own. That's more than 10 grams of protein in that one drink, before I add any fruits or greens! That rivals any commercial protein shakes that rely on casein (which The China Study links to cancer.)
While I can accept that Hasbro executives don't give a stuff about the game or even the survival of WotC, you can bet the guys who work at WotC definitely do, especially those who've made a livelihood from this long-term. They've got a lot to lose, more so in the current economic climate.
With Anthropologie. When I'm feeling blue and haven't created anything...I often head off for a trip to Anthropologie. There are two in town, with a totally different vibe in each one. The downtown one is larger and has a little more of the Austin feeling. The one in The Domain is smaller and has a more upscale retail mall feel. Even though they have the same merchandise, just different design teams.
There’s an emerging tale that the players have told AW the Alchemist if they win the game El Capitan would be the man to lift the trophy. This shows that Arsenal FC is one big happy family with AW the Alchemist as the father and El Capitan as the first born son even if he’s 23.
All of these were done in MyMemories Suite (look on my sidebar for the link and discount code to get a copy of this fun program for yourself. The price after the ten dollar discount is very reasonable.).
Hopefully things will settle out this week and I'll be able to get back to work. I've got lots of ideas jumping around in my head. I need start letting some of them out before they cause a riot. That's the thing about ideas, they can be quite dangerous when they put their mind to it.
I use art as my means to get rid of stress. I journal to help work out issues. I create other art to give myself the feeling of accomplishment and self-worth. I try to make my art both crazy and happy just to make anyone who sees it smile.
The grounded throngs numbered in the thousands, at least that's my guess, about two or three percent of the entire Eastern North American population corralled for the evening by the wicked weather. Breeding pairs of Tundra swans are among the first to arrive in the Arctic, by then they are ready to be alone, defending a breeding territory of nearly a mile square. The non-breeding cygnets remain elsewhere, flock bound in daycare, while the adults are off doing...it!
Krabby is simply based on a crab, it’s one of the more realistic (ie it looks like the animal it’s based on) designs for Pokemon, though crabs are only that colour when they’re cooked. Its Japanese name is simply “crab”. In the anime, and the game PokePark Wii, Krabby walks sideways, like real crabs do. Instead of saying their name like most Pokemon do, Krabby goes “kooky kooky”.
How would you describe the relationship between Winter and her sister, Lucy?
Here is my list -- in no particular order:
Louie was about fifty years old, stood no taller than five foot one, and combed his thinning black hair straight backwards. He also used some type of grease to slick his hair back, because it always looked shiny and never seemed to move. Louie always had a cigar sticking out of his mouth sideways too, sometimes the tip would be a glowing orange while at other times it was black and un-lit.
I think that makes sense, that’s a good way to talk about it. As you write you’re trying to make it vibrate in the way you’d make an instrument vibrate, and there are sounds in the way, and you’ve got to write until all that other sound is out of the way. The things I write are products of a very urgently felt need to understand the world in a way that’s livable. And it would be strange if that didn’t infuse some of them with a kind of energy. That’s the real unifying thing: in a way, it’s not anything more than saying you’re another writer.
That is my table mate Diane Gonthier in the photo.
I'm also thinking of making a few changes to this blog... design and perhaps also some extra content (posts not always crafty ... shock, horror - lol - Oh, well .... we'll see!
I feel like I’ve been attacked. I don’t remember the last time I felt this emotionally drained, this alone, this exhausted, this angry. Every shameful thing I’ve done, every bad decision I’ve made, it’s all suddenly been brought to the light, and I’m exposed, standing alone amidst my pain and my brokenness, trying to figure out how to pick up all the pieces on my own.
Mdletshe said the driver of the VIP vehicle was reportedly catching up to the official cavalcade, and tried to overtake at which point he lost control and collided head-on into the oncoming traffic.
Nevertheless, the first thing a Jewish king was commanded to do was to write a scroll of the Torah to ensure that he would obey and enforce God’s laws and commands, rather than his own. A Jewish king must always remember the source of his authority, and that is the Torah or God’s laws. The scroll which he must always carry served as a constant safeguard against arrogance and abuse of power because the true purpose of a Jewish king was to serve as a moral guide and leader to his people.
silvana: hahahahhaha
4. There was a common language. The influence of French in the South continues to this day – and there are of course many Hispanic media channels and communities. But if you go to the US in 2011, even though they use odd words for pavements, prostitutes, rubbers and hello, 97% of the population has English as a first or fluent language
Now the record will stand as posted. I will not argue this point any longer. In addition, I have given my colleagues a current value on the projects I am now working on currently that I am hopeful will come to fruition in the future. All in all, yes I am very capable of saying I am a world class economic development consultant and I do believe my accolades, certifications and experience is truly that of a globally respected public-policy economic development professional.
This book has so much going for it, there is so much to admire and love here. It has everything (including its fair share of heartache.) This is a book that will draw you in and will not let you go.
Odisha State Organizing Committee
I'm one that likes to layer the papers and create depth within that process. Building the history of the art piece itself. I have a good sense for composition and design and almost all of my work comes from how I am feeling about things on a daily basis, spiritually and emotionally. Color is another strong aspect to my work and very natured inspired.
Born from the highly acclaimed and best-loved novels of three generations of readers -- The Zion Covenant series and The Zion Chronicles series -- Zion Diaries ventures into the lives of the inspiring and intriguing characters who loved intensely, stood up for what was right, and fought boldly during Hitler's rise to power and the dark days of World War II.
Defiantly Kathleen looked right at Claire. Startled by her mother’s directness, she splintered her finger on the woven reeds of the table.
I actually take better care of my running shoes then any of my other shoes too - only wear them for the work outs, unlace the shoes, box them up afterwards. Its kinda odd my obsession with them.
“Leave me be!” she hurled over her shoulder, and limped onward, but the shade kept pace, staying far enough back to follow without being seen.
I was shocked and appalled to read a Catholic clergyman extol the virtues of censorship on his blog. Having heard a rumour in his local pub that the BNP's Chairman, Nick Griffin, was to appear on the BBC's Question Time, Fr Peter Weatherby wrote the following:
‘We used to,’ Petro said, ‘back at the start. Now we’ve got self-winding technology,’ he pulled himself up onto the rope and grabbed onto an ideally placed knot, leaving space for Felicity to do the same underneath him, ‘which pulls us up.’ Felicity’s heart was pounding but, reminding herself how far she had already come, she grabbed onto the lower knot and lost contact with the tree; and with that, the last remnant of terra firma. ‘Hold on tight,’ Petro said, ‘but this time think solid thoughts: both you and the rope are insubstantiated!’
unitedhub.com boarding zones
There are flowers here, all the ones I know
Ideally I'd have a room like this all to myself. OK, in my most fantastic dreams I'd have a room, even a tiny one, with a view of the sea. There's something about the ocean that seems to inspire my creative side. But I'm not complaining - not for a minute! I'm thrilled with the place I've got. Hm, except for the lack of bookshelves. I have to go to other rooms for my book collection if I want to refer to something other than the thesaurus on my desk. Oh, it's a hard life!
Deadline:
OH! And yesterday I took a day trip to Pennsylvania with a group from church. Dennis took the day off and stayed with his mom. We went up to the Sights & Sounds Theater -- this time to see the story of Joseph and his multi-colored coat. It was FABULOUS! Of course it was! We had lunch at an Amish Inn... the food of course was excellent... and of course I ate too much! But I let myself do these things on occasion and just accept a little gain should it happen. I thought for SURE I would gain after St. Patrick's Day - but I didn't! It was amazing! Perhaps I will be so blessed THIS time too! Tomorrow is weigh day so I will know then.
We started with a shrimp cocktail and ahi-tuna that was out of this world. I’m not sure what type of sauce they drizzled on the plate, but it was a bit sweet and spicy – totally made the dish.
Until we find the love we missed, we're nothing Alfie
18. He won ‘Singing Jjang of 10th SM Teen Best Contest’
Even better, a sell sheet can be helpful when making an editor/agent pitch. A proper has all the elements you need to give your sales pitch in any situation.
No never joke ’bout mon-go-loids
Rachel Held Evans spoke recently at a Mission Planting conference about her upcoming book A Year of Biblical Womanhood where she said, “I believe the Bible is meant to be a conversation-starter, not a conversation-ender.”
What made you decide to form this band?
The President then spoke to troops, thanking them for their service and making sure they knew that the entire nation is behind them.
Tories last night attacked reported Government plans to charge innocent people a £200 fee to apply to have their names removed from the national DNA database.
How Do You Know – Dec 17
But back to the on-point-former-sewing-machine-cover. I ended up needing to trim it quite a bit and add borders in order to square it up, but I think I like it even more bordered than without. I think it will eventually become a mini wall-hanging, probably to be hung near my sewing machine.
Pub. Date: January 2nd 2012
Roses will continue to show love and affection to any recipient for many years to come. For more information about roses, or any other flowers, see our Facebook page!
Most of all, I am thankful for the opportunity to be me. I am grateful that I am able to see my family when I want, love whom I choose, live where I want, interact with animals, speak my mind, read about everything, and keep the faith. I know that many people don't feel comfortable expressing who they are because of where they live or who they live with. I am thankful to have been blessed with a pretty good life, overall, and the opportunity to be me — flaws and all!Happy Thanksgiving!
the street to drop off the older one but the little one kept trying
Weight: 1.2 lbs according to Amazon
III. Let me show to you why all Christians should think and feel about the cross like Paul.
warlike!
Also felt like updating my nails since my nails have boring for ages!
“Certainly there was an undercurrent of things esoteric, in the most mystical sense of the word, beneath the surface of Illuminism. In this respect, the Order followed exactly in the footsteps of the Knights Templars. The Templars returned to Europe after the Crusades, bringing with them a number of choice fragments of Oriental occult lore, some of which they had gathered from the Druses of Lebanon, and some from the disciples of Hasan Ibn-al-Sabbah, the old wizard of Mount Alamut.
To order, please choose your postal region and click the PayPal button to the right.
The transformation of my son's toddler room into a Big Boy Room was definitely the most rewarding. He is such a sweetheart and had been waiting so patiently for his room to match his maturity. Picturing his expression when I revealed the room to him still brings tears to my eyes. And the fact that this room was featured on numerous sites, including Design*Sponge, Ohdeedoh, BabyCenter, CasaSugar and Centsational Girl, certainly didn't hurt in the attention it received.
Today was one of those bursts of creativity. I mean, I woke up and couldn’t wait to get my hands around my hot glue gun. I don’t have these kinds of days too often, but when I do, it is absolutely liberating.
A new study shows that the majority of Americans do not trust the leftist propagandists of the MSM, that is good news, but there is still work to be done to finally and permanently wrench the narrative from the liars, looters and destroyers, which is why you should do what you can to support Conservative bloggers. For this particular blog, in addition to the tip jar, you can also help by buying ad space, shopping through my Amazon stores and links or getting some nifty anti-Obama merchandise at my CafePress store. Remember, lots of Conservative bloggers have Amazon affiliate accounts, so you can shop through your favorite bloggers' links for things you'd be getting anyway and your favorite bloggers get a small commission without costing you anything extra!
Here’s the Scripture she used:
yourselves living carefree in murder of children, worship of a “god” sized
Fresh sumptuous seafood featured prominently in the first few courses, as you might expect, with prawns and salmon bookending one of the most delightful oyster dishes you could imagine. Simple fresh oysters were paired with tempura battered oysters nestled back in their shells on a bed of sweet pumpkin puree. This, when combined with a crisp clean James Boag’s XXX Ale created a rare taste sensation.
Some writers have even said that it does not amount to hacking where simply someone accesses a phone’s messages because the default PIN code has not been changed.
It was not clear who were the first tea drinkers. The legend of Emperor Shen Nong was a bit far off in my opinion as the early writers always seem to attribute important discoveries to their rulers to glorify them. Some research also suggests that it was the Mon Khmer people in Burma who discovered it based on the etymology of the words for tea. Regardless, we know that the Chinese were the first to popularize the drink and to perfect the methods of processing tea leaves.
1). Against furious Leftist opposition, Reagan already had well underway by the time of Reyjavik a huge buildup of American CONVENTIONAL forces -- so that deterrence by conventional strength was at least potentially available to replace nuclear deterrence. And by the time any anti-nuclear agreement became effective there would of course also be time even for Western Europe to begin pulling its weight in conventional defence -- a prospect which Europe, particularly Mrs Thatcher, resisted vigorously, of course.
So this new job will be physically easier. But I am scared of high school kids. I remember high school. I was not a good kid. I just pray that doesn’t come back to bite me in the ass! I am truly excited though. It’s a job that if and when I do become pregnant again I won’t have to worry about losing it or taking time off. I’m ready for the change. I’m ready for new. I think it will help me get through this bump in my life. Nothing good comes from sitting at home moping all day. I’m not much of a moper though. I just get pissed off and use the word fuck a lot! lol.
That’s it. There’s never been a documented case of anyone contracting HIV in a normal household setting. You can’t get it by drinking out of the same cup, by giving hugs or kisses, wrestling, or just being plain goofy. What every normal family does.
Melt butter with olive oil in large deep skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and sauté until beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Add fresh mushrooms; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover and cook until tender, stirring often, about 6 minutes. Uncover: sauté 2 minutes longer. Season with salt and pepper.
Feeding
Time flies by in rapid style
In the month of dark grey monsoons.
When was the last time we saw consistent big plays down the field to a big wide receiver? Eric Moulds? Ok. So Terrell Owens provided a small cure here and there, but he didn’t get the job done with all his hype.
This is a grand opening, because it is an opening of the heart, to say, “I am ready to love” —not just to have a love affair, not simply to love something or other, but to truly commit and to be in union, because that becomes and is a reflection of union with One.
He was also started on a second, more powerful antibiotic. His little body was being bombarded and I just hoped that we would see improvement soon.
Here's the quick and dirty. The Avian Gospels is a story about a nameless war ravaged city that is suddenly, unexpectedly, buried beneath a plague of birds. For no known reason, millions of them flock to the city at once, blotting out the sun and covering the ground in a blanket of feathers and beaks.
…I had on a really comfortable, flattering outfit that I felt really confident in. How often does that happen? That’s like the fashion trifecta or something, isn’t it? Plus, I got three compliments, which boosted my spirits even more.
from static to moldable plasticity
Along came this lovely lass who asked me how much I was looking to spend. After I'd explained that I didn't want to spend much, she ushered us over to the expensive St. Tropez Self-Tanning stuff and proceeded to try and sell it to me. Oh gee... Why didn't I see that one coming?! After about 10 minutes of her trying her hardest to sell it to me, I was exhausted and out of objections, so ended up buying the damn stuff.
1 Part Butterscotch Schnapps
I'm going to be writing to the state legislatures over the weekend. If I have to I'll write to the governor.
Cambie St & 29th Ave – 8:00-8:05am
Now I am not one for clubs or loud techno music or huge parties with lots of alcohol, but I went to the cocktail party with Christina and met more people and handed out more cards and noted mildly out loud the predominant caucasian presence at this conference (other locals and I think it feels strange since we're used to more a diverse demographic).
He Hit me and it Felt like a Kiss....Crystals
Two split hearts open,
Greg Ienco, a journalist at local newspaper La Meuse-Liège, described the scene. "We saw four explosions. I was in a building 200m from Saint Lambert Square," he said. "It was quite incredible. We saw one man on the roof who tried to kill people. This man killed himself with a grenade."
There's a whisper of revolution. Then it'll be a murmur. Then it'll talk. Then it'll shout.
I tried to find out how someone could do that without my permission. The representative gave me a sketchy answer, then told me I could put a purchase blocker on my number that would keep it from happening again. Sounded good to me, but I had to giggle when I realized that I'd signed up for "Parental Controls".
My photography leaves a lot to be desired so these photos
Far from helping the world’s neediest, UNESCO’s top priority is helping itself. The Heritage Foundation’s Brett Schaefer calculates that 87 percent of UNESCO’s $326 million budget last year was allocated for its own staff, travel, and operating costs. More than half of UNESCO’s staffers are based in Paris, many pulling in tax-exempt six-figure salaries, with plush benefits and 30 days of vacation per year. UNESCO’s auditors reported that on travel costs alone, the organization was squandering more than $3 million annually via bad management and a taste for business-class airline tickets. A program of financial disclosure by senior UNESCO officials has been mysteriously delayed.
The rules require that members let e-mail recipients know how they can refuse future mailings and allow consumers to prevent the sale or rental of their addresses
Over the last number of weeks I have been thinking and praying not only about certain political issues, but the role of Christians, pastors, and churches in the political landscape. What is the appropriate level of political action or activism for individual Christians and churches?
Faye is feeding her lots and lots as she always wants feeding, Faye is a bit shattered by all the feeding but all in all we are coping loads better then with Max.
Schwarzenegger who toured the area devastated by Tea fire said: “When you walk around the area that was destroyed, it looks like hell.”
Within the past seven days, I trapped three critters under the hood, and will continue to trap until they find another place to party. Normally, I do not kill wild creatures, yet mice can be very destructive. My neighbor had a mouse end up in her auto’s AC unit, and aside from the stench, the repair bill was off the charts!
Now, as the youth begins a 14-year jail sentence for attempted murder, Mrs Mackay has criticised government fostering policies for putting her at risk.
Violetta Lipstick (MAC)
O Goddess of Spring,
Where ... or what ... or who is home?
In the present day context, Anna Hazare represented himself as the follower of gandhaian way of life. But, his way of going on a political fast for indefinite period and the dealing of his Team anna, against an elected Democratic Government, to change the whole system on the name of corruption. ,can not be considered a way of Gandhian principles..
- Sending a query that has clearly not been proofread
Menma: Why… did you do that…?
Now the objective is not to target any group or corporate houses (both are important entities for growth of country), but surely both the parties should benefit along with those whose food needs should be addressed by the govt. I know there is lot at stake, but from the pictures emerging is that the farmer, poor and middle class are the ones who have more at stake. One’s issue is identity, another’s existence and the latter one’s is food.
In 1767 the colony took its first census and reported about 52,700 people. By 1772 the state was divided into five counties, to which five others have been added since 1800.New Hampshiresoldiers played an active part in the colonial wars betweenGreat BritainandFrancefrom 1689 to 1763. By the end of the colonial period the seat of government was at Portsmouth, and there were 147 chartered towns in the province.
~ I drink Red Stag the way Cookie Monster eats cookies.
And love? When that flutters outside your window, you certainly don’t bat it away. It’s too rare and precious and one day, I may be so lucky.
Every day? Probably not but often I do. I don’t count it out. My servings of fruit and veggies are usually quite large.
Also! I just realized today is the 4th Anniversary of F.I.B! I held my first anniversary party at the old Freddy's and Les Sans Cullotes played that too as well as The Susquehanna Tool & Die Co. & the Anabolics! And an "Found in Brooklyn" themed art show on top of it all. Honestly I don't think there was any other place where I could of pulled that off so easily, Freddy's gave me the date and allowed me to run with it. Thanks Donald!
Lee Hyukjae
In the case of Microsoft v. i4i, some of Microsoft’s amici contended that the clear and convincing evidentiary standard has a “compelling effect on jurors” and that it is “tremendously difficult to persuade a jury to go against the decision of the Patent Office.”
Maybe one day even things like fishing nets will be intelligent (equipped with computer sensors), these could be used to catch the last few remaining fish – Or – maybe they could be used to ensure that only fish in abundance are caught?
Your Own Craft
Shadow Stalker looked at me, the eyes behind her mask moving to my throat. “Tough costume.”
Welcome to hell!
I got you, God, and you are ALL I need!
Peace. Love. & Cupcakes.
09. No Parking on the Dance Floor - The Bar-Kays / 4:29
Woe vnto woe vnto woe
Broadband is fast evolving into an essential medium of communication. So, a lot companies also have their websites activated on the web. You can apply for jobs online, surf the web for matrimonial alliances and a whole lot more. Email is fast replacing snail mail as the favoured mode of communication. It also saves paper and a lot of trees.
“We need to strengthen cooperation on extraterritorial legal processes, share technical expertise and information, and act as a forum in which to continue discussions on effective ways to fight against terrorism.”
3. What type of pickups are in your guitar?
I occasionally have full-length feature movies as dreams. Complete with scene changes, flashbacks, the whole nine yards. I've had Harry Potter dreams, dreams about some of the other books I read, murder-mystery dreams, but this dream takes the cake so I had to write it down.
Snack: almonds, apple
These same divisions can be traced out within the imperial nation as well, and readily make hash out of any attempt to sort things out along the simplistic “us and them” lines favored by political activists. In contemporary America, for example, different sectors of the population are subject to the same sort of privileges and exclusions that defined so much of life in British India; if you’re an American citizen, the average annual income of your parents is a more exact predictor of your own income than any other factor, but your gender, your skin color, the location on the urban-rural spectrum of the neighborhood where you grew up, and a great many other arbitrary factors have far more to say about your prospects in life than America’s egalitarian ideology would suggest. These complexities are hardly accidental.
Suzanne McLeod does a great job of explaining her world without lengthy paragraphs of exposition. I love how she drops nuggets in here and there, in a way that gives you all the information you need (but not necessarily as much as you might want), and that she does it in a very organic way. I think it’s hard to do this well, particularly when you write in first person, but Suzanne McLeod’s done a great job.
The diff between him and me is a simple sip of British tea!
Your tip this month –Think about forgiving someone who's close to you.
Mary: “High school me would have eaten high school you alive.”
Back to Rom.1; Paul describes the son as one who, “…was declared to be Son of God…” “Declared” comes from <U+1F41><U+03C1><U+03AF><U+03B6><U+03C9>, which should be translated as the one who, “…was appointed the Son of God…” (NIV’11).[19] To speak of Jesus as being “appointed as” or “determined to be” the Son of God might excite some readers. Is Paul disregarding Jesus’ eternal and inherent Sonship and claiming that Jesus was, at a specific point, appointed as Son? Moo says, “The tautologous nature of this statement reveals that being appointed Son has to do not with a change in essence – as if a person or human messiah becomes Son of God for the first time – but with a change in status or function.”[20] Paul’s vocabulary in Rom. 1:3-4 indicates the unique position that Jesus attained through his resurrection. Conveniently enough, each of these words are intimately connected to Ps. 2: Jesus as Son (cf. Rom. 1:3-4; Ps. 2:7, 12), Jesus as Messiah (cf. Rom. 1:4; Ps. 2:2), Jesus as Lord (cf. Rom. 1:4; Ps. 2:6).[21]
I love my divorce..................
Donna Summer I feel love US
Have you seen their wonderful collections of ribbons grouped by theme or color?
my cousins and i used to sit at our grandmother's wheat-colored waterfall vanity exploring the drawers filled with lady-making goodies. my favorites were the mini-lipstick samplers; they were so darn cute! never was a chastising peep heard from our grandmother as we likely smashed lipsticks into the their lids and plopped items any which place after our experimentation. oh, the patience she had to let us have such fun at the expense of her make-up organization.
Training is not a skill, it's a worldview. It's not about answering the questions than an unbeliever asks (though those answers are important), but rather it's about thinking through life in a manner that honors God. Training is in righteousness, godliness, not merely in content.
But the trailer also highlights a weary Batman/Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) who by the looks of things takes quite a pounding at the hands of Bane, who seems to have targeted Wayne for something. From what I know of the film (which is a lot, if I can pat myself on the back), Bane leads an attack on Gotham’s financial centers, and the movie touches on a lot of the ‘have and have not’ themes that have become hot topics during the recent economic upheaval and Occupy protests. It makes sense for Bane to attack Gotham’s richest man.
EMPLOYEES: Only use the loo at work. Not only will you save money on toilet paper, but you'll also be getting paid.
At that moment the veluptuous vixen attempted to open her car's door only to find out that she had locked her keys in her car.
I think my zombie is definitely scarier.
Back to my morning coffee – the beans are grown in the fertile mountains, and are Colombia’s number one export, along with sugarcane and petroleum, making Cali a fast-developing industrial hub. Today, the Diablo Ballet dancers explore café-lined streets, public universities, and futbol stadiums. Soccer decorations and t-shirts confirm widespread FIFA fever!
The more prepared and trained you are, the better. You don't hafta be a doctor or nurse to save a life. And you never know when you might hafta put your training to the test.
Another your love for movies,
What I have lost with what I have gained,
"too slow" i hear
Slice crooked neck squash in half and remove the seeds if desired. The larger the squash get the more pronounced the seeds are. Its a personal preference, if you dislike the seeds, remove them, if not leave them in.
The IDF’s understanding is that the mercenaries mainly chose dual-purpose items of this sort rather than guns, since opening fire would have made it blatantly clear that they were terrorists and not so-called peace activists.
It is during these tenuous times where we look to our American brothers and sisters for help and support, we see EDL members imprisoned for very “minor” offences, then thrown in jail only to be beaten by known Islamic terrorists gangs. It is as if the government want to intimidate us into silence, however we will not be intimidated, we will never surrender.
We quickly added cornflower
Looking at this list I can honestly say that on most days – then and now – I am actually able to do most of these things. Some practices come easier than others… for instance I have been really good at practicing gratitude but taking care of my body (number 12 on the list) has been put on the back burner.
Now... does anyone know where I can get some small Bruins buttons?
God’s purpose and grace was given us in Jesus before the world began. Now, when you are moving to create an entirely different creation than has previously existed — when you as God move in Genesis to create a “new realm of creation”… there is a reason for you doing so. Persons have “deduced” that God created man in response to the devil and his angels falling. That God created man as a separate race in order to give a new race power to choose God, and to “play out a conflict on earth” between God and Satan relative to man and man’s choice of God. There really is no reason to think this. It”s just an assumption based on human reason and partial light of God’s Word (knowing that God created man, man fell, and a battle is ensuing on earth between God and Satan relative to man and this creation). Let’s lay aside our own human assumptions and do a “deep dive” into the Word of God — a short “deep dive” into God’s Word — to hear God reveal the answer in part. Then, let us be transformed by the renewing of our mind as we give up our own concepts arrived at through conjecture, human deduction, and assumption — and let us gain the spirit of wisdom and revelation as we reject our own thoughts separate of God and receive His thoughts as our thinking from His Word.
And at 10.29 on 30th July 2010, after long and careful deliberation, Mr. (or could it be Miss? Hmmm…) Banerjee replied:
I want to know what she wants but it’s so hard to tell now, now that I’ve coccooned myself in a life with a six-digit salary and a Manhattan apartment without roommates. I’m having a hard time finding her at all. I can sort of tell what she looks like, or used to look like, but only sort of. It’s different now. She fed on poverty and indignation. She learned to thrive on pot paranoia. She drank with exotic dancers and junkies and poets. She had to struggle with a shit job, and most days the outcome was in doubt whether she, I, we, could afford a pack of smokes or a pint of booze from the cigar store on Geary. Bathroom down the hall. Learning to dry between your toes and slipping on your flip-flops right after a shower so you don’t catch one of the funguses hanging out. Having to save up for a pair of shoes (even shitty ones). Shopping in thrift stores due to need, not due to fashion choices.
15) *Tong Kwai, 2 pcs (optional, for extra flavour)
The card mount is very similar, although not identical, to John Rivis' family group portrait. Judging by the remnants of Holden's output that I have found on the net, schools would be his main clients for at least the next two decades.
After I sew down to four (!!) peices of yardage I can buy one.( one!!)
“Come here my child.” Father James held his arms out to her, motioning for her to quickly come to him. “We must hurry before the demons find you here.”
I love you R- for eternity.
Saying goodbye is something that I can never get used to. It will always hurt somehow even when it’s for the best. I don’t think anything that truly penetrated the heart will be easy to forget.
If you bother to thumb through you'll find one or two gems. For the most part, the information on display bores me to tears but I have found one or two things worth discussing. Firstly, the "sympathetic allies". No surprises that the Scottish Greens and Friends Of The Earth are listed in there.
Kate: Today, I want to welcome author Joel Arnold. Joel is giving away three e-copies of his YA suspense novel Snow Burn in the Big Awesome YA Giveaway. Welcome!!
The Wall Street Journal editorial of January 4, 1995 stated: “It was Mr. Gorbachev, recall, who in January 1990 chose to defend his use of violence against the independence-seeking Azerbaijan on the grounds that the people of this then-Soviet republic were heavily armed gangs of hooligans and drug-traffickers who were destabilizing the country and quite possibly receiving support from foreign governments.”
And the Winner Is: Deborah! her comment was:
Please don't think I'm fishing for compliments, I do have terrible self esteem and I do need to do something about my weight too. I was just disappointed as I'd hoped for better photos to share with you.
The kayak was not the important thing, though … it was the exhilarating feeling of a fear overcome. It’s still not my preference to be in the deep water. But I learned that, sometimes, the deepest water can bring the greatest joy.
- Flannery O'Connor
After waiting for 5 months to get into an empty unit in Somers Town, 52 Phoenix Road is now open! Come and visit us and take part in a lively month of community-run activities!
Keeping it together was pretty difficult as my blood oozed everywhere and the other driver walked out of his car unscathed.
Here's John R. Commons, a voice from 1907:
Ive always wanted to adopt, as long as I can remember. It just always seemed right to me, to help someone in need, create a family and still be able to make the world a little more like me, without having to give birth. Plus, I always feared the worst- my biological baby was sure to end up an ex-vegan, pro-life evangelical preacher/police chief libertarian. I was never able to shake this, despite constant societal pressures for me to “get married and have babies” (as a woman that was all I was supposed to be interested in). If I had a nickel for every person that told me, “It’s a phase”, or “Wait til you meet the right person”, or “You’ll understand later” I would be a gajillionaire. To be honest, it was really scary, thinking that the thoughts I had were somehow invalid and stalled, I thought I knew who I was. As I get older, Ive learned that my thoughts were worthwhile, and justified. Not now, but later, I do want to adopt children. They won’t look like me (and might not end up being the same species), but one day I will have my own kind of family.
The Germany legend netted 67 times for Bayern Munich in the 1972-73 campaign, a feat that was not bettered until the Argentina international completed his treble in Catalunya on Wednesday.
Afterwards we met up with friends for dessert which also helped cool our burning mouths. I had mango doufuhua again. This was my fave of the two, it has a better mango to tofu ratio and was slightly tangy as well as sweet.
and makes eye contact
I guess some people find it amusing to see a western kid jumping on a stone horse. I would also take a picture of that.
This week's ingredients are:
Of the European powers left, Spain, the favorite to win the Cup, had maybe the most difficult quarterfinal match, eking out a 1-0 win over Paraguay. I’d say Germany is the team to beat, based on how well they’ve played in the tournament thus far, scoring 4 goals in three of their games, two of those wins against powerhouses – Argentina and England.
Coincidental, I made the cake for the Sunday dinner with the family and forgot to take a picture with all the commotion. With a five-year-old, two-year-old and seven-month-old and the rest of the family, it's was a busy house!
Cake & collage. Collage was made by my cousin, and it's really cute! Pictures throughout my pregnancy and our wedding picture.
Irish stew. For the gods’ sake – bloody Irish sodding stew. And not even like his mum used to make. No, the tasteless fatty lumps of what passed for meat floated in a layer of grease and potatoes were scarce. Even Cora hadn’t made anything this vile – and that was saying something. He paused for a moment and grinned. That was the one good thing about the job. No Cora - the viper who had surely been Satan’s spawn. After twenty-five years of unadulterated hell, it was blissful to be rid of the bitching battle-axe.
I did not say that. No one ever really says that.
We've invented penicillin, space shuttles, computers and even artificial hearts, among many other wonders. So where will human intelligence go from here?
The general structure of the financial cabal and its top leaders has also now been mapped to some extent. For example, the Rothschild family dynasty leaders have been identified. The Swiss branch of the family is run by David de Rothschild in Geneva, the French branch by Guy de Rothschild, the German branch by Rothschild family member and Hitler daughter Angelina Merkel and the British branch by Evelyn de Rothschild.
- Smart Gun: Range 24”, S5, AP4, Assault 4, Rending
The burden was lifted when I took a long walk which gave me time to think and ask questions of myself. What drew me to unschooling in the first place? What keeps my family and me unschooling now?
Prior to the 1990s, it was clear to me what atheism, atheists, agnosticism, agnostics, dogma, and fanaticism were. That’s because we had clear and logically consistent definitions of those words. They were found in reliable dictionaries like Webster’s New World Dictionary. Here are the definitions I found in the 1975 edition, which I still own and use.
Wed 16th
“A devastating indictment of the lethal combination of incompetence and radicalism that has made Obama into one of the worst presidents in American history.”
Consulting with GriefCom's Foreign Rights Chair Charles Sheffield, it soon became clear that Dave's complaint was the tip of the iceberg. There was an enormous problem with rights sales to German and other European publishers, affecting many SFWA members, including Andre Norton, Robert Jordan, and Terry Pratchett. Short stories and novels were being sold to European publishers, but authors weren’t receiving royalties; in many cases, writers weren't even aware that the sales had been made. (Here's a typical complaint.)
Three strikes and your out, barry.
and guilt in heart
Sometimes, I despair of my species. Sometimes even listening to Bach doesn’t help.
The liberal gay community can’t quite seem to grasp this concept. Are they even liberals at all? They want freedom…for themselves, they want civil rights. If they would put their efforts towards cleaning out the GOP, instead of bad-mouthing it constantly, that would be the party that would be the logical choice for them to support.
The downside of course is the price. But if you're working in Manhattan and you're going to bitch about the prices, change jobs. And when you've got the best job in the city, a sandwich is a small price to pay for the feeling you get going to bed at dawn, knowing you have more in common with Batman at that moment than anyone you know.
UPDATE: I emailed Boyfriend at work and I was like "If someone asked you the question 'uterus babies not sticking to?' how would you respond?"
10. IF YOU DO WANT TRANSPORT, RESEARCH PRIVATE CAR COMPANIES. You can usually find a limo company that will pick you up from JFK for $80 or so. If you're a group of 4, it works out the same as getting the bus.
Whilst this may suit some - and all power to the guys running it - I think I'm developing my simple idea of what makes a good pub. It's so simple, yet seemingly hard to find:
2. Wash and peel off any damaged leaves from the sprouts. Trim the root end and cut in half.
The turn of the tide against the forces of darkness will not come by military power or a bomb. It will come because women and men of good will have seen in the distance the spark that calls them to respond, to put flame to their beacon, and to call the world into communion. Let us keep our eyes on the Lord this week, let us watch and pray with him, and may the spark of the divine light ignite something deep within each of us so that we, too, may become beacons calling out for the Return of the King.
I don’t know if I would’ve liked/ or do like Jesus challenging me to live outside of myself; to not just go with the flow of events; to freely give; to lose myself.
This is precisely what Chris Hedges points out in the debate in asserting that the power of protest movements is in their powerlessness. Kids with rocks against tanks is essentially non-violent protest, since there’s no chance of the rocks killing anyone. Any protest movement can only succeed by getting people–especially people inside the power structure–off the sidelines and supporting the movement.
Where to begin? I suppose I should start with March 7, 2011 and go from there.
Now I have no clue how this got started or anything, but since it is Monday today and I won something, then I am so into thinking and hoping that I will win something else later this week. It puts a smile on my face and a little spring in my step.
Being a mother daughter duo ourselves, we love having Brides and their Mama’s come in to talk wedding and flowers! Alicia had her Mum lending a hand from start to finish, these two didn’t miss a detail. Fall is a beautiful time for a wedding- such crisp colours! Alicia’s choice of varied reds, yellows and oranges complimented the background of their special day perfectly. The couples primary flower was the Dahlia (SO pretty).
7. Alabama Sings
Marc and I decided to go have a mini-date grocery shopping.
I know what you’re thinking. “Is it the weekend yet?”
The next question is: Where do we start? However we try to return to our roots, to remember that which we have unconsciously forgotten, the most important thing we must keep in mind: Just start the ball rolling.
I even managed to get hold of a large Moroccan tent that had been shipped over from the Sahara. We put it up in the garden as the perfect accommodation for those adventurous spirits looking for a ‘glamping’ (glamorous camping) experience! As Karissa and others will vouch, it was worth it just for the comedy of watching Sonny, Aaron and myself figure out the finer details of giant tent building. Much easier with camels, I’m certain.
Or simply going back to my first point, why is it up to God to change our minds, but Jesus, who IS God, says to “make disciples of ALL nations”? Doesn’t really make sense.
Unencumbered
They cannot be.
I first became acquainted with this problem through the Regretsy website, where people often poke fun at really shitty craft projects and “Steampunk” crap being sold on Etsy. According to the offended crafters and thin-skinned wieners everywhere, having a negative opinion about something automatically makes one a fat, jealous loser. And probably also a cat lady. And a virgin. Maybe a lesbian, too, it really just depends on the offended party. No no, my personal opinion that your craft project sucks cannot possibly be based on the fact that your craft project does indeed suck. I only think your craft project sucks because I’m so fat and jealous of your craft-making abilities that, naturally, the only way to cope with that jealousy is to insult something that is actually really really awesome.
The killings did not stop after the elections. In fact, crime and violence soared in all provinces of the country at such an alarming rate that temporary ballistic labs were established as a matter of urgency in all provinces, except the Free State. I suppose Nelson Mandela’s decision to release thousands of criminals from jail was a most likely reason why crime soared to new groundbreaking, or should I say revolutionary heights!
I was shopping at citi centre in RKS in Chennai when i heard the news about the earthquake. The tsunami warning came up and warned everyone that around 5 there’d be a chance of a tsunami in Chennai and that people better stay indoors.
chocolate cake too!!
The father, Ahmed Abuhamda, denies any wrongdoing, saying he followed the couple’s divorce decree when he moved the children from the Kansas City suburb of Overland Park to the Middle East in February.
A TV source also revealed to Daily Mirror: “Cheryl has been working on new material for months. She is determined to relaunch herself as a credible artist and The Voice will be the perfect platform to showcase her latest tracks.
scored with traditional notation, can only be gestured at
Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll
“His skin is black, but he is Russian inside,” said Mayor Vyacheslav Arakelov. “The way he cares about this place, only a Russian can care.”
submitted by Linda K Oregon/Alaska
I will be at a conference in Dallas for final tournament.
His name is Danny.
Senior Labour MP Chris Bryant accused Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt’s office of committing “a criminal offence” if it passed information to News International relating to its bid to control BSkyB: here.
For those with a triad of energy within… that is to say, human, celestial and spiritual (every single person on the planet has two, the human and spiritual) geez… words, ya know!!
To lift up to Him from my heart
I also bought me some new garden gloves because my pair either up and walked away or blew away. Both possible.
Oh wow. Seeing as how my last post took place when Kellen was 4 months old, its easy to do the math. Its been exactly one month since I posted. Surely you're all sitting on the edge of your seat wondering what we've been up to lately...
All the googling I could find said that the as JSON operator can’t be used on arbitrary objects. Well, that may be true in 1.3. It wasn’t in 1.2.
Ensure that all employees know the organization’s vision and goals. They must be knowledgeable about what business the company is in, where they are now and where they intend to be in a year or 5 years time. Stress on factors as to, why it’s good to work at the organization and what benefits are available for the employee. Empower managers and executives to make effective decisions and communicate it well. A happy employee will contribute immensely making the vision a reality.
Patent royalties are subject to risk since there is always a chance they can be declared invalid.
Here's the first song from their first album, one of the best song i've heard this year. Support Stephane and The Greatest Liar, they deserve it.
One of my absolute favorite writers is Carol Berg, who writes mostly high fantasy in first person male perspectives. I love her work to bits. But I also recognize that, until recently, the voices of the characters were pretty much identical from book to book, series to series (she’s slowly changing that). It’s a very recognizable voice, and it’s very effective, but as soon as she switches viewpoints to someone else, it becomes all too clear that it’s the book’s voice, not the character’s. Which can be all right, in some books, but in this case, it’s part of what killed her Bridge to D’Arnath series for me. Voice can be powerful, and it can be what drives and sells a book, but at the same time, it can’t remain the same for everything. It’s got to change, it’s got to fit the story told, and it’s got to be unique every time, otherwise, it’s going to sound less like a tool of the story, a vehicle to paint a moving picture in your mind, and more of a writer writing a book.
The latest advertising campaign for PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) is a classic case of the idea drowning out the message.
Next week, Tuesday February 28, we will meet at 2pm to discuss Chapter 4, the Fourth Chakra. Come and join us, it is free, fun and a great chance to meet new people.
1/2 cup roasted chopped peanuts
The best way I’ve found to remember a swim set is either to:
Which I'm actually not supposed to eat.
My material I used to make my card:
People tend not to associate healthy vegetables with something greasy like bacon, but a little bit goes a long way in this pureed soup.
Despite his warnings to others, La Trobe made notes on the recipes of these concoctions for his own personal use. One wonders if the aftereffects of too much ‘Julep’ were not causative of the ill description of the trip to Milledgeville in his book, “The Rambler in North America:
SNPKs stock price, meanwhile, has jumped from its opening day closing price of 43 cents US to Wednesday’s close of $1.54 US. With 420.5 million shares outstanding (fully diluted), Sunpeaks Ventures’ total stock market value is now more than $600 million US.
So, here are the Details of the Anniversary Hop:
Final note: I will post film synopses, posters and trailer links at the beginning of each month on Otherwhere.
Another cover shows newly appointed Dior designer Raf Simons sheltering from the camera beneath a selection of flowers. The image seems just right for the moment, the flowers symbolising Dior prettiness while the grey and Raf's slightly hidden face hint at the newness and rethinking which is surely to come at the label. There's an accompanying interview where Raf talks about his final Jil Sander collection and what motivates him as a designer. The issue is available next week on the iD site and at shops soon after.
Confession: Dan and I are massive Pointless nerds. Dan usually watches it while I'm getting ready for work, which often results in my getting v. sidetracked from the getting ready. If we've nothing to watch, we'll iPlayer an episode we've not seen. We might have secret aspirations to be contestants on there. In lieu of that, though, I managed to get us tickets to see it being filmed!
Demonstrations took place in other major cities across the world, including Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Istanbul and Hamburg in Germany.
I held it from myself in certainty of its futility.
It was sent by "Austin-based competitive food eater Hungry Todd Rungy" and it announced that in support of the American Diabetes Associations "Tour de Cure" Mr. Rangy would "attempt to break the world cupcake speed eating record at this year’s Cupcake Smackdown, on June 4th!"
Not even one meal.
Sam Houston played many roles in his life: husband, father, soldier, lawyer, Congressman from Tennessee, Governor of Tennessee, drunk, adopted Cherokee, Major General of the Texas Army, President of the Republic of Texas, Texas Representative, Senator from Texas, but perhaps his greatest role was at the end as Governor of Texas in 1859-1861. As secession fever built in Texas at the end of 1860 he stumped the state vigorously, although he knew it was hopeless, arguing against secession which he viewed as an unmitigated disaster for Texas and the nation.
6) Sam Adams Cranberry Lambic aka Cough Syrup
Affordable Payment Option:
Now, you see, doing a bootleg CD and selling it is stealing. Ripping a CD and sharing files (and I say “files”, even lossless) for free is a very different thing, it’s promotion, actually.
And about those secret resorts… So supposedly when all those those P-Hil-ish celebrit-type folk were over here, in those secret clubs and resorts. They were in the hot springs hotel by the library, the renovated hotel up the street from our old house, all those little hot spring resorts we never checked out. I hear Thom Yorke was DJing in some hotel nearby, Snoop Dogg was taking five somewhere in driving distance. I couldn’t find them.
I pulled a hot iron on my thigh;
Betty MacDonald would love both of them very, very much.
Bunch the deserts together,
You can’t say, “I want to lose weight” but never give yourself a number. How do you know when to stop? How do you know when enough is enough and the goal then shifts towards maintaining?
Poor folks cross the border for meeting basic living needs. They don’t read newspapers or blogs. They don’t understand India’s growing stature and accompanying security concern. They only heard that there are jobs in this and that far away land. The procession is rather big. Some will stop in nearby Calcutta, some will travel to Delhi, Bombay and half of them will cross another fearsome border to land in Karachi, Pakistan.
Anyhoo. I took the week after Easter off as a holiday, since I had vacation time carried over from 2011 that I had to either use or lose by the end of April. I had lofty plans to use that week to get things done, yo – file my taxes, overhaul the apartment (clean out the closets, scrub every inch of the bathroom and go through the clutter under the sink, get rid of clothing I never wear, maybe even sew a shower curtain since I can’t find any I like in the stores and am currently making do with only a $1.49 clear liner from IKEA), write letters, and maybe go for a long drive across the prairie with a friend, her kids and our cameras. Instead, I came down with a cold over Easter weekend that rapidly turned into bronchitis, and spent most of the following week hidden behind mountains of wadded-up kleenex, alternately sleeping and coughing to and beyond the vomit point. Fun times. The apartment got a very quick once-over in the panicked half-hour between when I got home from shopping Friday afternoon and when my two guests arrived for drinks, and I’m glad that happened or it wouldn’t have gotten cleaned at all. Of course, “drinks” turned out to mean a few sips of wine, followed by the admission that we were all sickish, and subsequent switch to tea with lots of honey and lemon in it – because we’re exciting like that.
There's a fascinating essay about the first ten Penguins here - not all the titles have lasted the test of time! Dashiell Hammett's 'The Thin Man' was one of the next ten.
However, in response, we see David do two things. First, he retreats to his stronghold. It is a place of protection. It is a quiet place. Second, he inquires of God. It is here that he inquires of God for the strategy to defeat his enemy. God reveals it to him and he goes on to defeat the Philistines. In fact, David NEVER lost a battle because he learned to inquire of God for the strategy to defeat his enemies.
I find it amazing how often you see video game publishers bitching and moaning about used game sales. They make it out to be the worst thing in the history of human kind. In fact, it’s just a way that common people save money.
The risk of having an IQ lower than 70, the official demarcation for being classified as "retarded," increases by an astonishing 400 percentamong children of cousin marriages. (Similar effects were seen in the Pharaonic dynasties in ancient Egypt and in the British royal family, where inbreeding was the norm for a significant period of time.)
She followed it up with "Alentejo Blue" in 2006, a much quieter book than her first, set among a multi-ethnic community in a Polish small town. A significant departure from her first, widely appreciated book, "Alentejo Blue" received at best lukewarm reviews.
Can you imagine life without it?! I can! I've been there!
My Rating: 5/5
This reminds me of doing (or not) my Maths homework - trying a couple of the easier bits then refusing to do the rest while sulking and whining "It's not fair! I hate Maths!" Reverting to one's teenage self is so unappealing.... Sorry, Ariane! (And sorry to Mr Buckingham, my Maths teacher 1976-80.)
The other member of the club has her introductory flashback episode, and it’s done pretty well. The mysteriousness of the school is enhanced, and the relationship between MC and Yuuko is developed some more. How she died is also explained. A decent episode, more dramatic than usual but it works.
So, they figured, what the hell – let’s attack the injured party.
Although I was uncertain about the cream cheese, I was really surprised at how well it went with all the other ingredients and the creaminess it added to the sandwich. In the end, I was stuffed to the brim and felt amazing for the rest of the day. If you ever find yourself at Edna Fedya, do not hesitate to order this dish. It was amazing.
The inherent value of a go-kit, is that regardless of your profession, it gives you physical resources for the various demands placed on your professional and personal life.
This is what I have to arrange. My heart rocks. I collect these. The cat tends to knock them ar around and off the ledge and I patiently re – arrange them.
Political Bureau, Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine
itself is quite new to me. I had a bad junior high school home economics apron-sewing experience, and was intimidated by sewing machines for most of my younger adult life; I finally conquered that a few years ago when I took a series of (garment) sewing courses, and my regular reading of blogs started with following
I HATE not having some sort of hair down..if it's side-swept bangs or whatever.
We have a protagonist, Nishimi Kaoru, who’s the new kid at school, which in itself is already hard enough, but to add onto his troubles, he feels the need to run away to the rooftop whenever he’s nervous. Though this does sound a bit similar to another anime of this season, Tsuritama, which also has a new-kid protagonist who reacts strongly when nervous, let me make it clear that the similarities between these two animes stop right here. While Tsuritama’s palette is bright and colorful, Sakamichi no Apollon sticks with soft, muted colors that suit it quite well as the protagonist himself is a little negative and gloomy.
I bring this up because I recently heard that Linkin Park will be performing relatively close to where I live sometime this summer; and even though my musical tastes have strayedf away from the basic rock, this is a band that I always feel a little compelled to see because of my history with them.
I have decided that it is time to honor my loyal fans, customers and followers! I thought the best way to do this is to have a giveaway!!!! I put together what I think is a GREAT assortment of items!
No, I don't think going to church is the litmus test for what being a Christ follower is all about. But I do think that a lot of people are holding out for Jesus to be their Savior at death and missing the point in life. Most aren't missing church cuz they're engaging Jesus in their days elsewhere passionately and don't need this community of faith. As I work with students and families, my goal is not to help them get ready for death. It's to challenge and join them in a better way of life that alters the hope they have both in this life and the life to come.
It was so good, in fact, that after I said good-bye to Kyle, I steered the Passat over to Tröegs. I wanted to taste the latest Scratch Beer, #6, loosely patterned on a Dortmunder Export. I caught Chris Trogner just leaving, and he turned around and poured me a beer (he was headed for the bank, and was willing to put that off). Well, you know, I like Exports, and I liked this beer, quite a bit, actually, but... No, it's not precisely an Export. It's got the heft, and the color, but it's hopped a bit more like a pilsner.
and were really pleased with how our stall looked.
I grabbed a big handful of our Hain expenses leaflets and started handing them out. Incredibly I count the people waiting for info from me 3-4-5-6-7 wow! 10 minutes gone and I need more stock! Back to the counter passing by the abusers and anti free speech crowd smiling away to myself I cant help but notice their frustration is rising at our immediate success.
- scrape this into a pre-greased and lined 25cm spring-form tin, sprinkle with the sliced almonds and bake in the oven at 180c for 45mins or until golden and risen
- Warehouse, 3rd floor (stop it. i’m crazy)
Those guys are buying vacation homes - they’re rewarded for tricking people into believing their drugs were safe. But who’s jailed? Backyard gardeners. After all, what could be easier for the government than taking the big drug dealer’s money? Jailing the small drug dealers.
One thing is certain..in two days I leave for Newfoundland! Straight to St John's now instead of a stop on Change Islands first. This is part of the unfolding mentioned above. I have to be there to meet with the appropriate people and to study the potential of this new opportunity first hand.
Pipsqueak shook his head. “No,” his voice hit the notes of his namesake.
That's the gist of it! The days are getting longer and when I'm not tied up late at work, I get to ride! The week before last, I logged 5 rides and 5 trips to the gym! Last week I was bogged down at the office but still logged 3 rides and a whopping 1 trip to the gym.
Or on the master bathroom.
13. Rudy (Sean Astin) – I’m a fan of the sports genre, especially underdogs.
It’s me and Nick himself in Chicago at the Romantic Times Booklovers Convention.
I consider this a true endorsement for TPM and Choice Theory approaches to emotional and spiritual well-being. Each of these counseling methods relies on triggered emotions to go back to false beliefs and decisions that are still affecting our lives from those trauma.
By: Abdulkhalig Alhassan
with a clap of cannonball thunder
some pretty pictures for you today.
and he kept playing the dream.
5830 Bermuda Drive
Included is USB cable charger that uses a standard micro USB (along with an AC charger). Battery life for talk time is excellent.
Nobody cares what you're doing at every single minute of the day. Nobody.
During recess time, my classmates and I would have a cartoon character voice contest. I would do the voice of Spike (apparently he was a panther. I always thought he was a cat) from Starla and the Jewel Riders, and I would always win.
“What happened?” I asked Bug. “Were you bothering the dog?”
all better. (One last check; all better.)
Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said,
This is back in the day when my mom still had misgivings about me being a rug muncher. She still fell silent if I chose to mention anything dating related. The conversations were painful. She couldn’t even make eye contact when she heard words like “lesbian” or “girlfriend” or even “I have a date.” The evidence of this little discovery punched her in the face and forced her to wonder what the fuck I did with all that gear. I mean, look on the bright side. I didn’t have nipple clamps, or one of those black mask things that cover your whole head and leave room for a ball to gag on. No pony play gear. It was just some standard equipment.
I think I should start a show on Raj TV and talk about this philosophy.
UPDATE!
I've used the Cheery Lynn Fanciful Flourish, but cut off the leaves. The stars are punched, with punched flowers at the centre. And I love these sentiment tickets from LOTV - and perfect for this card ( a kind of good luck for a show).
Sticking with the motoring side of things for a few more minutes, there is the Top Gear corner, where fans of the Jeremy Clarkson world (sorry, can’t say I’m one of them) can enjoy seeing the various vehicles they have smashed, crashed, abused, built, driven and sailed, at very close quarters. There are also plenty of TV screens showing a selection of programme footage relating to their antics. The additional Top Gear Expo is a small dome that has yet more of their vehicles on display and you watch a short film that looks behind the scenes of the programme. Personally I find Mr Clarkson’s style of vocal emphasis rather irritating but it clearly works for him.
BUT, I know some of you are, and all the power to you!
only the afternoons were ours
Hi there Yunkoro
I literally had to give her breathing treatments with one of those asthma machines. It broke my heart & I was so attached & literally didn't know if she was going to make it another day.
For Home, Western man will meet each stranger (friendly or not) with the fierce protective spirit of Lioness guarding her young and an expression that says, tread carefully, for you walk now upon all that I hold dear!
By Ilana Machover
JOB POSTINGS
Prioritise everything in your working day!
1.Elder Burch And Congregation / My Heart Keeps Singing
Emmalee Aple was born and raised in Wisconsin, but always dreamed of life on the coast. Now grown, with a handsome computer geeky husband and two beautiful blonde monsters of her own, she uses what spare time she can manage to squeeze out of her day writing, sewing and crafting.
Select Melissa & Doug items
No matter what, August and September will be right around the corner. For that matter, so is mid-June...my first opportunity to move back to the states.
We will randomly select one winner from all of the eligible entries! We ask that you link a new creation, no back linking please and only one entry per person.
As clear as glass they say
From the hardware side, I really just don’t like the fact that HD basically means “re-buy everything”. You need the HD television to watch the HD shows, if you want to watch movies in HD, you better have the Blu-Ray player. Oh, and don’t think that is enough, you will need the Blu-Ray movie too, so you need to re-buy all your favorite movies just so they look shinier. The flow is supposed to be smoother too, since it can process more frames per second (or something). All I know is is that when I watch it in the store, it looks weird, like if the movie was at 1.5x the speed it’s supposed to be on. They are even doing it to old movies that existed well before HD reworking, which I think is even sillier. These movies are even worse for turning HD, since it doesn’t really work (they just existed before the technology), so I’m not sure why we bother. Blade Runner and The Great Escape do not need to be in high definition.
Unfortunately--and maybe this had something to do with my lack of appreciation for the film--Area 407 has pulled the Great Blunder that has plagued these films for far too long--it ruins the ending by putting it in the trailer! I suppose it's in good company, though. Other movies that have used the final shot in the trailer, or poster image--sometimes both!--include Quarantine, Evil Things, and Paranormal Activity. Before long, publishers will be printing the final sentences of books on the front cover.
The place didn’t make much of an impression. As a small kid, you are usually in the moment and don’t care what you’re doing as long as you get some attention.
Keenan Tracey ... Logan Buchanan
Learn what kinds of songs work well for film and TV? What are the legal issues you have to take care of before pitching? Are your recordings "broadcast quality"? What do music libraries do? How do you get to them? I'll discuss pros and cons of music libraries, music publishers, independent song pitchers and online services and how you get paid. I'll have some handouts too: Work For Hire Agreement. Royalty Flow Chart for Film/TV.
The film opens up with the end of the world. Two Air Force officers, Tannen and Denton, in charge of a missile silo in California get the call to launch the arsenal according to the MAD strategy of mutually assured destruction. Three years later, the silo is still in operation, but the command structure has fallen apart. Tannen has resigned his commission and indulged his misfit ways. Denton, his former superior, is a hardnosed major still holding things together. An explosion at the silo kills all but four men, so Denton decides to take the survivors on a trip to Albany in search of a lone radio transmission.
Every time I like you
FF #84
It didn’t recognize my face,
Luminous and wired
Moreover, there are many reasons why spot gold rebounded back towards the $1650 level within hours of the otherwise disappointing Fed statements on April 25 and headed higher the next day.
4) intermezzo
pieced kona solid in Snow
When you value what you do, others will too.
As I run my fingers down your Spine.
Needles: US 6 - 16" or 24" circular
Its movement was undetectable
1 tsp dehydrated onion (crushed), or onion powder
Hare Krishna.
And that’s the word
I can see how some people might think my kids are lazy. See, my kids essentially do what they want to do every day. Some days that involves getting together with friends, and some days it is spent in peaceful solitude at home. Some days that means road trips, and other days it means moving from one chair to the other. Some days it means computer or gaming time, other days it means sports or arts and crafts. Sometimes it is Wikipedia, sometimes it is the library, and sometimes it is talking with and listening to new friends or strangers. By any existing measure, on any given day you could look at my kids and be amazed at the depth and scope of their interests and activities. On any other day, you could be equally amazed at the amount of different things they do. And on some days, you could be astonished by the amount that my children are seemingly not doing, and you could easily turn around and call them lazy.
Today’s “wise words” are from Jobs’ inspiring commencement speech at Stanford in 2005, which I used to carry around in my purse—it’s that good. These words came to mind as I read the speculation that his pancreatic cancer had taken a turn for the worse:
6. Bring to a boil, put a lid on the pot and turn the heat down to simmer
One last thing: If you’ve been reading this carefully, you might be able to hazard a guess as to which GW-author I would or would not prefer to write the new book. And while I really don’t want to participate in the relentless bashing of certain authors, some things are indeed just silly.
"Let me get it right next time."
greedy bankers/greedy government
I want to support my favorite charities and delight when my work fills a need. When I can help a friend or relative, it is a blessing for both of us. Usually.
Didn't frost the cupcakes with lots of ganache. Just dipped the cupcakes when the ganache is still 'watery' and gave it a thin coat on top. My husband doesn't like too much frosting on cupcakes.
There are four main characters: an environmental lawyer/activist, a stay-at-home mother, a musician and a college student. Each of them has to deal with the question what kind of person am I going to be? over and over again. (That old expression “in between a rock and a hard place” comes to mind.) Two of the characters are primarily concerned with being “good,” and two of them are primarily concerned with being autonomous, but in the in-between there is a world of emotional and moral possibility. Surely there is no freer person than a white, well-educated, wealthy, Western man, but in the person of Walter Berglund (arguably the heart of the novel) there could be no one more weighed down by expectations, obligations and compromises.
How happy I was this weekend, then, to settle in with Inside Out & Back Again, the 2011 National Book Award winner for Young People's Literature. It's, well: it's perfect. A story told as a child truly sees. A collection of free-verse poems that set the small things (the taste of papaya) against the big things (the consequences of an abrupt flight from home) and makes us feel, deeply, what it is to lose everything that defines you, and what it is to start all over again.
2/ I usually stick to department stores, especially le Printemps, for it offers all in one place : shoes, lingerie, high end as well as more affordable designers, house linen, beauty products... Plus, sharing a cup of coffee at the café under the "coupole" with your shopping partner (aka my mum) makes a very nice break.
dry red chillies -4-5
It's all quite homey and heartwarming. And look! Bobby Flay drinks Pellegrino just like me!
As I have indicated in earlier articles there is a short term benefit for the very rich from an endless flow of easily replaceable cheap labour which forces down wage costs and disempowers the native workforce, who dare not strike or demand rights when they know they can be so easily replaces. However, even the super rich are now realising the gains are short term. If there is any satisfaction to be gained from this situation it is contemplating how much money those evil and cynical old men have lost in migrant blighted countries like Greece, Portugal and Ireland.
Arthur and his knights had to eat their wild boar somewhere. I have a round table in my kitchen, but it wouldn’t seat many knights, and my “siege perilous” is a chair with a wonky leg rather than a magical seat where nobody dares to sit. Anyway, I’ve never seen the Grail appear floating above it in a ray of light… at least not yet.
4 (3oz) firm white-fleshed fish
Secular Islam results in purist Islamist revolutionaries either armed or not who reliably seek to overthrow the non-Islamic secular regime in favor of a more Islamic and purified one. This typical trend has been going on since the beginning of Islam and there doesn’t seem to be any reason to think it is slowing down or losing steam. Muslim countries are becoming increasingly Islamic, not more and more secular, in our modern era.
then flanked right
As host of Session #52, I’ve decided not to focus on the substance of beer, but the material that plays a supporting role. Bottles, coasters, cans, labels, ads, tap handles, church keys, hats, t-shirts, tip trays, glassware and signs have been collected by fanatics ever since beer has been sold.
Now, on to this week's challenge, which is....
Right now im fairly sure most people have a phobia or are scared of something in life, may it being heights, death, spiders or scared of being alone. These are the common ones, but thats not what im about.....I have found out that there are some really funny and damn right strange things people are afraid of.....the first one is Melophobia - The Fear of Music???....how on earth can someone have a phobia of something that is all around us in commercials, radio tv everything......Another is Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia - Which irronically is the fear of Long Words???.....you can just imagaine someone sitting there going 'oh im scared of long words, i kno im going to look up what that is called OH MY GOD NOOOOOOOOOOOOO'....ok the last one ill give u and it just made me laugh because of how stupid it is but its...Arachibutyrophobia - or the fear of getting peanut butter stuck in the roof of your mouth????.....Who comes up with this? THEY ARE JUST TRYIN TO MAKE UP NEW WORDS NOW!!!!
Give me a minute..... let me have my little pity party in this post.
“Gertrude Stein was herself a major collaborator with the Vichy regime and a supporter of its pro-Nazi leadership.”
Tyra Banks’ announced this morning that the America’s Next Top Models original judges have been axed from her show after 18 seasons. The news comes as a shock to fans as Miss J, Nigel Barker and Mr. Jay are so beloved and have remained constant on the panel even as others have come and gone. Janice Dickinson was replaced by Twiggy after a few seasons who was also replaced eventually by Vogue Magazine’s Editor-at-large, Andre Leon Talley.
My solution? I prioritized the list. I started with the one thing which was causing me the most angst, a job which wasn’t feeding my soul. We spend approximately one third of our lives performing some sort of work, so I personally believe this time should be spent in a manner befitting our moral values and in alinement with our spiritual compass. I’m sure there are many moral/spiritual accountants, physicians, delivery (wo)men, cashiers, and hairdressers. It’s not what you do, but whether your work is in line with your soul’s destiny. You will feel, deep in your gut, if it is or isn’t. And only you can decide if you should change careers or not. The decision was easy for me, through no fault of my own, I was laid off.
1. What genre are you playing?
The second one was brought in (my turn). She was calm. Haggard-looking. Started whining that it was the other girl who hit her first that her tooth became loose. She lifted her upper lip and started pushing the only 2 teeth remaining on the upper gum. One was swaying back and forth. I asked if she had a history of using illegal drugs. She admitted that she did. Heavily. I told the deputy that there were very minor scratches on her right wrist and left side of her nose. I wouldn’t consider the loose tooth as injury.
From an early age, reading has been one of my great loves, a passion I'm pleased to share with all four of my children. It's because of them, and only them, I'm about to embark on the second of the Harry Potter series, not my usual focus. It's been several months since I breezed through the first, may even need a refresher or possibly have Wallace bring me up to speed, he seems to have them all memorised, as do many other nine year old boys I'm sure. I've recently enjoyed To Kill a Mockingbird again, having read it now three times, first in Year 11 English, at the time a refreshing change from the heavy-going Macbeth.
I was too excited and took a picture before I added my whipped cream!
The three eggs I broke into a bowl measured 142 grams. I didn't want to use another whole egg for eight measly grams, and I decided to call it good enough. Then I remembered that I still had a few of my darling quail eggs. (Don't worry folks; the sell-by date is not until March 2). One petite quail egg put me six grams over, so I scooped out a spoonful. There. 150 grams on the dot.
My camera isn’t the best… and it got a little damaged… so quality is down. and level of blurriness is up.
The depression was quite bad and really it was the patience of Sarah, kind words from my Dad plus various messages and calls from people that came in out of the blue and generally thinking about all the folks that have been routing for me that saw me through.
943 ***D-V/1/1986. “Article VII of the Constitution of 1797 and the Aftermath.” Gannett Lecture Series, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, New York. (Incorporated in Item C-1986(6), above, and in Item B-4, above, pp. 215-34, 327 (1989).)
Keep it on, and it rides up to cover the mid-section perfectly.
11. At the prison, you will notice there's a crack in the wall (also marked with a red square in picture 1). It opens like a door does, so do that and follow the path down till you see a man. Talk to him and he explains he's the real king, survived because the servant in the prison is deaf and didn't hear the orders not to feed him, they think he's dead, blah blah blah. After done talking with him, chat once more and then head back to your cell. The queen should be waiting for you. make sure your party is at full health by now!
The Harvard Law professor argued she didn’t use her minority status to get her teaching jobs, and slammed her Republican rival U.S. Sen.Scott Brown for suggesting otherwise.
I wish I could say that the Zan-Gah stories are completely accurate, but my approach was not primarily archaeological; it was humanistic. Zan-Gah is about courage, brotherhood, and compassion, among other things. Were prehistoric people compassionate? I doubt it. Nevertheless, I tried to be accurate where it counted. I researched slings and hand fishing. I researched prehistoric twins, discovering that in some early societies twins were terribly frightening and killed immediately—and so was the mother (not the father). That information was important in the development of my plot. I had never actually been inside a cave, so I visited Onondaga, one of the world's great caves (my state of Missouri is famous for them), and was overwhelmed by the experience. I took notes furiously. I was the only guy in the whole cave who was taking notes. Some of them appear almost verbatim in the first book.
33. Ok....i'm struggling a bit now!!! More tea....back on track......
One more thing before I tap out... I know I said I was gonna do a Brewvie Review for From Paris With Love next. However, I've seen a slew of movies since then, so which would you prefer a BR on? Shutter Island, Edge of Darkness, Daybreakers, Sherlock Holmes, From Paris with Love, When In Rome, The Bounty Hunter, Valentine's Day, The Road, or The Wolfman?
Srinagar has the privilege of having a multifaceted and unique cultural blend, making it different from the rest of the country, not only from the cultural front, but in point of geography, demography, ethics and social entities. as well. With its beautiful picturesque Himalayan backdrop, the crowning glory of hill stations Srinagar is enticed by the colourful houseboats , shikaras and the grandeur of Mughal sense of style.
Hors D'Oeuvres:
Notes: The Blue Bayou is considered on of Disneyland’s fine dining establishments, if you’ve never been, I recommend it. You sit inside the entry to the Pirates of the Caribbean Ride and the ambiance alone is quite an experience.
Wednesday, April 18th and Thursday, April 19th: Texas Library Association Annual Conference, Houston, TX; various times
Perhaps legislators need a lesson on how small businesses operate and the incentives that cause action within the entrepreneurial community. While only 43% of all Congressmen have any experience in private sector business and less than 25% hold an advanced degree in business administration,[ii] it may come as no surprise that they have little understanding of what drives the entrepreneur. To be fair, when considering factors that encourage entrepreneurial activity only a little common sense is necessary.
11:30 banana
contingents from even poorer
Ah, steampunk meets the wild, wild west. Mine-dwelling zombies, a down-on-her-luck witch, and a fancy, Eastern warlock with something to hide. Snake oil salesmen, the expansion of the railroad, fast-talking cowboys, and a healthy dose of magic. I absolutely cannot WAIT to read this book, and I'm staring at the mailbox RIGHT NOW, waiting for Amazon to hurry up and bring it to me.
3. The gospel reminds you that Jesus laid down His life as a ransom for many. That means you’ve got to love and respect your brothers and sisters in Christ, and let Jesus be the Lord of their consciences! Counsel them? Of course, but nitpick and micromanage them? No, not if the gospel has gotten into your heart.
If anyone ever looks at my ring asks, "What the hell is THAT?" I will simply say, "I bought it in Paris." That will shut them up, and make them feel embarrassed about their lack of fashion sense.
Crust: put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 160°C/325°F. Lightly butter a 20cm (8in) square baking pan then line the bottom and sides with 2 pieces of foil, leaving a 5cm (2in) overhang on two opposite sides. Butter the foil as well.
Motocicleta. Motorad. Moto. While the word motorcycle may be spelled or pronounced differently by female riders around the globe, the emotions and empowerment they share when they twist the throttle of their own motorcycle is universal. More and more women from all walks of life are getting in the saddle of their own motorcycles and grabbing life by the handlebars, and Harley-Davidson is their brand of choice. Harley-Davidson is the number one market share leader among women, selling more new motorcycles to women than any other motorcycle manufacturer.
My heart goes out to all of my friends and family that are living in that skin. May you experience peace and strength as you live in a world that is not accepting and understanding of your reality.
Use the bottle running against the sides to help it tell you where you are.
Latto says the Ninth Circuit decision means law enforcement can place trackers on cars, without seeking a court’s permission, in the nine western states the California-based circuit covers.
Best Song Musically and Lyrically
I used this set in my post from yesterday as well...
A Bunch of Old Crap that nobody wants anymore.....
It helps to have a friend in terror. I was genuinely excited when Sue informed me that she was about as high as she wanted to go that night, and maybe in her life.....so we just waited patiently on the deck for the rest of her family, gazing up at the 2/3 of the tower we would NOT be visiting and taking terror shots of each other.
Just recently, my super nice cousin Brent, (elder brother of BlueLilyWendy), scanned the originals of these two pieces and gave all of my siblings a very large file of each. (Actually, access to the files on "Dropbox" if we're being perfectly accurate.)
seat also docks and rotates on Rocker
It takes both a bride and a groom to have a wedding. It might come as a news flash to some men that you don’t merely show up on the big day, grace everyone with your presence, and that is all there is to it. Like major business projects, a wedding requires detailed planning to be a success. Perfect execution requires the making of numerous contingency plans to cover all the “what if’s” and possible detours that might end up as a part of the big day.
'Now go and strike Amalek and utterly destroy all that he has, and do not spare him; but put to death both man and woman, child and infant, ox and sheep, camel and donkey.' "
In addition to these, Darwin gave us another very important criterion by which to test his theory. This criterion is so important, Darwin wrote, that it could cause his theory to be absolutely broken down:
I imagine you may have seen some of the photographs of our wedding.
I had meals ready at meal times.
and showed she was totally excited to be there.
Wisteria Garland Strings: If your garden cannot grow fast enough to cover your arbor in time for the big day, it’s time to go faux! These strings of wired faux wisteria in light purple will fill in the spaces.
step 2: decide on your pattern (or no pattern)
1317 **D-IV/30(B)/1999. “American Constitutional Law and the Attempted Rescue of Kosovo.” Faculty Workshop, United States Air Force Academy, Colorado Springs, Colorado. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(16), above, pp. 523-37.)
Days I did my morning pages: 7/7
This is what my mother use when she makes kimchee. This will save your time from making rice glue separately. Pretty smart, isn't it?
Do I have to rethink my stance on Scandinavian fiction?
Well, as individual drinks, each is impressive - a lovely subtle, fresh, herby hop balanced perfectly with liquid Twix, versus a sharp fruitiness with just enough, and not too much, buttery backbone.
Did men do anything else around the home except the dishes, now and then? Perhaps . . .
Still flipping the knife, Aryc said, “I really hope you don’t feel pressured to reveal our names.” With sudden force, he threw the knife at Gunther. It struck his throat and pinned him against the wall behind the couch. His eyes glassed over. His breathing was difficult, raspy. The blade had sliced through the windpipe and was there to stay. Gunter tried to reach up and pulled the blade out, but he could not muster the strength to do so.
Jeff Hunt (REP) 14.09% 13,206
The patriotic theme continues and I can add another 80 flags to the tally. The big screen is accompanied by big sound, the volume booming out. We take it in turns to try and turn it down, with no success, but this soon becomes unnecessary as the rib rattling bass of a car stereo drowns out the pre match analysis. By half time the confidence is waning and the cries of "C'MON Aussies" are sounding increasingly desperate. The car stereo has stopped and we can now hear the commentators. They seem to have their Thesaurus out and are seeing how many variants on eviscerate they can use by full time.
more than you know. Well, hold that thought... at least you
“It is highly likely that a similar peaceful protest will develop outside the O2 Arena, although the Malaysian Embassy have a record of attempting to hire security guards to prevent legitimate demonstrations, even in London, ” noted the posting.
And just like I wrote in my post a few days back, I want to live life with Russell so that I have nothing to look back on and regret.
April 11 2009 – Updated from Friday, Johannesburg.The South African Press Association reports that the countrywide truckers' strike in South Africa has turned vicious: one driver was killed, another was seriously injured when his fuel truck was firebombed by strikers, and thus far 17 people have been arrested for violence relating to the strike. And millions of people in the townships face a hungry Easter: the food shops are emptying out and the petrol stations report widespread closures due to lack of fuel.
After staying home with her children until the youngest started kindergarten, her career was in the toilet. But she put on her big girl panties, so to speak, and now she's a published freelance writer, experienced problogger, oft-quoted influencer, informative speaker, and savvy consultant whose clients have included Kleenex, Kenmore, LeapFrog, ConAgra Foods and Subaru. Click below to learn more about her work.
It's hermeneutics—as if the spatial expansion of whole neighborhoods is really just a graph of certain words used in different contexts. As if vocabulary itself materializes, precipitating out as alternative spatial futures for the city. Indeed, the New York Times writes, "in Scarano’s view, the city’s code was a Talmudic document, open to endless avenues of interpretation. Through a variety of arcane strategies, he could literally pull additional real estate out of the air."
He said: ‘Nobody gave their cast members that kind of money. He (Gandolfini) said: ‘Thanks for sticking by me.”
Thanks, Randi... this is an awesome giveaway prize!
Grade 4 I chose piano:
Furthermore, International travel to the region has decreased, dropping off “by an estimated 33% to 10 million”, according to Egypt’s Ministry of Tourism which reported 15.7 million visitors in 2010, who added “about $12.5 billion to the country’s economy” (Verrastro). Tourism from the United States has taken an incredible drop, according to Ronen Paldi, president of Ya’lla Tours USA, who states that, “For the U.S., there is a 75% to 80% drop of business” (Verrastro). However, there are those whose views are that tourism will pick up again this year and that the demand to visit the country is still strong, as long as tourists believe that it is safe to visit.
Mustn't one?
“I Wanna Rock”
These days I get frustrated whenever I do experience intense anxiety. It is like a "thorn of the flesh" that keeps popping up. I will think I have finally surrendered my entire will to God, and then a long-term crisis will bring out the anxiety again. I feel like I failed the test. But just this morning, I found encouragement. I was reading David's psalm which he wrote when he fled from Absalom. (Psalm 3) And I thought, here is David--a man after God's own heart, the one who defeated the giant Goliath, the one who won many victories for the Israelites, the one anointed with the Holy Spirit and anointed to be King of Israel, and he was fleeing for his life. Eventually, the Lord lifted him up and gave him the victory. Then I thought of Elijah who was also used mightily by God and then fled for his life because Jezebel threatened to kill him. And God spoke to him in a still small voice. (There are other examples of failures after successes in the Bible and then the Lord comes in and saves them when they cry out.)
There were many questions demanding answers, and things started getting difficult. With great beers all around, both from near and from far, how does one differentiate choices in the absence of pockets deep enough to stock 1,000 beers -- or even 300?
Today’s FAS-FAX report is the first to reflect the U.S. newspaper rule changes that went into affect last October. For more than two years, newspaper publishers and buyers worked to build a new framework for the qualification and reporting of newspaper media. The October 2010 rule changes had three major components:
P and I have always felt that mealtime is family time. Eating meals together as a family is important to us and always has been. We tried many things to try and resolve this issue. We all played musical chairs around the table, trying to find an arrangement that worked for C, but with only the four of us (and the discovery that H's chewing bothered C, too) and the table only being so big, nothing really worked. We tried playing music in the background at dinner to try and mask all the chewing noises, and that worked up to a point, but C needed the music to be so loud that the rest of us really couldn't carry on conversations around the table. Mealtime became a silent, angry, resentful time in our family.
The position paper award is presented in recognition of pre-conference preparation. The position paper serves as a blueprint for building consensus and formulating and negotiating workable draft resolutions to resolve issues.
ring out the bells again
Stretch and fold the dough one last time, than put it into the mould you wish to use. I couldn’t find a dove-shaped one, so I resorted to a pretty star. Still festive!
Ain't done much yet, but I'm planning a comeback album.
I have no inspiration to catalogue, no tours to sing the praises of, and no to-do tasks to share. If it hasn’t been done by now, it’s frozen and not getting done until spring. We’re not even in a “pretty” phase of winter, with a landscape looking as if it were dusted by white frosting. No, no. Imagine more of a blighted look, with a dash of grayish, dirty snow and complete with a repressed looking populace, clad in large coats and bad attitudes. So I ask you, what do I write about? I’ve got nothing….
“There was an explosion from below!” he shouted.
the days in Pittsburgh enter my mind
There. I said it.
The name Junghwa is my middle name and my Korean name. I have been designing and creating since I was a little girl. I love sketching, painting, sewing, crafting... pretty much anything that allows me to create something tangible from all the ideas in my head. I was a Certified Medical Assistant & Orthopedic Technician for several years. I really enjoyed helping people become well again. It gave me such a feeling of satisfaction, but I missed having a creative outlet. So, I took a leap of faith, left my career behind and started my business in January 2010. Today I am still happily working from home full-time, where I live with my supportive husband and 15 month old son. I work really hard every day to share my passion with all of you.
Daniel: So Dj Sumbody how did you get into the music industry?
What are the effects of this constant debilitation of people?Ordinary people lose contact with our civilization and become disorientated, lost, suffer from bereavement and become depressed.
Arrivé, hier.
It’s a funny place, Wakefield. Has the feel of a run-down old northern industrial town – which it is – but has little gems of culture and community, which are well worth a look if you can see past the ugly 1960s roads, underpasses and buildings.
Please visit some of the other links and you may find some great inspiration and some new blog friends. If you have word verification on it would be great if you turned it off. Google does a great job of keeping the spam out.
A week and a half ago we had our ward closing social at Anna's house in Provo. Her parents were out of town and we watched some funny FHE videos and then had treats and a dance party with the ward. It was SO much fun! Afterwards a group of us went to my apartment and watched a movie. Two of my roommates stayed the night with 4 other girls at Anna's house. It was about 11:30 when the movie ended, so I said I thought it would be funny if we went and "penny tapped" or "doorbell ditched" the girls that stayed the night.
And a lovely bonus for those who appreciate presentation as much as I do (they do this in all stores when you purchase a Jo Malone product):
In a country where we preserve our heritage properties, cherish the old relics and heirlooms, the living heritage is being so severely neglected and abused. Economic insecurity, loss of physical ability to work and care for one’s self, falling health, physical and psychological isolation , often the social and religious taboos play havoc on these elderly people. Sometimes there is a fear of losing the spouse and low self-esteem also makes them vulnerable.
2 -1/4 cups fresh basil leaves (preferably young, small leaves of the Genoese quality)
BUT I changed it up a bit... I used fresh spinach instead of frozen spinach, and I used fresh mushrooms instead of canned mushrooms - I mean seriously... why not? I used the cream of chicken soup and I have to say that I have never before done bread crumbs with melted butter to make a crumbly crust --- It was delicious! and so easy --- why have I missed this in the past???
But in her life how did she offend you?
“For God hath concluded them all in unbelief that he might have mercy upon all.”
“Show me a good loser, and I’ll show you a loser”, said someone very intelligent, I’m sure. I don’t necessarily fully agree with this sentiment, especially when you see the antics of Manchester United at the Etihad this evening. Joe Hart didn’t have a save to make, and, if City hadn’t been so nervous, they should surely have won at a canter?
Directed by Andrew Rossi, who applies a journalistic, fact-gathering approach, the film focuses on a few individuals that give the paper its essence today. One of those is David Carr, a former drug addict who turned his life around at the age of 31 and has become one of the paper's finest reporters. Carr has a unique sense of humor to say the least. He's self deprecating, but he's also ready to pounce on someone who makes fun of him or his paper. At times he comes across as a smart ass, know-it-all, but in the final analysis, he's very loyal to his friends and his bosses and is one helluva reporter and writer.
First things first: I found a blog-friend! Her name is Holly and she lives two doors down from me and she is lovely and you should get out her blog because she's so lovely: Contemplations of my Reverie. Go. Do it now.
My favourite drink is getting too expensive these days to be playing beery Russian Roulette with my next pint not knowing whether it will be in awesome, awful or just alright condition. I know the Cask Marque system of accreditation exists as an indicator of a pub that serves well kept beer and the nature of beer as a living product means that it will change in the cask but sometimes there's no excuse for sloppy cellarcraft in some pubs.
Wow! This is exactly what I’ve been struggling with all week long! It is important that I make healthy choices for myself and my child, however it is not worth it to beat myself up over gaining more weight than I wanted to. I had forgotten to remember that my identity is not found in my ability to maintain my goal weight. However, it is God alone defines who I am!
8. Don't be afraid to return some toys or put away some toys after a big birthday or holiday. Again on the battery-powered, bells & whistles toys. Save the environment and your sanity and limit these! Don't get me wrong, one of my kids favorite toys was a ride-on toy with lights and music. My cousin got this for Ian for his first birthday and I JUST put it away. He is over 4. They still like it, but he has a bike and Eva has a tricycle and a balance bike so they don't really need it. I will bring it out if we have guests, especially younger ones. I am getting off-track here but you get the point. A few of these can be great, but a whole collection leads to swearing (because the batteries are dead again), bankruptcy (because of buying those darn batteries) and environmental ruin. OK, I'm exaggerating, but the truth is that it results in a lot of clutter. If a child gets too much for one particular event, putting some of it away for the next holiday or even rainy day can spread the impact.
THE WINNER: ERIC BISCHOFF.
Have you hired an “overqualified” candidate? Tell us about your experience.
The skirt, however, was something of a challenge. I bought too little fabric the first time I went to the shop and ended up getting the rest on Thursday evening.
I wasn't even really styled, I never really was while being in New York, dunno why... (;D; )
The future of urban farming is under construction in Sweden as agricultural design firm Plantagon works to bring a 12-year-old vision to life: The city of Linköping will soon be home to a 17-story "vertical greenhouse."
A heart filled with Jesus. That is, to Our Lord did St. Joseph consecrate all his solicitude, his energy, his resources, his time. Our dear Father, Protector and Patron reserved nothing for himself, but completely oblivious of any personal needs, desires, or views, devoted himself entirely to the interests and the needs of Jesus. Nothing existed for Joseph except Jesus and Mary, and he felt that his life on earth had no other raison d’etre than his care for them. Like St. Joseph, we must give ourselves generously and totally, without sparing, without reserve, but, at the same time, we must also give ourselves to the works of God with a heart filled with God, with a heart which lives with Him in an intimate union nourished by the assiduous exercise of prayer.
You’re the Coliseum.
Cause every time I said opinion on something…like my personal opinion, I know I was 18 all my opinions weren’t great or ideal…they weren’t flawless. For every single opinion of mine…he didn’t say stupid or so. He tried to push me his opinion, like if his opinion was better. And he used to say I have limited perspective. So that was that…
Fully? Do we do that these days? I don’t think we even set our hope partially on the redeeming life that is promised to us and given to us by God through His Son, Jesus Christ. Not in the desires of our hearts and not in the actions of our daily lives. Maybe, and that’s a big maybe, we attempt that on Sundays with the words of our mouths…..just paying lip service to that hope that is mentioned in the Bible.
My best friend that would never leave my side.
Thanks for stopping by to see my project!
Diesel prices are the highest of all, and most farm tractors that I'm familiar with operate on diesel. So do the eighteen-wheelers that transport our goods. So do most of the cargo ships that haul trade goods around the world.
- 1.5 kg whole chicken
I was layin' round town in a house of ill fame,
I was going to have a ‘boy clothing yard sale’, but the fates did not align as planned so that’s been pushed back to next week. Instead we hit up the parade, on a whim. Okay, so apparently the Lawrence St. Patty’s Day parade, when it lands on a weekend, is not something you do ‘on a whim’. We headed downtown about half an hour early, drove around trying to find parking for almost 20 minutes, then Scott dropped off Pete and I and went to find parking on his own. He finally found a spot, NINE BLOCKS from where we ended up. Yeah. So anyway, we had a good time, and I was super duper thankful to finally see my husband again after he found us, because wooooooo boy but I had no idea how heavy Pete was until I had to hold him on my shoulders a period of longer than 2 minutes.
The evening starts at 8pm on Friday 19th September 2008 and ends at at 12.30am.
I must say I have been battling with a few issues for quite some time now…say almost since I stopped posting here. Currently have 2 issues running.
Ever since the Peado labour party let Muslims in to Great Britain, all white British girls are under threat. Here is a few more cases from acouple of years ago.
Kerrie
A read a very thought provoking blog this week by Michael Hait at Planting the Seeds, titled "The Genealogy Paradigm Shift: Are bloggers the new "experts"?" Michael discusses how geneabloggers are becoming viewed as something akin to experts in the field of genealogy. He also points out the lagging membership of genealogy societies, the importance of an online presence and support of these local societies. There were a lot of very interesting points made in the article, it's insightful, and I think it is a great read.
And it's style central which I adore ... I could spend a full day gazing at the deliciously-styled shop windows and taking in the incredible street fashion while sipping a café au lait at one of the many bistros that dot the Champs-Élysées.
Accessories: Spellbinders Labels 20, Cheery Lynn Designs Exotic Butterflies Small, Recollections half pearls, handmade stick pin, seam binding, lace, roses, recycled Prima packaging
As it happens, that book isn’t the only paranormal work of fiction that I have/had fond memories of. A few years after first reading Devi, I watched The X-Files for the first time. I think it was early 1994. I hadn’t started university yet, and came home from addabazi quite late one night. Everyone at home had gone to sleep, and I wasn’t sleepy. I switched on the TV, and saw couple of FBI agents investing some weird stuff in an Arctic scientific facility. I was hooked.
So if I am missing, I am in action...
4. Color 12 large white pearls and 8 smaller pearls with Copic Marker BG01.
Note: It is okay if another band member occasionally gets a song that they sing lead on (as Lee Sungyu did for Jaurim now and again), as long as there is distinctly one vocalist you could call the main vocalist for the group.
21-Darlene Pavlick (gets an extra entry)
I already have gone accepted the fact that book adapted movies are going to be different; but in the case of THG, I was very sad and disappointed, that they changed the part where Madge were ‘supposed’ to give the Mockingjay pin to Katniss. I think, that part is one of the ‘essential’ parts in the book.
2 handfuls of fresh mint, leaves picked
What, then, of the theory about the people's war? Numerous submissions to the TRC had detailed the role in violence of the 'armed struggle', especially after it had evolved (in the 1980s) into what the ANC termed a 'people's war'. The people's war explicitly targeted not only policemen and soldiers, but also local councillors, 'collaborators', 'informers', and all 'puppets and agents of the regime'. The aim of the people's war was to render South Africa 'ungovernable' and ultimately overthrow all authority. But because it relied on the masses to mount an insurrection-rather than on trained guerrillas to fight the police and army-the violence it generated spiralled out of control. And because it targeted so many in the black community, it also provoked a violent backlash from some at least. Once the retaliation began, moreover, it developed its own momentum and, among other consequences, evolved into a civil war between the ANC and the IFP that spread in time from Natal and KwaZulu to the Reef.
I see them as integrated into my life and as part of me–but I don’t give them my heart… I give my mind to them.. and my body.. but my emotions–they are so secondary in most of my experience–that they aren’t really something that I either can or feel is appropriate to give…
There are so many search on the internet engines to help a website on a particular topic. Various places in different designs come in the information. Buildings and record the actual scraping of a separate site with regard to experts to buy guild wars 2 gold check the data will assist you to day.
Schoolboys covers the under-16s currently training full time at London Colney, such as Chuba Akpom and Jack Jebb.
63. Slow, pokey drivers, drives me crazy. Why do you have to look 4 times before crossing the intersection????
13. Giant
A: I'm guessing you work for the publishing industry. Better get that resume up on Monster.com ASAP.
Please visit her blog Meadows to Grove, view her work and her progress leading up to where she is today, and follow. This girl is going somewhere great! Let's go with!
This is her age in Babylonian symbols. I was going to reveal how old she was but then again, she didn't on her blog so the cat shall remain in the bag. Unless you are fluent in Babylonian, you'll never know.
Yes I am talking to you. You know who you are! I have something to tell you that you might not have known for sure lately. But is something that is absolutely true. Here it is. Are you ready for it?
I would also ask yourself what is it about walking down the aisle you don’t like or want to avoid. If it’s the attention then skip the wedding and elope because as the bride (and groom) all eyes will be on you all night long.
Last week was Debbie Corbari's birthday. I know you haven't met her, but she is the amazing, talented artist who draws a lot of our awesome stamp sets. I love her.. she is also a wonderful friend of mine. We have a very FUN new release on the way. Over at the OCL blog, we shared some birthday cards that were made for her... I thought I'd share them here with you, since MOT carries all these stamp sets... and it might just inspire you, as it did me!
Over the years it has become commonplace for circle visitors to experience an energetic ‘flow’ within its precinct. Video cameras malfunction, batteries suddenly go dead, compasses fluctuate wildly. The electromagnetic field which circles produce has been likened by some dowsers, empaths and sensitives to the static they feel inside the oldest stone circles. Again, it seems synchronistic that the crop circles and the stone circles of Wiltshire and North Britain share a mystical connection in location, effect on ground water and subsoil. Samples taken for scientific analysis by non-profit agencies such as BLT Research confirm this. In 1980 the Dragon Project measured a miraculous surge of radiation within the precinct of Rollright Stones, Oxon at the moment of sunrise. Stonehenge visitors (for midsummer sunrise) confirm similar rises in energy. Both these stone circles are reasonably complete in construction. By contrast, dowsers who have visited ‘restored’ stone circles –a notorious one in Aberdeenshire at Strichen–experience sickness and have to leave because of the disruptive energy fields created by misaligned or substituted stones of the ‘wrong’ geological composition. It seems our Neolithic ancestors had a sense of ‘knowing’ where to place stone circles on the earth’s electromagnetic nodes–and within widely electrically-conductive aquifers of chalk or limestone– it worked like a dream.
No crafting done this week but maybe tomorrow:)
For the past three decades, the UK has had a completely relaxed attitude about selling off its assets to companies based abroad. Indeed, most of the time, the swallowing up of yet another great British institution barely makes a headline.
William Shakespeare’s tragedy Hamlet focused around a young procrastinator, often erroneously labeled a tragic hero, the young prince was really a mundane scholar, very average in his capabilities, the most banal perpetrator in the Shakespearean Canon. Aristotle once wrote that in good drama, we learn about the character through their actions and not their speech. Shakespeare turns the notion on its head and has Hamlet waffle on about spirituality and philosophy when he’s supposed to be avenging his father’s death.
Being a complete neophyte to the genre, I am loathe to rate this novel, whether for its entertainment or literary value, believing that what I have written above must suffice for my response to this high quality work; however, it I were given no choice other than to summarize my response in a number or to take a bullet in the head—my ignorance be dammed—I surely would give this novel four stars (out of a possible five).
1 mellow
First you cook the chicken and put it off to the side... (I wipe out the pan and start again with the oil!) I put all the veggies except the cabbage in the wok and continue to stir it until they become tender (NOT mushy) then I add the cabbage as it wilts pretty fast... I throw in the cooked chicken... and then I add some soy sauce (also depends on the amount of veggies I have!) Stir that around a bit then move the veggies to the outside edge of the wok and add some cornstarch mixed with water to the boiling liquid in the center to thicken the sauce a bit.
The following are my off the cuff first impressions (unedited); I’ll probably wish they had remained unwritten. Keep in mind that these are not the words of an urbane sophisticate who frequents haberdasheries, but rather those of a bohemian.
If the state proceeds with its plan to execute Bartee, Execution Watch will broadcast live coverage and commentary starting at 6 p.m. Central Time on KPFT FM 90.1 in Houston and worldwide at http://executionwatch.org/ > Listen.
The film's visual emphasis is confirmed right from its extraordinary opening sequence, in which it takes nearly ten minutes for anyone to say a word. Instead, Rollin simply delivers one mysterious, outrageous set piece after another. Cult scientists in red hoods strip a girl wearing a similar hood and inject her with color-coded chemicals that drip into beakers around the lab. The bright chemicals look like dyes prepared for Easter eggs more than scientific solutions, but no matter. The pacing is slow, almost narcotized, and Rollin cuts between steady, silent closeups: the red-hooded men, their eyes peering out through thin, ragged slits in their cloth hoods, the beakers and scientific equipment around the room, the girl's eyes peering out from behind her own hood. In the next scene, a girl (Caroline Cartier) in a gauzy orange dress, naked beneath the thin, translucent material, runs through the darkness, pursued by men in animal masks. This sequence is evocative and beautiful and creepy, the girl and her pursuers casting elongated shadows on the blank walls of the buildings, Rollin making excellent use of wide expanses of negative space with the girl trapped between these monstrous shadow-creatures. The deliberate pacing only adds to the creepiness of it all, with Rollin frequently cutting in inscrutable closeups of the men in their gaudy, sinister masks.
Turns out, I’m not as familiar with them as I thought. For instance, whenever I thought of the Mahabharata, I always had this vague idea that the story was about the fratricidal war between the Pandavas and the Kauravas and the politics behind it all. But there is so much more to it! There are hundreds of characters, each with his or her fascinating back story and motivation. So many little incidents that happen generations before the actual war actually make that event inevitable.
November 2011
279. On or about December 20, 2006, Nifong received a letter of notice and substance of grievance from the Grievance Committee of the North Carolina State Bar alleging that (a) he failed to provide the Duke Defendants with the potentially exculpatory DNA evidence and test results, (b) he agreed with Dr. Meehan not to provide those results, and (3) he falsely represented to the Court that he was unaware of these results or their omission from DSI's report prior to receiving the Duke Defendants' December 13 motion to compel discovery.
versions.
Man, by his own inborn sinful nature, thinks he can please God his own way. What that person must come to know is that the promise of God for salvation is based on but one principle; the gospel. We are commanded to observe that of 1 Corinthians 3:10. “According to the grace of God which is given unto me as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon.”
This 'How To Get Happy' project seems to be working so far. I'm finding the stresses of work easier to handle and I'm a much nicer person at home. And it's got my creative juices going regarding projects as well. Mission well underway!
it’s the response of the human spirit to the Word of God.
Such a plan, which seems to be an acknowledgement that the company cannot be rescued as a going concern, would still have to overcome the issues I identified at (a) to (f) above. Otherwise Rangers Football Club PLC will be wound up.
We thought we'd organised it brilliantly - we looked up the bus timetables online the day before, and I've used the 60-60 bus before. We decided to go early from Hay to give ourselves enough time to return by the bus that connected with the next to last Hay bus - we've done the nail-biting last minute journey where we were still at Libanus when we should have been in the bus station and we didn't know if we'd get the connection before, and we didn't want to do it again.
Admittedly, there are a couple of instances of genuine surprise, both involving the frightening of Nora Manning. However, Carolyn Craig’s ear-splitting screams destroy those thrilling moments with their frequency and, well, their frequencies.
We operate in strict ways, for the benefit and survival of the pack. Everyone is important and everyone has their role to play. It is easy and everyone understands.
UPDATE: I googled around a bit and it seems to be a compatibility issue between Internet Explorer and Blogger. You can leave comments if you select the Name/URL option:
This is my public announcement that I will no longer be chicken! I have broken ground and began building my story. This post also serves as a challenge. To all of you who have started and stopped, never began, or dreamed of writing a book: I challenge you to start. Not tomorrow, next week, or next year; TODAY!
A Box -
Meanwhile other ‘emerging’ economies led by India and Brazil are also trying to expand their manufacturing industries in an effort both to match China’s prowess in this regard and to close the gap in living standards and incomes with the developed western world.
quite indulgent too – just focusing on the things that I like, and excluding the rest which monopolize normal life. In addition, that’s without mentioning all the beautiful blogs that I’ve come across along the way, giving inspiration and ideas and opening up my eyes and changing my view of the world around me,
Method 1 : Cook the egg and tomatoes separately then mix them together. This is my preferred method too. Most people like to cook the egg first then the tomatoes, but I like to do the reverse. I find cooking the eggs first if it is still soft, the egg will set to a large lump when adding to the cooked tomatoes.
LET’S give it up for my husband and graphic/web designer. He’s credited with investing time and effort to help me begin to understand the wonderful world of technology via the iPad back when I knew very little – including how to develop and run this very blog! He brings a unique and different perspective to this project from the inside out. Thanks for taking the time to contribute your observations:
For instance, Onam, a Kerala festival, is an official holiday here; cow-slaughter is allowed (earlier it was banned); there is a disregard for local festivals; and local shrines are going bankrupt.
The time of day matters too. The harsh light of day may not be the most flattering. but certain times of the day may not be so great either if there’s strong contrast from trees or foliage overhead, with “hot spots” from the sun mixed with shade form the leaves and branches or trees. Most of the time, early morning or late afternoon is best. Cloudy, foggy, or misty days can also provide good light for photographing waterfalls. But talking to people, checking out the falls, and otherwise doing research is best, particularly if you’re visiting. Figure out when the light looks the best, or the most dramatic. Popular places like Yosemite often have a lot of information online or in photography books.
Mike Knox, Dunlaw’s best friend and a detective for the Columbus narcotics unit, was Dunlaw’s roommate at Ohio State.
I see a little bit of grey material underneath the top layer of one of the boxes and give it a tug. Up it comes from the depths as though a lucky dip win. It is my daughter’s old coat, a little crumpled, very small. The label says age 2. Three buttons are aligned each side of its double-breasted front. On each the smiley face on a luminous sticker grins out. Already I have difficulty remembering where they came from. I think they were given out each time we went to a little toddlers' art group. Placed there perfunctorily by the kind lady who ran it, but well-loved by my daughter. Now I remember. A different time. A different place. I suddenly feel a keen sense of change; of loss. But of course we haven’t lost anything. Just time. I want to wrap my daughter up in her little coat and transport us back to those days, simply because we can never return.
Yea, that’s what Christ intended, endless splintering, endless breaking away, endless groups of people looking for some charismatic “pastor” or “preacher,” who says what they want to hear.
The missing cat was taken in as a stray after being found sitting on a log in a forest near the village of Aying, by Kilian Schoettel, 19, the Muenchener Abendzeitung local daily reports.
Remember with radio systems as a rule of thumb, one or two radios on a system sounding bad may be an issue with the units. Many radios sounding bad would lead to a system issue. The more information you have the better we can help service your problem. Statements such as “It’s bad all over” are hard to trouble shoot. There are three things that we usually try to find out when assessing a problem.
Twitter Ye Not - The Eiffel Tower
Depending on the time of the year, your wardrobe could consist of winter clothes or fall clothes. The mountains are able to make a beautiful environment for a winter season wedding and you are able to have a theme marriage ceremony in an area like this that all your buddies and family members are able to take a trip too. You might have a ceremony over looking the gullies or overlooking the valley below. You could have wildflowers as a bouquet to represent the wilderness and an outfit construct from chiffon by having a light print pattern.
Marinara sauce? Uhhh, ok?
Light and Shadow:
I can't wait to see all the other inspiration at the party!
rain boots: 2"
-Bedtime
I told myself that this would be easy. It was purely for medical training purposes. I was far-enough removed from infertility testing and treatment cycles to let this actually "matter" to me. I didn't even bring my chart in, because, well, I'm not charting.
I wouldn’t have known anything about Ulverscroft had it not been for writer Sally Quilford generously sharing the information that she’d sold on some of her previously published pocket novels to them. I’ve thanked her in private but now I’d like to acknowledge in public how much in her debt I am. Thanks, Sally and I owe you!
I hadn’t heard much about The Hunger Games, certainly not at all when the books first came out. A couple of months before the movie released I heard the odd thing, someone read the books, someone else asked for a gist of the story….from what I overheard I thought it sounded like a book I read a long time ago called “The Long Walk” by Richard Bachman (an alias belonging to Stephen King). A similar premise in some ways…but it turned out to be very very different.
It’s supposed to be May. No really, it is.
You can also read more about him and his story at helpgabriel.org :)
I am the Mother Nerd. I call myself this because I’m a nerd, and also a mother. Hence, Mother Nerd. :-p
In a bowl mix the flour, salt, yeast, spices and sugar and add the milk mixture and egg. Mix with a wooden spoon, then with your hands then remove from the bowl and begin to knead. I still found it overly sticky but my egg was very large so I added small amounts of flour gradually until the dough was workable. Knead for about 5mins and then put into a lightly oiled bowl, cover with a clean tea towel and leave to rise for about an hour or until doubled in size.
Coming back to films and motion pictures, the ones that excel in suspending disbelief (at least mine) are either animations (I love cartoons) or these fantastic films, which I recommend as must-watch magical realism/fantasy films.
Mum, hubby and Dex came to visit just before tea time, and Amber still was crying almost non stop. Nurses had taken her out of my room to try calm her but no way was that happening. In the end my no-nonsense nurse expressed off me and gave it to her with a syringe, then pushed her bed into a corner, wrapped her up tight and said to leave her to cry, which goes against everything I believe in as a mum!!
Here’s a seasonal gift that would be wearable all year – a heart pendant by Lyn Gutteridge (Twirlybeads). She has made a matching charm bead too:
cocktail? Margaritas. Good, delicious, mouth-watering margaritas make me happy. I’m particularly a fan of guava and passionfruit.
Sat: Long run with the Gypsy Runner. We went to try out the course for the Tilden Tough Ten — the same route that I ran 2 weeks ago. We meant to run all 10 miles, but it was a hot day and we got a little lost, so we cut the run short. Not to make any excuses, but the stats below don’t really reflect that I ran this route faster than last time, if you take out the 0.4 miles where we were wandering around lost on rough trails before we decided to turn around.
Coming off of their 1-0 win against Chivas USA yesterday, however, the Union are officially on their first winning streak of the season and will look to extend it to three games against the San Jose Earthquakes next weekend.
~ Samuel Beckett, Malone Dies
Do not be idolaters, as some of them were; as it is written, "The people sat down to eat and drink, and stood up to play."
“Guest speakers or entertainers may let you down, and you’ll have to look for a last-minute replacement, or the venue or key facilities such as toilets may be unavailable which could lead to you cancelling the event altogether.
3. I was very surprised. Usually he’s getting goose bumps and runs for cover when I mention the S-word.
“what they needed ” for the time being.
- Easter was a super fun weekend. The men took off to the furthest remote places by snowmobile while Elasta Woman and i hid Easter Baskets for the kids, did egg coloring and tested our "fitness" on 9 grueling stages out of my "Fitness" magazine. Would you believe i just barely achieved "Super Star" status (LOL!!). After ward we had an amazing BBQ with the exhausted men.
Luxe Sweets
Sometimes when I am thinking about my life (what I want it to look like, what I want out of it, who I want in it) I get side tracked and end up trying to recall what I was doing at this time a year ago. I like to compare my current self with my past self and try to find the ways in which I’ve grown and the ways in which I haven’t. I’m not the type to have a traditional handwriting kind of journal; I have made many attempts to keep one, but I always seem to lose interest. Fortunately, with the Internet’s many social media sites, I can still look at myself going back more than 5 years.
The dog needs feeding again, but then, that’s how it goes with dogs. I should call her by name, Yuki, out of respect. She’s got me through some tough days. She’s a Japanese breed, a Shiba Inu, and a lovely, fox-like little thing. She never barks, and never complains, even when I don’t feed her enough. Yuki is almost 12: still younger than I am, even in dog years. She also needs far fewer pills. I hide hers in her food, then take my evening dose: a colorful handful.
No sooner is he dead and gone, there's blessed pulpits-full;
Dear Gorgeous Sparkly Flats,
1971 Live at Club 7
Camera Settings
3. Start early. It’s cliche, but it works.
The First Dude and his wife have some wounds that need lick’n.
The man who launched Whitehead’s career is Rousas John Rushdoony, perhaps the leading theocratic Christian thinker of the 20th Century. Rushdoony (who died in 2001 at the age of 84) headed the secretive Chalcedon Foundation in Vallecito, California, and was the founder of what is called the Christian Reconstructionist movement. “Reconstructionism” asserts that in order to pave the way for the “Kingdom of God,” the world must develop theocratic republics ruled by “Biblical law.”
to eat off when we move.
The TSP survey this week fell to an even more bearish posture with 59% expecting lower prices and just 31% expecting higher ones. The bull ratio declined to 34%, the lowest since August 2010.
*Organic Jonagold and Braeburn apples are also on sale for .99/lb. at Newflower
The first poem I wrote was about World War II
Seriously. This is what my mind is stuck on.
It has been brought to the attention of the Democratic Alliance in the city of Johannesburg that on the 13th October at approximately 1530 at the Marlboro off ramp Sandton a JMPD officer allegedly removed R1000.00 from the wallet of Mr Johan Van Zyl after intimidating and threatening him with imprisonment.
Capt. Martin Egan, 36, New York, N.Y.
Step 3: Get your fabric cut and buy the extra thread or notions you need for the project. Be honest, if you need thread in that color buy it. (10 Points)
FB: Why?
A Pit Bull is simply a dog. Not a demon or the scapegoat to blame for people’s lack of understanding of animals or people behavior.
So the ‘groundwork’ for possible further revelations about criminal activities of ‘the family’ was already there, giving Mabel Wisse Smit an easy ride. In an horrendous –and still widely debated- epilogue to this chapter of Dutch royal history, the politician that broke the news of the criminal role of her majesties counsel, Maarten van Traa, died in a car accident shortly after the revelations that is till this day shrouded in clouds and mysteries.
Come and play as the wild fairies play
Phayul
all four candles are lit.
I remember the first time I heard it, and I’ll admit, I was in my mid twenties which is late for a rock music fanatic such as myself, and to be honest I’m not sure why it took me so long to get into Pink Floyd in general, I was definitely missing out.
It's a simple matter, however, to discourage on-the-fly spell trading without arbitrarily forbidding it. All you have to do is make it a long, difficult, expensive and risky process, and it will happen rarely, if at all.
All that I am asking..
They'll be a May snowfall.
Because it matters. Because YOU matter. Because we are ALL 'enough'.
4.) Last of its name still operating.
Well, last time I posted on this blog, it was about my series of failed relationships, and how I’m pretty much content to let love go, provided I don’t have to go through such pain ever again…
As humans, here on this earth, we each have only 24 hours in a day.
I have run into on several occasions.
Why, for what reasons?
Here is a story about MASTIC.
Thought for the Day: The price of a little bruised pride is nothing compared to the price He paid on the cross.
And get rid of
Porky pig's liquidised smoking bacon rind.
The Russian speaker gave the strangest presentation. He had a girl stand next to him at the podium, a young blond with a big smile, and her job was to press the button for the next slide. Never mind that his hand was closer to the keyboard than she was, or that he had to interrupt himself to say 'next slide please' every time. Then there was his talk itself. He would go a minute or two without changing the slide, speaking in a very heavy accent, but the slides didn't contain anything to help us understand what was going on. There were no diagrams or explanations, just naked graphs of data that must have been explained in the flow of words, but who could follow? At one point a chart said that 107 % of the cells were dead. Wow! They're good, these Russian scientists!
External wall insulation involves fixing a layer of insulation material to the wall, then covering it with a special type of render (plasterwork) or cladding. The finish can be smooth, textured, painted, tiled, panelled, pebble-dashed, or finished with brick slips.
A week ago, the Greens announced they will move for a Senate inquiry into marriage equality, to investigate Senator Sarah Hanson-Young’s 2010 Bill. Gay News Network reports that marriage equality advocates have welcomed the move as a means to help build up support on the issue before a private member’s bill on marriage equality is voted on by MPs later in the year.
Here I am, odd again.
Now all we needed were guests! Here she is with her little sis and 4 "besties", getting ready to blow out all 7 candles on her brownie.
Thanks to WorldCat, I now know more about the history of the 48th Highlanders, and more about my husband's great-uncle Jack, who served as bandmaster for 50 years.
The problems of the university, like the problems of the world, are only more likely to be solved by conversation than not.
Here it is, the TOP TEN Reasons I have not been blogging:
Playa de Oro Lodge
I turn to run,
Under the title of ‘General Works” and ‘Transportation Services’, it has won a numerous public contracts.
Phreak: Good choice.
Every religion of the past had an occult side which had custody of Mysteries and Initiations that were sought by eminent men of their time. Most of these ancient religions profess to be custodians of a Gnosis: Divine Knowledge per se.
Lately I have been doing a lot of painting. The custom portraits from my etsy shop seem to be my most popular item. I've been working on a few as well as some other stuff, and that's why I haven't been posting much. I'll post pictures of the one I'm working on now--I'm really liking how it's turning out.
Pink Ruffles - ballerina pink - taken from the ruffles - 251.206.204
I've decided to post a tiny bit from my upcoming novel, however this is still under revision and may change a bit from what I post here. The scene is one of many zombie POV situations that I include in my story, but let me be clear, the whole novel does not revolve around the zombie I am featuring here. She only represents one of the characters in my book, although she does play an important role to the story. And here it goes:
Picking Your Toolbox
Quite simply: I WOULD LOVE THIS!
And the best part is, they even ship internationally!
Caldwell a cold well
More Pepsi machines.
with cockeyed pride that made him say
Bubbles risin' from his feet
Maya Heart Pins
I reiterate our call for, inter-alia, the immediate ending of the state of emergency and the freeing of all - and not only some - political prisoners.
Cruising homeward.
But what it also did was cause me to think of the spiritual principle our dogs illustrated. Their food bowls were empty and had been empty for quite some time. Both Buddy and Duke are strays we rescued, so they had been on their own before, yet they stayed. Why did they stay and not go wandering to at least look for food? Because of loyalty and also a form of faith deep inside them, faith that we loved them and would always take care of them. Now I know they are only dogs and don’t display the higher cognitive thinking abilities we humans have, but there is a core deep inside them, a trust and faithfulness that we should all make note of.
... so was sober enough to peel the sprouts myself)
Wea re to sit comfortably with eyes closed whilst Kate our cardio nurse talks us through a scenario which we are to imagine.
I remember Mama lighting the Menorah,
I could tell you sponsorship and pro-bono horror stories all day long. I worked over 100 hours raising money for an organizations in the past, and today, they pretend not to know me. You can probably guess how that makes me feel. You can probably also guess why I have stopped conversing with them, and I don't attend their events. For another group, I invested $400 out of my pocket to keep their club afloat. When I was a teaching assistant in grad school, $400 was almost half of my monthly stipend. The response I got was "we didn't care about you anyways." I don't even pay dues to them anymore, and I've been approached numerous times about why I left the group. It doesn't take a psychologist to guess how I feel about them now. I have no sympathy for groups who behave in such rude ways.
onto you
Soup. Also imagine the tree of vessels in
Who by repentance is not satisfied
'Let my guitar playing friend do my request.' (Let him...)
Shahrukh, who had landed in the US to visit the Yale University, was detained at the airport for two long hours. Though he was later released, the incident provoked almost a mini-war between the US and India. Enraged by the event, the Indian government along with many Bollywood celebrities expressed their rage and disapproval through various media.
What is beauty? After my trip today I know what is it NOT. Real beauty has nothing to do with our bodies or what we look like on the outside, it just can’t be because I am the same person I was in the garden, except that now I don’t look the same, it is a dangerous thing to be swayed by something that looks pleasing on the outside. (and by the way it was NOT an apple, is just says fruit I do not know how this whole apple thing got started)
Fine! I'll stream it! Anything to just hear it!
Coffea cruda is another popular remedy – it is for sleeplessness with mental hyperactivity. I use this if I drink caffeine too late – it helps me go to sleep in about 5 minutes.
I play Agent Bothwick, a colleague of FDR and Tuck within the CIA who gets drafted onto FDR’s (Chris Pine’s) team in the war against Tuck (Tom Hardy). Bothwick is FDR’s right hand man, so to speak, and does a lot of the technical work when it comes to spying on, researching and sabotaging Tuck in his pursuit of romantic relations with Lauren (Reese Witherspoon). He’s a consummate professional in the beginning, but he evolves into a bit of a comedic sidekick. We see quite a bit of him in the film and he/I got to deliver a couple of pretty funny lines. Tuck had his own CIA sidekick, Agent Boyles played by the very funny Kevin O’Grady.
But I tell you what worried me most about minimalism - one blog suggested that one should even be minimalist in one's conversations - to weigh each word and only have meaningful communications with other people. That, my dahlings, you will not be surprised to hear, frightened the life out of me!
‘Anti-masonry’ in nineteenth-century Ottoman Lebanon: an offensive
With a deft, and well-rehearsed move, the turtle rolls under your car and bites a hole right though the inner sidewall. The sudden yawing acceleration startles you out of your trance. You expertly make an emergency stop.
Well, now it is. Courtesy of my friend Alan Crabtree, from Coffee Capital Seattle, our ranch house is now equipped with an Aerobie Aeropress ...a gizmo that puts beautifully brewed coffee into your cup with what has to be the most hassle-free method around.
For me, one of the highlights of the day was getting a chocolate soft serve on the way out. I'd been craving one for months!
'Hope springs eternal.'
Shortly after noon they had reached a height of around 2000 feet above the river and, exhausted, thirsty and soaking wet from the high humidity, found themselves at a tiny grass-covered hut. The two farmers who lived in the hut, Melquiades Richarte and Anacleto Alvarez, welcomed their grateful visitors with a meal of sweet potatoes and gourds filled with refreshing water. The farmers explained that there were numerous terraces in the vicinity upon which they could grow their crops and that they were also nicely hidden away from any undesirable visitors on the look-out for taxes or volunteers for the army.
Fuck my now-abbreviated life.
In recent months, photographs and videos have captured scenes of violence and brutality against peaceful gatherings. These have embarrassed the perpetrators of the violence and those behind them. Only a few days ago, a mob attacked the peaceful Occupy Dataran encampment. Among those targeted were those activists wielding cameras or smart phones, ostensibly in a bid to thwart any attempt to document the violence and identify the perpetrators, leading up to the Bersih rally.
branches represent your body. If you are like a tree planted by rivers
This age is , I know, just a precursor to the teen years to come. As frustrating as certain moments can be, I treasure this time. Yes, he is half-grown, but if the glimpses that I see of the man he may become prove true, he will grow to be a man of worth. That is what I hope someday to see.
And while the food photos in this book certainly look delicious, many of them remind me of why I pay to eat at a restaurant in the first place. "Stuffed Squid with Ratatouille, Polenta Fries, and Balsamic Butter" from The Garden sounds delicious. It also sounds like something I would burn, overpay for, and ultimately make me wish I had gotten take out instead. In trying to show themselves off, many of the recipes given by these restaurants are not only complicated but involve expensive ingredients.
When I entered college I didn’t go with the delusional belief that work would be waiting for me when I got out. I didn’t want to study something practical because that’s not what college is for to me. To me I went to college to be exposed to intellectual pursuits. To learn for the sake of learning. No sane person majors in media studies or communication thinking that they will be handed a high paying job for their trouble. At least no thoughtful or reflective person thinks that.
smelling the rich thawed female land, pungent
- I still couldn't resist putting pretty orchids at the top of this post. A.k.a, this is a sucky thing, I feel I have been treated ill. Allowed myself to be tricked, used. I have been a fool. We have worked hard to cut back on all our spending, yet I have offered up our resources unnecessarily. Stupid, stupid, stupid. But this isn't an insurmountable thing. Everything, anything, could so easily be much worse. Live and learn, I get more chances, today is a new day; and like Anne of Green Gables would say, it doesn't have any mistakes in it (yet). And I don't take simple things like movement, my ability to walk, or dance (when I can dance without feeling sick) for granted anymore. It is a fine and remarkable thing to be able to move about the world.
Last note, this is an EXCELLENT way to hide veggies for the kids and adults alike. You can put them in the sauce and just blend it all up. Then add in enough meat and they’ll never know. I tried this on my friend’s 10-year-old son, and it worked like a charm. Also tried it on a guy I dated years ago who claimed to hate veggies. Worked on him too. Gotta love the sneaky.
The Great Citizen Kane Debate!
2 informed
Depending on how most people feel about recaps, sometimes they can be a helpful refresher of what happened in the series thus far or it can be an irritating break from the main story when all you want to do is keep watching until the end.
Lauren says, "despite the fact that we've been inspired by song titles all year long, when i sat down to make a specifically "music influenced" card, my mind went totally blank! then i did what i always do when i'm stumped: i went foraging through my stash of vintage stuff. within five minutes i had the sheet music and a plan, within another five i had found the gorgeous victorian postcard on t'internet and printed it out. not long after that, i was done. i love it when a plan comes together!" :)
I'm sure most of you have heard that the National Wildlife Federation, promoters of the backyard habitat certification program, have partnered with Scotts of Miracle Gro and fertilizer and insecticide fame. Two programs are key: increasing wild songbirds (by buying Scotts birdseed) and getting kids back out into nature (where they can absorb all kinds of Scotts products). I apologize for my snark. Go read Tallamy's Bringing Nature Home, and Louv's Last Child in the Woods. That's all you need to light a fire under you.
The first few years after leaving IIT was dedicated to the challenges of his internal spiritual self-development guided by the teachings of Bhagavad Gita As It Is by His Divine Grace A.C.Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada . In the year 1990 he took up the challenge of building one of today’s most popular cultural and spiritual centers, a landmark destination in Bangalore: The ISKCON Sri Radha Krishna Temple . Starting with practically nothing, from a fledging two room rented premises, he built and led a team of selfless volunteers in what can be considered as one of India’s largest fundraising efforts of those days, to set up this cultural monument at a cost of over Rs. 40 crores on a seven acres plot in the heart of Bangalore City. It was inaugurated in 1997 by the then President of India. The successful completion of this project was due his applying his training in IIT on a foundation of spiritual maturity for a selfless cause. www.iskconbangalore.org
Yep. To the mother in law. As if it wasn't bad enough that we'd only met four times and here I was living in her house, practically engaged to her son... I had to go rub our sex life in her face before she'd even had time to wake up.
Please feel free to contact me with any updates for your organization, venue or business that you think relevant content -- screenings, movie nights, brewery sponsorships of film-relate events -- or add me to your media list as needed.
I also hope to leave more comments on your blogs instead of merely thinking about them
Take care my friends and have a blessed and relaxing evening.
It’s a good tune on top of a hard sample of a harder tune. When a friend of mine about a month and a bit ago dropped this tune for me, I went absolutley wild. It’s only a year since I used to absolutely murda Linval Thompson’s ode to cannabis – “I Love Marijuana.”
Everything that you've always dreamed of
That waning and waxing moon
We are lucky in that Maxi is great at sport and hope that he can use this as an outlet to help get through school without sticking out as the clever one or the nerd. It was how MadDad managed his intelligence and maybe Maxi and one day Mini can do the same.
Well, after some late night framing, Mike, (with a very little bit of my help), was able to frame out the bottom level. Since Mike doesn't get the whole "Wait until Mallory has time to take a picture for the blog before moving on to the next step" idea, I came home from work to the decking already started and didn't get a picture until the entire top level was already done. So, here's the the top level decking looking to the left, then the right.
I did find a few balls of white and ecru DMC Cebelia at a Hancocks Fabric store so picked up a ball of size 30 in white. Then stopped at a Micheal's store and found a few colors of DMC perle cotton, so picked up a ball of white and a ball of red in size 8.
Now is the time for all good. Countries and presidents and all that crap. Listening to “Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain” over the weekend, one of my favorite albums from the early 90's. Never really understood the press craze for lo-fi recordings, it was just one more thing to talk about I suppose. Writers, jeez, you can’t trust ‘em…
Ali was the second son of a second son
the butterfly is from a Pion paper and the sentiment is by Whimsy,
WASHINGTON: Factory activity rose in China, the US and Germany in January, and the three manufacturing superpowers drove gains in global output even as Europe struggles with fallout from its festering debt crisis. However, crumbling global demand …
Thanks everyone!
Senior Parents, Prom to Dawn will meet at the Ritter Library community room today at 7:00. Anyone interested in helping with the event should attend. If you have any questions, call Dina Bauer 967-1223 or e-mail vermilionpromtodawn2012@gmail.com
Anna: “I don’t know!”
So how do we save ourselves and our culture from the Jesus of our own making? Nichols suggests that we need to get back to the tradition of the creeds and the tradition of Scripture. We need the creeds because they have helped to solidify the teaching of Scripture pertaining to, of many things, the deity of Christ. While creedal tradition can help we must ultimately rest our understanding of Christ on Scripture. When we rest on Scripture we cannot help but conclude that Jesus is God.
The trip home was good fun and 3 weeks went by so so fast and I'm kicking myself for not staying on for some more time. Its strange how a country and its ways just grow on you and you head to the place you called home only to find their ways annoying. I had a couple of epiphanies after I got home. Care to read?
It's a cunning line, based on the reported words of Rupert Murdoch in the Wall Street Journal earlier this week. Murdoch, referring to News Corp's handling of the crisis since it broke, said they'd handled it well with only and few "minor mistakes". I've now seen this has been reinterpreted by some (BBC reporters and Labour politicians, including John Prescott, so far) as meaning the accusations against the News of the World (such as the accessing of Milly Downler's voicemails) were minor mistakes. Clever. There will be many that may disagree that News Corp have handled the crisis well with only a few minor mistakes, but no one would agree that the accusations regarding the accessing of innocent private individuals' voicemails, including victims of crime, are minor mistakes. Indeed, it's a line that, had he actually said it, would add to the public outrage and focus it more sharply on Rupert Murdoch himself. Which is, of course, their agenda.
By my estimates, I should have close to 350,000 words done on the book…not the original 430,000 word count deadline I imposed on myself so loftily late last month and on Twitter.
During recent years I have maintained a habit of taking time out
There are thousands of new books published every year and a very small number are reviewed. Many books that come out just do not survive very long on the shelves of bookstores.
A year ago today we found out we were expecting our sweet girl.
From page 77, starting with Line 7:
(unlike in the UK where apparantley you can park however the heck you like, including on sidewalks)
The Church is God’s vision of united mankind – a union achieved through the gift of God and not by human effort. It is a union which maintains a diversity of sorts (the languages do not become one “super” language – so much for the “unity” of Latin) but a diversity whose unity is found in true union with the one, living and true God. The gospel proclaimed by the apostles on the day of Pentecost, though preached in many languages, was one and the same gospel.
Why am I so interested in all things Gypsy? In 3 months time I will be travelling to Slovakia via the UK and Vienna. I will be joining a team which includes youth from Czech, members of a local Slovak church and Gypsy Christians. In cooperation with the local government we will be clearing an illegal dump and cleaning up other areas of the village. The project slogan is “I Love My City”. We believe that this initiative is an opportunity for the Roma, often seen as a curse in a community, to be seen as a blessing.
Despite these achievements in toning down the official Air Force doctrine of “mutually assured destruction” (MAD), few at RAND were pleased by Wohlstetter’s eminence. Bernard Brodie had always resented his influence and was forever plotting to bring him down. Still, Wohlstetter was popular compared to Herman Kahn. All the nuclear strategists were irritated by Kahn who, ultimately, left RAND and created his own think tank, the Hudson Institute, with a million-dollar grant from the Rockefeller Foundation.
So, that's that. I probably won't update toooo much on this endeavor, because like I said, it's nothing particularly earth-shattering and I'm sure you're all sick of hearing I've dumped Fat Ass on his, well... Fat Ass again. So, I'll try to keep the weighty subjects to a minimum and write about more important things, like Chuck Bass and my list of HGCs. And with any luck, I will one day introduce you all to my newest interest:
“The University has planned to begin rotating advanced pharmacy students to perform clinical rotations in area retail pharmacies, hospitals and health clinics as early as this summer,” Ammons said in his email.
In a food processor combine the mascarpone cheese, strawberries, sugar and lemon juice.
It was so statuesque, so tall, so strong – its stem larger than the area I could encompass with my two hands. It was full of moisture and had responded with phenomenal growth. But no yellow petals.
I’m away to make baked bean pasta. I’m hoping it’s nice and if it is I’ll post the recipe.
The Council for Scientific & Industrial Research (CSIR), India’s premier civilian scientific research establishment has recently disclosed in response (available here) to a RTI Application filed by me that it has spent a whopping Rs. 74.24 crores or Rs. 74,24,00,000 on securing patents for its inventions in India and foreign countries. Of the Rs. 74.24 crores, only a paltry sum of Rs. 1.78 crores was spent on securing the Indian patents. The remaining Rs. 72.46 crores was spent on securing patents around the world including jurisdictions like the U.S., Japan & the E.U. Image from here.
B. K. Rana,
We live in a country where payday loan shops charge their victims fifteen percent interest for a two-week loan. On an annual basis that comes out to 390 percent without figuring in the compounding, and most of their loans do get compounded week after week as the working poor fall deeper into the pit of usury. These heartless bastards can work right out in the open because they paid off our politicians to make sure there’s no law to stop them. They even put up billboards and neon signs to bring in more suckers. Does it really matter whether such companies are American or not? They couldn’t do more harm if they were owned by Al Qaeda.
Localized itching
<U+25CF> Eliminates the need to make monthly mortgage payments
'Twas more than I could take, pity for pity's sake
as the space beneath these red eyes will permit.
Again I ask: So why don’t I?
1. How to play the violin.
Sourcing Fabric-
Well, today an enterprising friend found it for me! Weirdly, it’s not for sale by itself, but is included as an extra feature with one of Stanley’s full length feature films, “Dust Devil.” The new copies are a bit pricey at $35, but there are a number of used copies available for a fraction of the cost.
What is happening to me? The past few years have certainly seen this movement towards a very quiet life. I seem to be incapable of handling the way people swarm like bees, the hum of their conversation, the screeching punctuation of those who seek attention above the din. I CRAVE silence like a junkie. I am angry tonight because my neighbors are once again out on their postage stamp of a patio laughing it up like cancer has left the planet, and joblessness was soooo yesterday, and my son has not been spending his first four hours in Los Angeles on his bike, waiting for someone to let him on the couch. That sounds so jaded! I am angry at myself for being jaded. But I have weight. There are incredible weights...held, released, thrown, purposed, unpurposed. I used to drown them out. I suppose now I am facing them head to head, and distraction is just another semester to a diploma long past due. Noise was a deluge to thought. (Drown those dirty rats!)
Dave looks up at me and pushes his mad curls from out of his eyes.
Neither Mr. B or I have ever done this kind of work. And I confess: I can be pretty impatient and rude when I know how to do something, or know only a little bit about how to do something (but don't want anyone to know I DON'T know 'cause I don't want them to think I'm dumb - I know...something I need to work on). But what I discovered through the fence building project was that it was a lot easier to have fun and enjoy the hard work when just giving in to that ignorance, doing my best with the knowledge I have and enjoying the give and take of working together with Mr. B with shared leadership in a project.
The results will make you feel nauseous or fall into convulsions. Subjects highlighted include:
Yards away, the water boiled as the old bull found the floating body of the first scout. The second scout snapped his head in the direction of the noise just in time to see his fellow scout’s body drug under the water in the gator’s death roll. The scout’s rifle moved to his shoulder almost without thought. Pitcher tensed his muscles in preparation for his attack.
Have a lesser grace
And God will generously provide all you need. Then you will always have everything you need and plenty left over to share with others.
Don’t get caught off guard! Make sure you keep your eye out for these events so you know what’s happening at the Magic Kingdom on the day of your visit.
Lord, I have much to learn and even more to discover about Your plans for my life.
*rips hair out; jumps off bridge*
yields 16 cupcakes
I'm also going to try to use more fresh fruits and vegetables. To soak my beans instead of opening a can. To plan ahead so I'm not stuck pulling out the frozen pizza at the last minute.To cut down on the amount of chemicals in my kitchen (I suppose I should start in the most obvious place, by kicking - once again - my diet soda habit. Shhh... don't tell Emily)
I do not understand the choices some people make when it comes to the animals they decide to bring into their lives. They do not feed them properly. They do not spay or neuter. They do not go to the veterinarian. They smile and tell others that once again they have puppies to give away and blame it on the un-neutered dog running around. Not once considering that they are half of the problem.
Have a great week everyone.
Congratulations Donna! Please email me at laurelkbeard at gmail dot com to claim your prize. You have 48 hours to respond. And be sure to pick up your winners badge and post it on your blog!
Missy groans, "Ugh, just kiss her, and get it over with!"
I'm already counting down the days to next year's Blood on the Beach Con.
I hunt, putting myself through great physical and mental strain, for jobs that I usually don’t want. Then I must go before a complete stranger, grovel and humiliate myself, and beg to him, trying to justify my existence, to convince him that I deserve to be alive, to have food, clothing, shelter, health care, and leisure. If the stranger hears my supplications, then I am condemned, for a period, to his particular form of punishment, in which he may grant a few of my requests and provide for a few of my needs.
Being Skirmishers makes you much harder to hit with ranged attacks esspecially if you keep in cover (forests for example) making you a bit more survivable, you are also much more maneuverable thanks to being able to March and Shoot giving you a total range of 40" with no penalty when moving and shooting. Finally, with the scout rule you can deploy further up the field and use them as harassers, lone character assassins and war machine hunters.
every day of the rest of my life...
First launched in 2009, the craft&design Selected Awards are based on an Online Public Vote for British and Irish designer makers with work represented in Selected, craft&design’s online gallery.
It's all well and good when mom is home and can let the kiddos sleep in. But it won't be OK when that bus rolls up at exactly 7:43 a.m. a couple of weeks from now. And I know from previous experience, switching up bedtime routines and sleep schedules doesn't happen over night!
"I think any committed mother is one of the most important citizens."
About to have the scare of his life.
So I’m not as bitter about my dismissal as you might expect, even though no one from the company told me I’d been canned or even informed me that my next column and a scheduled feature were no longer welcome. As a non-employed contractor in our brave new world of semi-employed twenty-first century servitude, I had to perceive I was fired. We all know how these arrangements work. Non-employees float in an opaque legal gelatin that can wash out from under us at any time. But remember, I had it coming.
In the glove compartment
“And the same was true for all of us. Everything we had every lived was a twig off the same tree, a finger on the same hand. .Add time, an it became blindingly obvious that the entire tree of life on earth was alive and physically connected, even after three and a half billion years. Not in any metaphysical way but literally, materially, back through all tie toward the root. The same primordial mitochondrial ocean was and is still dividing inside each and every one of us.”
Boy! it flew by!!
I am really happy with the outcome. I was also thinking of putting a small basket at the bottom of the cupboard to put clothes in that are too small and make a rule that when the basket is full it must be put into the clothes tub. I will be buying another tub for his size 5 clothes as I try and buy clothes a season ahead.
You’ve got a long day ahead of you!
My vote for tribute is the first song that convinced me they had any intent of becoming Serious Artists instead of languishing as party-chasing musical pranksters. Licensed to Ill seemed at the time like novelty rock. I never “got” Paul’s Boutique, though I can understand why it has its fans. To me, Check Your Head seemed like a stronger leap forward, particularly the first single, “Pass the Mic”, though our local corporate alt-rock station prefers endless revisits to “Sabotage” and “So Whatcha Want”. It’s a rarity of sorts in that MCA leads off for once instead of batting cleanup.
1/2 c. chopped nuts
The contagion of Wukan appears to have spread to the south and west, across the border into Vietnam.
What you’d really like to have is a giant hotspot that goes where you go. You may be getting by in town and on the road by finding motels and restaurants that offer free WiFi. But it sure is frustrating when you can’t. What about at your relatives’ house or up at the lake? Internet? No Internet there.
But this book then. Hugh has such a bad reputation and for a reason, but he still is so kind and sweet, well after a while, and only to Serena. What was there not to like. She made him soften up. And Serena is so brave for not backing down, she wants that asshole Duke to pay. She had quite the backbone.
The new legislation allows prosecutors to charge anyone who enters a building without permission or with the intent to disrupt a government function with a federal offense if Secret Service is on the scene, but the law stretches to include not just the president’s palatial Pennsylvania Avenue home. Under the law, any building or grounds where the president is visiting — even temporarily — is covered, as is any building or grounds “restricted in conjunction with an event designated as a special event of national significance.”
Months ago, a sweet blog friend of mine sent me all of these wonderful cards that she illustrated! I was so honored and thought that they were far too special to use them all. So we framed them in our kitchen! Thanks Analene!!! We thoroughly enjoy looking at them every day!
colon cancer that had spread to his liver)
Ted Williams - San Diego Padres
“Why did you leave a whole trail of pennies?” asked the girl.
3. Gradually you realise, after reading the books, or watching the film a 2nd or 3rd time, that Bella is actually really moany.
PT "how is your water intake?"
Gregory: Conservatives are very upset that you
Truth is what I yearn to share
While some folks seem to know it well
to Sun flare activities…to temperature change,
On Wednesday, Panday started feeling pain. The magistrate remanded the case to Tuesday and ruled he be kept in custody, Colonel McIntosh Polela said.
Speed wound healing, reduces scar tissue
Weather and country-dependent, it’s unlikely you’ll need a sleeping bag as most places provide – though if on a super budget I’d take a sleeping bag sheet liner if you’re anticipating flee-farms. And a mini-med-kit with plasters, immodium and paracetamol. And a travel adaptor if you are flashpacking, to charge all your gear.
I'll see you tomorrow for Day I peeps!
You’re gonna make it after all
After leaving his statewide position in FFA, Dodds became involved with SGA as the director of information technology, a position he has held for two years. The university community recently elected him as SGA president for the 2012-2013 and he will represent students as a regent on WKU’s governing board.
And so life goes on. There is no stopping us and the kiddos in watching The Avengers. We all like superheroes but as Captain America said, “There is only one God and I’m pretty sure he doesn’t dress like that.” And I say amen to that.
Key person disability coverage should be established as indemnification to the firm by naming the attractive employer as the premium payer and the loss payee. Premiums are not deductible, but benefits are tax-free. Benefit durations should be kept to a reasonable term such as 12, 15, 18 or 24 months. Anything longer could be construed as a salary continuation plan. The firm would be expected to solve its loss of a key person in a reasonable amount of time by hiring and training a replacement if the disability is one of a permanent nature.
Amsterdam is a great city. Truly, it really is. I can't wait to go back. Even if you don't, ahem, do anything...it seems that going there for a few days is enough to make you feel refreshed in a way you didn't think possible.
"What's up?" Rissad hobbled around the corner of the shelving, using his torch as a crutch, the still-burning end pressed to the floor and in danger of igniting his trousers.
almost 3 days my mum got sick.she had asma.again!
Best Bet: Picture, Martin Scorcese (Director), John Logan (Adapted Screenplay), Editing, Bob Richardson (Cinematography); Possible: Sound Mixing, Sound Editing, Costume Design, Howard Shore (Score), Visual Effects, Makeup; Long Shot: Asa Butterfield (Lead – or, incorrectly, Supporting – Actor)
AC: Do you like it? What’s your favourite part? What’s the worst part?
“There was a heated discussion and someone came and took a flag, but there wasn’t any violence or fighting taking place. This was a deliberate act of provocation. They illegally entered the parade that we have received authorization from the police to hold. The police also came and told them to leave after a while,” Dydland tells Aftenbladet.
Anybody see an opportunity for tech-friendly physicians?
Nancy's anti-Semitic vandalism at left. A display she created in the mid-town Garment District.
Rant over. Anyone else have issues with shoes? Or I am just super special?
This is my new and improved Craft room. Here is my new white cabinet next to my old one. It took me a good solid 6 hours to put everything back together and organized at the same time. I could barely move on Monday after I did all that work. But it was fun finding all kinds of stuff I forgot about.
Ten years ago.
We were ten minutes late which made it odd that no other cars were around the house. Hmmm. I obviously hadn't read the invitation properly. I wonder where the party was being held? Husband went to the front door to check it out while I started dialing the phone. Were they at a nearby park? Were we supposed to be at the local footy club?
On a plumber's truck.
The City Destroyer - Norvell Page
Erin Merryn created Erin’s Law so that children would be required to have child sexual abuse education in elementary school as a form of prevention. While I am so excited for Erin Merryn and I support her efforts to end child sexual abuse, I do not see a difference between this new law, and the ones that have come before it. You see, Erin Merryn will admit that she did have “Stranger Danger” in her Illinois school system, and I had “Good Touch, Bad Touch.” These are examples of child sexual abuse education.
Then we did some guided imagery–something I had never done before and haven’t done since–in which I was asked to give the hunger a color. I said, without thinking, blue. She asked what the hunger was like. I saw a young bird in a nest, a baby with gaping beak, waiting and hoping and helpless. She asked what kind of bird, and I realized it was an eaglet, very downy with a big beak, in a high and hugely tangled nest. She said what does the eagle want, and I replied, “To fly, of course!”
In any case, Straw did not apologise to the Muslim women who made him feel uncomfortable. He really said sorry to his Muslim constituents, as well as to the Islamists and far leftists who milked this infinitesimal misdemeanour. They demanded that Straw eat a lot of humble pie. They demanded yet another victim of Islamism.
I was outside doing yard work as always , since it is spring. I just got my patio cleaned off from winter and fall leaves and branches . Then it stormed again last weelend and then I had more tree branches and those twirle things , we use to call them helicopters.
Reading the poignant stories about the lives of Ellen Terry and Marie Lloyd – two quite different, and yet, in many ways, quite similar women – for the purpose of writing these pieces has, I think, given me a great starting point on the subject of Victorian entertainment, particularly the dance hall.
What I recommend is that you do it to your blog(s) right now, and store the files in a couple of places. Offer to store a friend's blog, perhaps, so it's disaster-resistant even if their house burns down or is hit by an asteroid.
"They shall become a sign and a wonder on you and your descendants forever.
I've starting putting a few things together for an upcoming color-themed post. I love searching for photo props for that sort of thing and for my food photography too. I just found this round cooling rack last week and I was so excited. I've been looking for one for awhile and, let me tell you, are they hard to find. This one is actually new. I put up a photo of it along with a few other things I found on my Facebook page.
This is the best simple home cooking when tomatoes are much nicer and tastier in the summer when they in abundance and much cheaper. If you like the sound of this dish. Give it a try. Simple and tasty with rice or nice with noodles too.
UKIP? Don't make me laugh.
Comparative Analysis 17
I feel motherhood on a cellular level and every child is mine. The thought 'that could be Max' floats through my brain almost daily on hearing of any tragedy befalling a child.
“We saw some amazing country,” remarked XCOR Senior Engineer and principal driver Mike Valant, “we traveled through New Mexico, passing the Very Large Array, then turned northwards to Route 66, traveling as much of the old highway as possible. Meteor Crater was a highlight, as well as the towns of Holbrook, Seligman, Kingman, Oatman, all the classic waypoints on the Mother Road. We drove through sun, snow, rain and everything in-between. Personally for me, it was one of the greatest adventures I’ve had. It was challenging, and there was a lot of payoff. In addition to keeping the bike on the road through all the weather, we had to pay attention to how it was behaving and make sure there was no trouble.
The first stop was Meadville, Pennsylvania -- north of Pittsburgh, and just south of Lake Erie -- which is the home of Allegheny College.
I'm really excited to begin using this product and see if it makes a difference!
1/3 c. extra virgin olive oil
This can incorporate Valentines, Love, Wedding, Anniversary.....anything romantic!!
The Patel posse burst into the room to find me giggling at my book while Sameer lay dozing.
I find that if you concentrate on the vowels, it will be easier to learn. Most of the consonant sounds are the same as in English. The only problems I've witnessed students having with the consonants, is keeping the "G" hard, and pronouncing the "J" as in "jump" or "jovial" and not with a softer "zh" sound.
And I don’t know how to tell her!
On some synths, it can be made to shift using a trick called 'pulsewidth modulation' which produces a slow sweeping effect that adds interest to the sound.
Ray has enough to deal with when the voice tells him to “ease his pain”. He thought he meant the radical novelist turned social recluse, Terrance Mann (James Earl Jones). He tries to kidnap him to take him to a ball game where he didn’t have the opportunity to do when his father.
Manuscript word count: 23,000
2:40 The She Creatures
Primera Division Campeonato de Apertura 2012, third round
After I snapped a few photos Tbug was itchin to go back to riding so she jumped out of the pen and I crawled in. After all my hard work, I wanted in on this!
come from accepting and being present within our various states of incompleteness.
The dermatologist took one look at the mysterious spots and asked, “Did you happen to handle any limes while you were in Hawaii?”
Now, I am set to begin prioritizing and categorizing my genealogy activities (or some of them anyway) so I can start managing my time accordingly. What other genealogy time management tips have you found useful?
HOME OR THEATER: Definitely in the theater – the big stunts and big vistas deserve a big screen.
I am thankful for my Family,Church Family, Friends & my new blogging Buddies.
No more crying.
There is nothing else that makes me feel more masculine than being covered in car grease as I am right now. With the physical limitations on me at the moment I have a hard time going out and working on my own truck, but Danny only needed his positive cable changed out. Something he could have done all on his own, but he is a good boy and lets Dad come help him. He knows I miss working on cars and he knows I love the feel of car grease.
31 - The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.
Vena Cava - 90's? check. Black? Yes. Rose-tinted hues? YES. Three of my favorite things at the moment all together in one place!Jill Stuart - This color palette is simply amazing - the navy, mustards and oranges are definitely something I can see myself wearing. And I can't help but absolutely love the fox and owl (hello, I love owls!!) prints.Jenni Kayne - Jenni Kayne is a designer that I came to really love thanks to my internship at Glamour, her stuff is just so cute and wearable. I loved all the mini dresses in this collection and also the pops of bold hues.
As for a new stove, I'd love a gas cook top with an oven over there but, BUT,I'll keep it simple and go back with a combo unit like I got. BUT the new one will have electronic ignition and there for no pilot light! Saves on Propane use and cooler in the house huh?
Despite condemnations by numerous human rights groups of the Saudi-led invasion and subsequent violations, Washington has remained a staunch supporter of the Al Khalifa regime, with President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton describing it as a “key ally”. The US Navy Fifth Fleet is based in Bahrain.
I put together my favorite outfit from their selection, I liked the skirt together with the thick knit and the option to wear the jacket was kind of a no-brainer.. isn't it beautiful? To top it all of I added a Moxham necklace, my favorite.
Forecasting the use of temporary workers is not simple, certainly in a shaky economy working out how often temps are needed is difficult, as the market cannot be forecast accurately. Add to that temporary cover for sickness and parental leave and it is easy to understand how usage can quickly change.
Et pour finir, mon cadeau pour le Great Global Christmas Swap organisé par Fiona Marie est prêt à s'envoler pour la Nouvelle Zélande !
1 medium size onion, chopped
Time is a funny thing, isn't it? When I have one hour and fifteen minutes to get out the door in the morning those minutes go by so fast that I can't believe it. Yet, when I am working some over stimulating shift at the Bucket where I feel all out of sorts with the hoards of hungry travelers who want only to get into the restaurant and not look at all our "stuff". One hour and fifteen minutes goes by like molasses in January. I can hear every second tick by. Tick Tock Tick Tock.
Papaws on the other hand were men of wisdom. Having lived many more years on the earth, they knew how to do things and liked showing their grandchildren things. One was skilled at animal husbandry, caring for cattle, horses, cats, and could take wasps out of the house without killing them, letting them crawl on his finger without getting stung. The other was a mechanic, skillfully taking things apart, analyzing each part, and repairing, putting back together and bragging about how well things were made. The one would take us on walks to the pasture field, salt the cattle (by throwing salt on exposed rock “licks” and call the cattle to come partake), fix the fence, show us the creek, take us by the store for a “dope” and a piece of candy, and get us back in time for the ride home. The other would set up croquet in the back yard, show us how to play, keep us from going into the part of the basement where the secret “spirits” were kept, and fix our broken toys.
We flew out on the Saturday, stayed in a luxurious hotel/apartment, went to the show that night at the Lyric Theatre - the show was fantastic - absolutely loved it and then we spent the morning in Sydney - went to mass at the biggest Cathedral in Australia and then grabbed a bite to eat before we flew home again. I also have to add that Sydney turned on the beautiful weather while we were there too. It was so nice to see the harbour glistening away.
Youth and Beauty: Art from the American Twenties is a paid exhibition; as always members see it free!
This is a photo of Gabriel when he was a wee little lad. This image is from the first night I brought him home almost 8 years ago. Look at how cute he was. I fell in love with him immediately when I saw him as a cute little marshmallow ball beating up his siblings. He was so tiny & so cute. He grew up to be a big fluffy fellow and the bestest friend I could ever have asked for.
Saturday 21st April 2012
Pepper and cheese pinwheels
DAP has a habit of destroying people’s livlihoods or harrassing people about their property. Though racism and apartheid typify PERKASA, I am on Nor’s side here. It’s his private property and he’s just making a simple living you Gambier Threat, KOMTAR Lockdown, Beachboy harrassing, gas tank stealing, Condominium staircase trashing political party! Whats wrong with DAP? Even if someone was racist (wich DAP did not address so far), you cannot invade their property and destroy their livlihood. Take heart Nor, this news is already embarrassment in itself, your bid succeeded because most people detest such behaviour by political parties, regardless of race, and with the nepotism and limitless term issue, DAP is as bad a guy as PERKASA this day.
I had a great time at the party. All my mom friends overwhelmed me with compliments about how great I look. It felt good to be recognized for all the hard work. I've still got a ways to go in my brain catching up with my body but I'm working on it. One of my friends gave me a workout outfit that doesn't fit her (Thanks Jackie!). The top is too small for me but the shorts are great. And hopefully the top will fit eventually. I got home a bit after 10pm and pretty much went straight to bed.
First, as a result of the summer earthquake, the dedication was postponed from August until October. And, as soon as the monument was revealed to the public, criticism poured in. For me, the first problem was aesthetic: It was not that the image of Rev. King emerging from the rock was too gray, stern or forbidding, as some critics said. (That’s just philistinism.) Rather: the whole thing just seemed too cautious and tame. First, it just isn’t very well done. Second, and more important: Is there really a point to a conventional, representational portrait sculpture in an age in which the most powerful (and eventually popular) monuments: the Vietnam Memorial, the new 9-11 memorial site, and the Berlin Monument to the Murdered Jews of Europe draw upon a more modern language of abstraction? The King monument, its very real appeals notwithstanding, could fit perfectly well in a neo-Stalinist sculpture garden or political cemetery. (Philosopher Cornel West went even further, though in a very different direction, declaring that King would have wanted a “revolution,” not a monument.)
That's only ten pounds to loose. I guess if I can quit smoking for 8 months I can drop ten pounds in a month or two right? Ever since I can remember I have been obsessed about my weight. I know I am in a much better space than a lot of folks who are 50 or 100 pounds overweight. I should not complain. It is just hard for me to look down at where my stomach used to be and to see where it is now. I know one thing for sure, jeans with a 34" waist are never setting foot in my house and if I have any say in the matter I plan to put Fluffy outta its misery once and for all.
So, when I am being arrogant, I want someone to listen to me. I want someone to understand me. I want sympathy. I want someone to help me deal with an underlying issue or anxiety or fear. I am testing to identify someone who can assist me in handling my distress, for arrogance (AKA “righteousness“) is fundamentally an indicator signaling distress.
During this trial, I have concluded that the prosecutors made their case. I will vote to remove President Clinton from office not only because he is guilty of both articles of impeachment, but also because I believe the crimes committed here demonstrate that he is capable of lying routinely whenever it is convenient. He is not trustworthy. Simply to be near him in the White House has meant not only tragic heartache for his wife and his daughter but enormous legal bills for staff members and friends who admired him and yearned for his success but who have been caught up in his incessant `war room' strategies to maintain him in office. Senator Feinstein begins her censure resolution with the appropriate word `shameless.' The President should have simply resigned and spared his country the ordeal of this impeachment trial and its aftermath.
At some point around 2AM I started hyperventilating and thought, 'If I don't see some sign of life in the next minute, I will just pull over on the side (HA!) of the road and just start honking like a madwomen (not to be confused with Mad Men, they'd never be in this situation). And that's when I saw it:
ICE Chief in South Florida Charged in Child-Porn Case
No need to soak the pearls first which is another reason for easy peasy!
The winner of the challenge over at CAS-ual Fridays
Like any couple, we've had our ups and downs. We've been through good times and bad. But after more than 4 years together, I can honestly say I found not only a 'quality relationship' but a life partner.
The health effects include strengthening the body’s bone structure, toning the muscles, increasing cardiovascular circulation, and flushing the body’s lymphatic system of toxins. The movements can enhance the body’s blood circulation and metabolism. When practiced properly, Tai Chi Chuan can be an effective form of self-defense.
Now, on to the challenge for this week.
If I want to get all this done by June, I'd better shut up and go quilt!
Roses, however, might just work. They seem to do well in almost every planting zone and they actually like sunlight, which is a good thing around these parts. I've been doing a little researching about growing roses before I get started, in hopes that I might have gardening success!
Along with the hat, I knit up some quick matching baby mitts out of another fabulous children's knitting book, 60 Quick Baby Knits. This book has tons of great practical baby patterns all knit from Cascade 220 yarn.. the perfect worsted weight.
I wouldn't want a novel I was buying telling me how much pathos (between 1 and 5) I should expect for it, or how the book had the 'whiff' of a nice Dan Brown.
Had just stabbed him
I thought this book was extremely insightful, especially the section explaining why they feel practices like breastfeeding and co-sleeping mesh so well with the Catholic views of natural law and self-giving love. After reading this, I felt like I understood much better the reasons why those same practices felt so right for our family.
Coming back home and switching gears to preparations for Brian's hunt, (he wanted me to go also, but the boys won, keeping me at their disposal since I was just too tired to go camping) and for the big Birthday Celebration was just plain fun.
Whenever a tournament is about to begin and cricket forum begins to be a record in itself. Few matches have made this game was limited within the cricket new zealand australia but today the cricket new zealand australia 2005 is very different. The number of changes have taken place in upgrading rules and regulations formed, for playing the cricket new zealand australia to find out how their favorite team. There are few countries in sub continent that are recorded from these sources are accurate and give out information about their favorite cricketer in action on the cricket new zealand radio or information through the cricket new zealand australia for the cricket new zealand west of cricket player. Wallpaper gives a feeling of attachment to cricket lovers. These online games you need not worry. Cricket podcast downloading has also acted as a boon to cricket sites. Whatever the cricket new zealand australia or series.
The girls are bathed, watching TV right now. We ususally Skype with Daddy every night, but he told them he is busy with work, so he'll see them tomorrow. The girls are so excited and ready to go to bed because you know, they just can't wait the morning to come.
FIRST LADY
"In an attempt to make them more compliant, they have been quietly threatened with false charges by corrupt police officials.
It was kind of surreal.
My card share today was created with Melon Mambo, Pacific Point and White cardstocks. I used Pacific Point ink to stamp a random design on my white cardstock, then filled in the white background with one of the Itty Bitty backgrounds stamps (this set is now retired but forever lives upon my stamping desk!!! Its always one that I reach for, perfect for filling in those white spaces when needed!)
The present crisis has seen a lot of debate about mark-to-market accounting. Traders tend to favor mark-to-market, as do academics who mistrust banks' motives and accounting. Bankers and efficient market skeptics argue for more flexibility. The usual problem, of course, is that in a crisis prices can plummet for liquidity reasons, which can cause institutions to become insolvent on a mark-to-market basis, causing bankruptcies, liquidations, further price declines, and more insolvencies. Very few people are comfortable actually allowing this dynamic to play out, but it is a struggle to find a credible alternative accounting regime. For large institutions, like the banks that hold troubled mortgages, there's an even more fundamental problem with mark-t0-market accounting: it is circular and therefore not well-defined.
One day I will be on Jeopardy, one day Trebek. In the meantime, for all your trivia folks out there, you can play full rounds of the game at home for free thanks to the Jeopardy Archive. It’s a great trivia site.
We looked into adoption - but that is very very expensive. There was a foster to adopt program through CPS, but we don't qualify. Instead of being the parents we have always dreamed of, we will be the two old people on the front porch, drinking coffee, surrounded by our Chihuahuas.
Top game Mike!
See you there!!
Anyway enought of my rambling onto today's makes. I love making gift tags to go on presents so I thought I would share a couple I made a few weeks ago for presents.
Remove from the sous-vide and cool in the blast chiller to 2°C , before allowing it to rest for at least two days in the refrigerator.
FT.com reported on January 25, 2005 that "The World Health Organisation yesterday agreed a compromise resolution designed to allow countries to override patents in efforts to tackle a future flu pandemic while limiting the risk to intellectual property rights." This news follows from an earlier report from the SFGate.com that "A session of the 32-nation WHO executive board was bogged down on the issue of whether countries hit by an epidemic could override patents on anti-flu drugs, and the meeting was halted to let delegates call their governments for guidance."
Prarie Town(Acoustic Version)(w/Margo Timmins Of Cowboy junkies)
I put a little muffin case inside so at the end I don't have to do any washing up (yay)!
That’s where the Manchester Graduate Internship Programme (MGIP) comes in. This is a University organised scheme that finds placements for graduates within the Greater Manchester region. The placements are all paid (minimum £1000 per month), and last between 4 and 12 months. These are a brilliant way of gaining graduate level experience and getting a taste of the particular sector you think you might be interested in.
That is really all that needs to be said.
and the Atlas Mountains. It became a dream destination.
The two killers were Najib’s former bodyguards, bolstering the case for suspicion against the PM and his wife Rosmah Mansor. The first couple have denied involvement in the murder, while Baginda was controversially acquitted of abetting the two cops into shooting the allegedly pregnant Altantuya and then bombing her body with C4 military-grade explosives to prevent identification..
The funny thing is that the tech community have long delivered services in what *could* have been called cloud, but wasn’t. The evolution of computing, as characterised by high speed connectivity, massive scaling of computing power and cheap cheap storage combined with significant innovations in virtualisation and distributed computing (all of the above in terms of both costs and reliability). Add a weak economy and the related need to reduce the costs of sale and to reduce overhead in general and we have pretty much created a ‘perfect storm’, the nature of which we haven’t seen since the appearance of a systems architecture approach known as SOA (a topic for a future conversation).
I feel longhand writing really unleashes my creativity. It sure turns my normal moody muse into a caring and helpful creature. It also sets free my blocked and choked up brain cells. For a few days I have decided to carry around the page in which I have outlined the plot, so that I can fine tune the outline and add more to it.
It works way better for Billy to have maximum non-social space when he's in learning mode, but home schooling isolates us a bit in this regard. Even though we try to fit in a lot of playdates, there's nothing like that schoolyard for affirming, non-judgemental comparison. It's not like I definitively mark Billy's or my success and development against anyone else, but a bit of kid-focussed benchmarking is a great leveller.
gonna get under your skin
Nelson, a veteran of the U.S. armed services (Okinawa campaign), flag-waving ex-governor of Wisconsin (Sen. Joe McCarthy’s home state, but also the home of Aldo Leopold and birthplace of John Muir), was working to raise America’s consciousness and conscience about environmental issues.
Lexicographer Robert Burchfield summarises:
Level 19: Mastery: +65%, Weapon ATT: +19, Minimum Critical Damage: +10%.
It’s also noticeable that many of the people who come in to watch the football are never seen in the pub at any other time of the week. Pubs might be pleasantly surprised by the amount of business generated if they made a positive virtue of not having Sky rather than simply keeping quiet about it.
In this case of this frozen yogurt recipe, what you get is big, round lemon flavor, sweet and tart at the same time, underlined by the tang of plain yogurt. I like the idea of smashing it between two chewy ginger cookies and eating it that way, but like I said, all you really need is a teacup. The stripe of blueberry sauce is a very nice addition, although you could skip it, if you wanted one less dirty dish. But I wouldn’t.
I belong to the harsh cold winter of an aching truth –
-classic and pretty
Halperin’s insights are manifold in this rich section of the book. Here I list those that were most salient to me as I read. First, Warner points to and Halperin fleshes out how the insistence on “Gay Pride” can actually serve to deepen the shame gay men feel about their desires and practices, by re-relegating them to the closet in contra-distinction to an out-and-proud gay-maleness. Second, Halperin turns to a right-wing French writer, Marcel Jouhandeau, who extolled the virtues of social abjection and, in particular, humiliation at being different: Jouhandeau (and later, Genet) turn abjection on its head, into a kind of sacrilization of abjection. To tease this out, thirdly, Halperin explicates two scenes from Jean Genet’s opus, in which Genet depicts social abjection, humiliation, as a process and where the abjected, humiliated subject responds by resignifying the abjection as either a source of pleasure or as the signifying source of his difference. In Halperin’s interpretation, Genet’s narrators find freedom precisely by identifying with their abjection and embracing it, refusing its deleterious effects and instead creating for themselves a re-signifying and life-affirming defiance. The more they are humiliated, the more defiant and ecstatic the narrators become. Genet’s narrative insists that loving someone who is humiliated (socially abject) requires the loving of their abjection itself.
Also, it’s not too late to make the decision to join us! Did you even know there was such a thing as “Screen Free Week”? I didn’t until about 4 days ago. Take the challenge! Unplug!
1/4 cup parmesan, grated
I've picked up a couple of pretty little things over the past few weeks.
Jumping into the issues, while there are other things that are dealt with in the early paragraphs of the judgment, the nub of the dispute concerns the assessment of damages, and so it is to this issue that we turn.
1155. Bag of Pretzels @ Hwy Somewhere (NC to KY, USA) 1:30 p.m.
me- they're horrible. this is horrible. this is worse than the jon-ass brothers. there's not even a cute one.
It looks white in these pictures, but trust me when I say it's very blue. I'm a actually little worried that it will be *too* blue when it fully cures.... but I'll cross that bridge when I get to it.
Then he stops. "Now, you know you're getting Gepetto to end this. You're going to count, 'One, I will not procrastinate. Two, I will not procrastinate.' Got it?"
Also, I was nominated for some blog awards. I put the buttons for those along the right side of this blog. If your have the time or inclination, you can vote for my blog in any or all of the categories.
I may have pulled the plug on posting new music on this blog, but I'm not prepared to let this blog go the way of the dinosaur (jr) - I've put in far too much work to let that happen!
* Speaking of Heart of Wisdom, the website and ebooks have been a great source of inspiration and ah-ha moments for me recently. The Bible first approach at the core of it articulates so well what I was trying to figure out this year. I knew what I didn't want, and had a fair idea of what I did want, but the Heart of Wisdom Teaching Approach helped me fill in a few gaps in my understanding and simplify my (very complicated) picture of our ideal homeschool. The free guide to choosing and using resources renewed my confidence in my choices of what to read and not read with the children. I am adopting the HOW concept, but am not following Robin's 4 year plan or using the unit studies. What we are doing, I will write about more next year, as it's a work in progress. In the eyes of the kids, it will flow on well and look similar to this year, but in my head and on paper, it's somewhat tidier :)
This was a minor crisis, a mere adventure in the grand scheme of things. Even the children were unphased by the news that Mummy would be back a day later than expected. I showed up at work the next day in a snazzy LA souvenir T shirt, having been reminded that so much in our lives is beyond our control, and is instead in the hands of the randomness of chance. From now on though I will always carry cash, and have spare pair of knickers in my handbag.
The creativity is amazing. How about Vegan tortellini made with pineapple, banana, mango, scallions and pine nuts in a coconut alfredo? Tom loves mushrooms so he ordered "Hey Jude." The lyrics go "Don't Carry the World Upon Your Shoulders, our magical mushrooms are deglazed with onions & roasted garlic, in an herb'd cream sauce, lightly finished with a balsamic reduction & truffle oil over penne." This is definitely a Grammy award winning dish!
wearing coronas Mama has made.
Warden and Allen have developed an iPhone Tracker app that maps the location data stored in the iDevice. You can watch a video (below) to see a visualization of an iPhone owner’s trip from Washington D.C. to New York City and back.
Even when we have “plowed wickedness” and “reaped iniquity” (10:13), God does not stop loving us. Whatever our situation today, we can turn to the Lord and find forgiveness to make a new start. His love never fails!
Located in York County near the New Hampshire border, Biddeford (pop. 21,277) and Saco (pop. 18,477) were among Maine’s first industrial boom towns. The twin towns began a long legacy of cotton production in 1825, when Saco Manufacturing opened the largest textile mill in the country. Over the next quarter century, Saco and Biddeford both expanded cotton production and diversified into other industries and, in the process, was transformed into a leading manufacturing center for New England and beyond – a position it held well into the next century. As the industrial boom began its decline, mills closed, storefronts emptied and both towns fell into decline. Today, however, a major revitalization is underway, as massive brick mill buildings are being converted into office, studio and commercial spaces throughout the area. Saco is in the midst of a green revolution, including a new $2.2 million Amtrak station powered largely by wind and geothermal energy. And while downtown Biddeford may still be a little scruffy, it hopes to profit from a recent influx of artists and students from the nearby University of New England.
Seriously???!!!! Even though you actually acknowledged my requests (remember that Yup?) even though you had to STEP OVER THE GROCERIES in order to make dinner, it didn’t occur to you to put them away?
As an example, something I was talking to a fellow blogger about the other day comes to mind. Every year I am in a panic when it comes to certain vegetables whose seed I have yet to start saving on a regular basis...like onion seed. I often have a real dickens of a time getting my onion seed in a timely manner regardless of how soon I order it and the varieties of storage onions that grow well for us are very limited...there's like three of them. I have started ordering a couple years worth of the seed just in case but onion seed has a pretty short term viability of around 1-2 years after which the germination rate decreases significantly. So I feel the strong need to save my own and relieve myself of this yearly allium hysteria. We want to have seed and food sovereignty.
The semi-competence and, in a few cases, cowardice of the traditional media in covering the Iranian post-election turbulence, coupled with the riveting Twitter messages coming out of Iran, have led to lots of yapping about Twitter and "citizen journalism" as a replacement for traditional reporting.
Dates: Jun 11-Aug 17; Age/Grade Range: 1st-10th grades
1/2 teaspoon lemon juice
While Nets retirees like Darryl “Chocolate Thunder” Dawkins and Albert King were a draw for the kids (see King and Dawkins offer autographs at right and below), the only current Net to attend was rookie Sean Williams.
I get a bit fed up of politicians and journalists telling me that the NHS needs reform.
Winter = 1/2 Year
My left shoulder is also giving me occasional pain after a visit to an osteopath (not my own) who was going cheap in a Daily Telegraph offer. She poked and prodded the flat stretch between my left shoulder and neck, which was damaged when I was hit by a large truck while standing on the pavement in 1991 – or was it 1990?- I can’t be bothered to check – and it has been more painful since then.
You may or may not know that tonight is World Book Night, in which tons of books are given away free to stimulate reading. A good idea, I think, no matter how you look at it.
We had a great relationship one that I will always keep in my heart. She was, is, and will always be my first true love and maybe my only love because she’s still the only one I want, the only one I am willing to grow old with. We shared a bond and a fire that will never be duplicated or replaced. If she called me today or even ten years from now I know I would run to her wherever she may be.
40. Theodore Boone, Kid Lawyer John Grisham
My kingdom, safest when with one man mann'd,
“Why?” I asked, picking myself up off the floor of the boat and glaring at Em. “It’s not hard to see.”
I don't know how I could have felt musically fulfilled before we were "us."
I can't see to put on make~up, and didn't wear it when I could.
Fill it will helium, meanwhile, and perhaps it will even float on air...
8. For education to be preparation for successful life, affluent, fulfilled life, it has to be Vedic education. Children in this education will rule the world. Their territory will be Brahm–aham brahmasmi. The education of Vedic University will do justice to the total field of knowledge.
The truth is nothing of the sort, of course. The key fact that nobody seems to notice is that the study lasted for 40 years. 40 years? Shouldn't the men have died long before that? Once you ask that question, the truth begins to come out. The men recruited for the study ALREADY HAD tertiary syphilis. And in the tertiary stage the disease has usually been naturally "beaten" in some way. In other words, most such patients are no longer ill and live on rather as if they had never been infected. THAT intriguing fact was what sparked the study. It was an attempt to get more information about the life history of tertiary syphilitics. Richard Shweder has all the details.
The opposition of the loss of the livestock market has never been about nimbyism, people in and around Abergavenny have never been opposed to balanced well thought out development, merely the lack of it. The potentially profound implications of the redevelopment of Abergavenny and the livestock market is one of those cases where there was (and still is) a pressing need for the proposed development to be called in by the Welsh Government and its Ministers.
Like StayFocusd, LeechBlock allows you to specify which days and at what time you would like to limit your time-wasting sites. LeechBlock also lets you set a time limit for how long you can surf your blocked sites before they are blocked for the day.
R2-50- ch1, turn, sc in each
A year ago, when I first learned about the Empulse, I was ready to buy it. Since then, a lot of things have happened to delay the final production. For months, folks on the BrammoForum have been clamoring for any scrap of information, but to no avail. The policy at Brammo appeared to be to not say anything about the bike while it was under development.
But I hope you all are having a fantastic day.
Unfortunately there were no bites at all! No doubt the swimmers in the area had scared away the fish. The only thing caught that afternoon was a tree branch on the opposite riverbank - when HB had been a bit too enthusiastic during his casting-out lesson!
PLUSES - A simple front design which has sort of a minimalist appeal. I really like this card back. It is arguably the best of the "overproduction era." Team colors were stuck to much better than previous years.
"Nikka From the Barrel. 51.4 per cent alcohol.
"You have the tendency to go over the top, K so the equal-equal part is important for you to remember," E admonished. "Cuddling is ok, but do not over do. And always remember, it's a fake relationship."
The Chinese Grand Prix proved to be another thriller, with wheel to wheel racing, right up to the final lap. Formula 1's stop in Shanghai, wraps up the first Asia leg of the 2012 season, as the teams head to Bahrain this week
Charlotte Ransome is outside with her intended, but she doesn’t want to marry him, having found out that he’s only after her fortune. She breaks up with him, sending him away amidst threats, and then agrees to marry Ned Cochran. But they barely seal their agreement with a kiss when they are set upon by strangers and Ned is left bleeding and helpless on the lawn while Charlotte is spirited away.
Well, 4 out of 6 items isn't bad, and I will definitely be making the pencil skirt later in the year and starting the cardigan fairly soon. Planning my projects made sure that I used some fabric and patterns from my stash, which I was pleased about, and already I can see that some items are getting more wear than others - my denim Crescent is a firm favourite.
Excellent research and detailed accounting of his childhood – one of the first books to really focus on this area – details several controversial subjects in a non-exploitative manner – you got a real sense of the time period and people Elvis came from and a real sense of Gladys as a person
a perfect ritual they have devised.
MightyMO, the girls and I watched the movie Courageous this weekend. The movie was excellent, and very emotional. Since I am the queen of cry, I cried. A LOT. Cinematically, there were a few scenes that weren't as "professional" as most modern day feature films. Mainly, I thought a few of the actors were kind of stiff. Nothing major, though. It wasn't like going to an elementary school play or anything.
Of course, I eventually learnt that this was not How Publishing Really Works. Or even writing. I scribbled away as a young person, mainly pony stories, in brown covered Woolworth’s exercise books, narrow-feint (lines close together, in case you didn’t know). Then I grew up, realised that writing was not what I could do as a living and embarked on a varied, if not variegated, career, encompassing modelling, acting, DJ-ing, being a cabin crew member with BA and, after marriage, a personnel consultant (Brook Street Bureau) and lowly minion at The Observer.
In my grumpy state I basically wrote today off, fitness wise, and proceeded to have a nap while watching HGTV with Scout on the couch. When I woke up the sky was clearing and the sun was peaking through the clouds. Ok, maybe today isn’t so bad after all. I did some chores around the house, and now the sun is out, the air is the perfect run temperature, and I’m dressed and ready to go. Oh I’m also going to a different community pool tonight, where they have more lanes, and I doubt many people will be just floating in the pool at 9 pm. Let’s hope so, anyway.
In the letter, Gadahn offers suggestions on how to communicate with western media, including the idea of offering a handful of journalists a chance to interview high-ranking al-Qaida members, including bin Laden, for the attack anniversary. Gadahn also chastises Western media for not challenging U.S. officials and condemning the jihadist movement.
So, here I am on friday evening after a tough, busy, tiring week, and all I wanted to do was drive to the lot and water my tomatoes and pick some veg for tea. So, I kicked off my work shoes into the shed, slipped my wellies on and wandered around my plot seeing what was ready for picking. Plenty of courgettes, gorgeous french beans, spinach, some raspberries eaten as I picked them, a bunch of sweet peas to bob in a jam jar on my kitchen windowsill...
Sadly, it was at the O2, great idea for a venue but sadly lacking in atmosphere, you wander from a nice indoor street to a concrete waiting pen. By the time we got in, we did feel that instead of being wristbanded they could have cut the middle out and just tagged us though the ear. Also the music venue is sponsered by Stella 4% so no concert beer for me, not a problem but the Cidre which was also being served was unbelieveably chemically smelling that you knew if the person next to you had been drinking it. <U+FEFF>
The show was not animated in high definition, despite airing in 2009. This becomes incredibly apparent when you view the screencaps of this upscale. Q-tec’s new technology, F.O.C.U.S. did what it could, but they went from the DVD masters, which didn’t have the best quality. It’s not the worst upscale I’ve seen, but it’s certainly not one you’ll want to show screencaptures of. I’ve included 16 screencaptures from the first few episodes and the OP/ED for reference. It does look much better in motion though.
Mum used to put the rugs over the washing line in the back garden and beat them with a carpet beater. I can still smell the dust that used to billow out of them. I always wanted to help so when she finished she put the small rug from the kitchen onto the line and left me with the carpet beater.
One of these would make a great mother's day gift for yourself or someone else. If you don't want to make your own, you can also purchase a pair in my shop.
Putting my finger on any other bands that these guys might be similar to was pretty difficult. Based on the down-tuned riffing and chest imploding production job my initial thought was that they sound like a more punk version of France's Celeste. That's definitely a compliment because it's no easy feat to be as heavy as a band like Celeste, nor is it an easy feat to write hardcore punk songs that aren't regurgitated dogshit these days.
"Hey! Sarge or Lieutenant or Captain or whoever you are...."
Melody Ballroom
As a final note and for what it’s worth I think Patrick Renna is genius as Hamilton “Ham” Porter and he takes out the award for best on screen performance, so for those interested I thought this little scene might help to get ya off the couch and get The Sandlot into your dvd collection.
One day, he and I were having a bit of a back-and-forth, calling each other a goo-gone, when suddenly my four year old whips out this little beauty.
In recent events, the American retailers have been tredding softly due to the downturn in the economy. They have become less risky, more cautious and saving for better times ahead. We, as Canadians, have realized that this is the right time to strike the American retail market.
I put my phone down
1:22: Sex? Important! Muscles? Important! Maintaining bone health? Ehh, that’s cool, I guess.
Thank you to all who find the time to follow, read and comment on my blog.
“We think that’s so important because every student, regardless of what they do after high school, they’ll be learning online,” said Tom Vander Ark, a prominent online education advocate, on a recently distributed video urging the adoption of online course requirements. Vander Ark, a former executive director of education at the influential Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, now lobbies all over the country for the online course requirement. Like Moe, he keeps one foot in the philanthropic world and another in business. He sits on the board of advisors of Democrats for Education Reform and is partner to an education-tech venture capital company, Learn Capital. Learn Capital counts AdvancePath Academics, which offers online coursework for students at risk of dropping out, as part of its investment portfolio. When Vander Ark touts online course requirements, it is difficult to discern whether he is selling a product that could benefit his investments or genuinely believes in the virtue of the idea.
And very treasured.
Forcefully removed
6. Remember that you are under God’s command; and to deny marital love to your wives, is to deny a duty which God has urgently imposed on you. Obedience therefore should command your love.
Under the Terrorism Act, the police are allowed to question suspects for a maximum of seven days.
But God thinks you’re a 10. Honest. For three reasons.
2-3 TB of pure water
PCHR submitted a criminal complaint to the Israeli authorities on behalf of Mahmoud Mattar on 30 December 2009. To-date, no response has been received.
Snack: protein bar and grande skinny latte (1 la lite, 1 dairy)
The entire alternative, renewable, and green energy scam is based on “science” that is utterly false, beginning with the claim that CO2 has any effect on the climate and that emissions must be reduced.
I just love a good re-idea. Little stacks in saltine cracker packs. I'm pretty sure I have finished off an entire sleeve of the old design in the past, but I shouldn't have. I had been craving these and was happy to see they are now in these easy to manage packs and with sea salt. I bought them from CVS today like a granny.
I don't enjoy the exhausting job that is preparing two kids to leave the house, and attempting to keep them happy for the whole outing.
How To Wear Red Lipstick
8The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is.
Saturday: Group 3 & Group 4 extra work, no team WOD.
“K” – Alright already.
On a one photo a day basis regularly I broke my own rules. I wanted to show you three of the many photos that I took of these beauties. I did have to search to find the name of the butterfly and the nice thing about blogs is that you can go back and edit them.
Well ... 6 am and roaches apparently make me go a bit crazy ...
Nat Geo Australia New Zealand 04/26/2011 20:30
39. Freaks
Girl1 is a top girl. She actually gives much worse than she ever gets from the guys, especially at table talk.
, said co-pastor Tai Amri Wilson, at First Christian Church Oakland. it is a parish made up of elderly African Americans, young people from the LGBT community, Quakers and Buddhists, social justice activists.
Sadly, it's not all roses around here, as he is swiftly moving into the real Terrible Twos and repeating the same bad behavior over and over again. He favorite bêtise is throwing toys out the windows of our first floor (second for Americans) apartment. Since all the windows are door-sized (with a tall grill so no bodies fall out, thank you) it's really easy for him and he thinks it's hilarious, no matter how many times we punish him. One of these days it will sink in, I hope!
Well, where do we start; our history? We’ve been around since 1983 selling and servicing small to medium sized businesses in northern Illinois and southern Wisconsin.
Paper: SU black, grey, perfect plumb, DP-SU
Leftfield & Halliday Original UK
she's had hit singles inspired by oddball mystics like
E's learning support teacher emailed me today about scheduling his IEP meeting. She also said that she noticed E had glasses today and she wondered if they were new. Apparently he took an old pair of mine from my desk drawer. He told me that they helped him to see the whiteboard better and to concentrate better. So I guess I'd better get his eyes checked, lol.
Elegant across infinite space,
Marisa
First attacked Ann Romney,and now they Attack Both Ann and Mitt Romney for saying not have an enough life experience…Well what experience are they lacking?
On a subject other than art, Ben and I take Owen to the Child Development Centre every week, and on one visit they gave us some songs and activities that could help him (and Angus) develop the baby things that they need to develop.
I’m sure many of you will have been in the position where you order a pint in an unfamiliar pub, and it comes out just borderline hazy, with a thin, scummy head, and a glass that is warm to the touch, and you just know before a drop passes your lips that it’s going to be crap. Clarity doesn’t guarantee a good pint, but for the general run of British ales, a lack of it is a sure sign of a poor one.
"Are you sure you're okay?"
and really hope you like them as much as I do!
On top of that, we had to rush the dog to the vets on Monday. Noticed her licking her butt. On closer examination, there an extra hole back there. After an afternoon at the vets. She had to be sedated in order for them to examine it. We took her home drowsie on morphine. What a sad looking girl she was. We got her home and she wobbled her way downstairs rather quickly to her crate, and crashed. Well what a treat trying to put the cone on her. She wanted nothing to do with that. I'd put it on, she'd claw it off. This went on several times. I finally decided it was too big and cut it down. Well I cut too much off. So back to the vets this morning to buy another. This time I measured to make sure. She's having a hard time navigating the house, the cone ketches on doorways and walls, stopping her up fast. Hopefully she'll heal fast. By the way, she has a ruptured anal gland.
Mother 1+2
On Friday, Mohammed Liaqat, 28, and Abid Saddique, 27, were jailed at Nottingham Crown Court for raping and sexually abusing girls aged 12-18. The judge in the case maintained that the race of the victims and their abusers was "coincidental".
So, the Twitterverse (and the comments page for said article) is furiously rebuffing the Globe and Mail this morning (also affectionately known now as ‘Globe and Fail’ and ‘Old and Male’), after their editorial team endorsed Stephen Harper for the 41st Federal Election in Canada. No matter what party you support – hell, even if you are a Con lover – this editorial is an embarrassment to journalism. Why’s that, you ask?
A computerized system for distributing spending vehicles comprising:
“What if building the RIGHT church depends on using all the WRONG people? This is a question that is found on the back cover the new book, A Radical Idea, by pastor and bestselling author David Platt. But first a few words about Pastor Platt. He is an incredibly gifted expositor/preacher of the Word. I have heard him preach by visiting his church website and watching the videos of his messages. Right now I am listening to his series on Matthew and it is powerfully convincing of just who the person of Jesus Christ and it is also very convicting in that the Holy Spirit uses the messages to speak to my heart and to my relationship with Jesus Christ. And when it comes to radical he is to be numbered among the few and far between in our world who can be defined by the word “radical” because that he is…but in a very good and godly way. It’s like the saying, “You just have to be there,” to understand. Well, you just have to read his books Radical and the Radical Experiment as well as listen to him preach to fully understand what I mean by my referring to him as “radical.” And we as believers should all be so “radical” in our faith.
The Point Ephemère alongside the Canal Saint Martin is celebrating its 5th birthday this month, but the birthday party is this Friday night. If you have never been before, this is the moment to check out this unusual and unusually well-situated venue which operates as a bar, restaurant, concert hall, night-club and rehearsal space. If you have been before, now is the time to go again. If you go regularly, you won’t need reminding!
Is it justified when the IPL authorities snubbed Pakistan players for the diplomatic relations between the two countries not being on good terms? Hence, one always says, Sports and Politics should never be married with one another. Leave sports alone, as it has the power bring nations to peace. At the end of the day, it is the fans of the game that are at loss for such quality players, who could have made the IPL even more exciting.
I just put stickers on the front of canning jars filled with candy corn. I have electric tea lights from the dollar store inside but I forgot to light them for the picture! Whoops!
Reportedly, the girl is part of a girl group that will soon debut through F.T. Island’s label, FNC Music. FNC Music commented that she’s trained in singing, dancing, and acting, and that she’s been getting a lot of casting calls from the entertainment business after the MV teaser was released.
Sam tucked her hands under her armpits. No way was she giving anyone any of her soul, no matter what they said about it being replenished.
here's how STOUT FEST works:
Now obviously I do not expect David Cameron to suddenly endorse the EDL. Nor do I expect immediate progress in tackling Islamic extremism. But I do dare to hope that he can start laying the foundations for one of the most important debates that lies ahead.
by Susanna Reich (Author) and Amy Bates (Illustrator)
Paper: Glorious Green, Close To Cocoa, Whisper White
In the interview, Abdul Aziz had said that the existing electoral roll is clean and “no country in the world has a cleaner one than ours”.
A boss who suspected a worker of theft decided to make an example of him - and throw political correctness out of the window at the same time.
Thanks to The Pioneer Woman for putting this recipe together. I hope you all love the healthy adapted version I came up with. I certainly loved it!
And I relocate on boughs of hope,
Not to be overlooked is how Americans react to the prospect of our presidential lineage going Bush Sr., Clinton, Bush Jr, Clinton II. My suspicion is: not favorably. (Thank God Jeb's not running in this election cycle or the country's collective head might just implode at the horror created by a Bush v. Clinton campaign.)
Leesha: "Hey, why do you get another dessert?"
In the construction of the scale it was assumed that the important thing was not to ascertain whether, on mature reflection, the person believed that there was such a thing as absolute right and wrong, but rather to ascertain on what he based his decision when confronted with a demand for decision. The scale itself therefore was designed to take no sides in the philosophical debate over whether discoverable right and wrong exists. It merely considers responding in terms of what is believed to be right and responding in terms of one's own self-interest as possible alternative bases for decision. Presumably the person who had devoted some thought to the philosophical questions involved and concluded that there was no such thing as right and wrong would always use self-interest (enlightened?) as his decision basis. For him one of the alternatives would be excluded a priori. It is assumed however that for most people the choice between doing what is right and doing what is in one's own interest was a real one. Administration instructions for the scale included the assurance to the subjects that they could use 'their own definition' of what is right. Throughout, however, the interest was not in what it was that they thought to be right but rather in the relevance this had for their policy decisions. This is to some extent the opposite of the immediate concern in most attitude scales.
It was the first project I made from the book but I can see it's going to be a favourite for baby gifts. A lot of the projects are on the 'weird-cute' side and I was slightly worried that the result might be 'Frankenstein's Cat', but I think he's turned out well. It's also quicker than knitting a toy from scratch.
Rowland was arrested and the white mob that came to the jail looking for their own brand of justice, commonly referred to as lynching, were met by an armed group of Blacks, preparing to defend Rowland. One of the white men tried to disarm one of the Black men and the gun discharged, setting off mass confusion and an all-out race war, complete with burning and looting.
my London book) , Nich was given the 'This is Paris' which is in the same series.
Something for us to ponder. It’s been running through my mind lately, and I thought I’d share it.
There's always a story...so here's the story behind the name....My mom was a part of a Mothers of Multiples group in Texas! The name of the group was 2 is Beautiful. We actually went to Kindergarten with another set of twins and 1 set of Triplets! How cool is that! I guess it was something in that BIG Texas water tower!? lol! After we left Texas the group slowly disbanned as we all grew up and apart.I don't think we have any of the original t-shirts left that my mom had printed - but pretty soon I will offer them in my Etsy shop!
To buy what I like, instead of what I think I should buy for a certain spot.
On-Page search engine optimization (SEO) is certainly an important part of the website building process. If you want to show up on the first page of any search engine’s search results, on-page SEO is a must. Logical Mix outlines the 3 most crucial elements needed to improve your on-page search engine optimization.
she has way too much going on
Let me thank you in advance, and please know I'm going to read each and every one of your comments (and I hope there's at least one), and I'll try the ones that might work for my jolly sleep loving personality!
Can voters see the holes in the rhetoric ?
We’d certainly recommend that other groups like ours get involved in any future projects and activities like this.
This weeks theme at The ABC Challenge is N for Neutral colors, how fun is that? I chose this absolutely adorable Elisabeth Bell image called Picked Sweet. I just totally fell in love with her when Whimsy Stamps came out with their most recent release. I colored her in using Copic markers. The flowers are by Wild Orchid Crafts. I distressed the paper, inked the edges using Vintage Photo distress ink and highlighted with Golden Rod Stickles. The flower and bird charm were a gift from a friend.
The 1Kg Horlicks was packed in an attractive premium glass jug. The jug decorated with a floral pattern, and had a plastic handle. The lid was embossed with a big logo.
and he had difficulties to stand upright
Two and three dimensional work in all media will be considered. If work exceeds 6 feet in any direction, or weighs more than 50 pounds, artists should contact the Museum to confirm whether or not it can be accommodated in the galleries. Artists who need to install or assemble multi-part entries should also call ahead to see if space is available.
For years now the short story has been in major decline in Britain, to the point where it's almost dead, and I began this blog lamenting this fact. It's years since the fact that short stories don't sell became established publishing wisdom and many British writers - including me, originally a short-story writer - were forced away from short-story writing into other forms. It's years since, squeezed by market forces, the British print literary magazines, the last great haven of the short story, more or less disappeared (online magazines having yet to achieve the same kind of reputation with the literary establishment). (As I've written before, I've had my own attempt to combat this last decline, but found the battle so hard it left me no time to write.)
New Hampshire – Murder is Binding by Lorna Barrett
A Google spokeswoman told the Telegraph: “We view our search results as a reflection of the content on the web. We do not remove content from our search results, except in very limited cases such as child porn and other illegal content.
13And when the dragon saw that he was cast unto the earth, he persecuted the woman which brought forth the man child.
2 tablespoons sesame oil
I don't really have a favorite place. Sometimes my bed, on a cold day or the lawn chairs that over look Moonstone Beach in Cambria, CA at the Cambria Shores Inn. They serve goodies throughout the day for their guests and you can watch the Pacific Ocean with a cup of tea and a warm cookie.
So glad you stopped by on this beautiful Fall day!
3. Whisk together the egg, milk, and pepper, then pour over the veggies. Top with a sprinkling of Pecorino. Bake in the oven until the frittata is cooked through, about 10-12 minutes.
Jesus, so that we had but to act out ourselves to act out perfect holiness.
Merry Christmas, From Texas!
Holly and I really scamped it up and had a great time.
they have invited him to dinner, brought him homemade bread, hot soup,
Well, home again! It’s been a great week, but I’m glad to be out from under the skyscrapers and back under the stars. I’m pretty certain now that I could never be a full-time city girl…
On Friday, I brought out one of my halters as per my plan, just to let her check it out and see what her reaction was going to be to it. She was largely unfussed until I moved it towards her face for her to see - then she reacted violently and shot backwards as hard and fast as she could. She of course had her other halter on, and was connected to me by her leadrope, so she didn't go far, but it was an interesting reaction. She could not have reacted more violently had I stuck a cattle prod up her nose. This isn't her just being unsure of the halter... this is her having a triggered memory and responding accordingly. Following this, she did let me rub on her face with my hand without fuss, so it will be interesting to see how this develops. I'm thinking a bit of clicker training would do her some good!
This is not a bad set of consolation activities at all, but I do still want to hear from Drummer. I'd hate to think he faded. and after I wrote an email that picked up on his warmth and said I was sending some back to him. But I do know that I didn't do anything wrong--no pressure, criticism, games, etc.--so if he's going to pull back, there must be something up with him, and better to know now than once I'm really hooked, right? Still, I hope everything's okay with him and his family, and that I hear from him soon.
Sunday, the venue that I have been eyeing for our reception was having an open house. So I decided to wait to do any tours until then, since it will be set up all fancy and what not for the open house. Well, unfortunately Alex couldn't come with us because he was working a 24 hour shift so I went with my parents. The venue was very nice and extremely accommodating. This was the first time my mom has a realization that her little girl is getting married. She said she had chills the whole time! Hahaha!
Whole Wheat*
Dear baby girl, while I enjoy watching you grow day by day, please slow down, if only for a little while. I love those baby giggles, and those baby smiles. I'd like to hold on to them, if even just for a little bit longer. You and your brother bring me such joy, I'm so glad you picked me for your mama.
Here’s another crock of fresh bullshit delivered by the right wing of the Republican Party (which has become, so far as I can see, the only wing of the Republican Party): the richer rich people get, the more jobs they create. Really? I have a total payroll of about 60 people, most of them working for the two radio stations I own in Bangor, Maine. If I hit the movie jackpot—as I have, from time to time—and own a piece of a film that grosses $200 million, what am I going to do with it? Buy another radio station? I don’t think so, since I’m losing my shirt on the ones I own already. But suppose I did, and hired on an additional dozen folks. Good for them. Whoopee-ding for the rest of the economy.
But in the words of headliner Blake Shelton
08/12/2010 SELL 0.01 xauusd 1215.2
"Uh" long pause "did you forget to wash your make up off last night?" another pause "You look like you got punched in the face and have 2 black eyes." This is my birthday greeting from my oh so wonderful husband.
Another project we’re excited to tell you about has been brewing cross-continent since the American Society of Anaesthesiologists conference in Chicago last year. When the Department of Anesthesiology at the University of Florida presented a (giant!) cheque for $33,700 for Lifebox, we took a gameshow-style photo and then got down to business.
Unfortunately, trying to teach yourself how to do a back handspring at the age of 10 is quite difficult when you do not have someone there to properly spot you and teach you the progressions. So, I never was able to perform one.
The first step is to order yourself a good serving of Vodka (this in itself is hard, the vodka menu is the size of a tome and makes your eyes glaze before the first drop even hits your lips). The honey-infused variety is a favourite, as well as ‘The Chosen One’ and ‘goldwasser’. Slip it down quickly and get yourself a cocktail – a simple Moscow Mule will tide you through to the main courses without worry.
Yes! Kellie had Carli (shown below), Nicole had twin girls, and a TON of my friends are pregnant (two with twins!). And Erin gave birth to Tommy on the stairs in her house, which I'm mentioning because if you haven't read about it before, you really should now, it's hilarious and amazing! And I can't believe I live 3000 miles away from this baby, isn't she adorable? Miss you, Kel, and I can't wait to meet Carli!
2. Creation of uniform Web address system of all the Railway Websites
The titles for episode for 10 and 11 are confirmed as official titles and episode 12 is yet TBC.
But a security analyst said the latest move was “tantamount to encouraging the militants to have a real go at the convoys”.
Mark said, “Would you like to meet Paul McCartney?” I said, “Sure,” knowing that this was an impossible task for a guy who is not in the music industry and a difficult one even for those who are connected. He called me a month later to tell me that he was working on it and had a plan. He had gotten in touch with Paul’s pilot, whom he knew from Pittsburgh, and was trying to make it happen.
There’s a penthouse in Mexico that’s got a lot of people talking. Not because of the big living room, or the awesome view from the patio. It’s the view from the restroom that’s making headlines.
April 15, 2012 © EU and US all rights reserved. Permission to use this report in its entirety is granted under the condition it is linked back to its original source at WhatDoesItMean.Com. Freebase content licensed under CC-BY and GFDL.
Amount Requested $35,000
Harry had a hard day at the office and needed to unwind with a kiddie cocktail. He was horrified, by the way, when he discovered this drink was made with 7-Up. "Soda?" he sputtered wiping his tongue. "Do you want me to get cavities?" He totally judged us for ordering it. (Jack abandoned his after scrubbing the inside of his mouth with a napkin because it was spicy)
Once they arrived to the condo community in which we live I gave them a quick tour of the rental condo I was having them stay in for the weekend and we got on our way to Notre Dame Stadium for the game. We arrived to campus to see nothing less then a long line of cars attempting to get piled into the fast filling parking lots on campus. We were able to find two parking spots close to each other in one of the North lots so that we could stay close to each other to help with directions. After some walking and quick site seeing of the campus we headed into the stadium to get our seats. With a normal football game you are assigned a specific seating location with your ticket, but with the Blue & Gold Spring game all tickets are general seating admission excluding the VIP tags which are seated in the club seats closest to the field on the 50 yard line. Once we got seated and did the National Anthem we got food orders from everyone before the game started. Laochra, Frisuer, and myself all headed down to the concessions, which were only available on the main level of the stadium, to get burgers and such for everyone. While in line at the concessions I noticed Laochra wiped her hair only to smear what appeared to be a fly by bombing from an overhead bird. Yes, a bird took a crap on Laochra’s head. Most birds look for a shiny clean car but in this case the bird wanted to make a hit and run bombing on an unsuspecting person below. As everyone can imagine I immediately started laughing hysterically which only further enraged Laochra about the situation. Now at this point Frisuer took notice to me laughing and Laochra stomping away in search of a bathroom. Frisuer then asked “what is so funny?”, I then replied “A bird just took a shit on Laochra’s head”. Now that Frisuer had been fully filled in on why I was gasping for air from laughter she also began to laugh hysterically about the fly by crapping. When Laochra returned from the bathroom Frisuer and myself tried our hardest not to laugh, but it was just way too funny. We did eventually order our food and head back to our seats while watching overhead in case the birds wanted to make a second bombing run on Laochra.
My little first graders are so sweet. See, my friend Andrea ... who just so happens to also be my classroom instructional assistant ... is expecting her first child soon. A little boy, to be exact. And guess what our incredibly amazing little firsties did? They asked me if we could throw her a baby shower! How adorably sweet is that?? Of course I said yes. How could I not?
I happened to visit my neglected blogger account the other day to check out what I've been missing on blogs I follow and was shocked to discover I now have 8 followers! Thank you each for the honor and making me smile. Since your kind enough to follow my blog, it would be nice if I'd post a little something, eh?
I am punishing myself for falling off the wagon by signing up for a gym membership and making the athletic chick from work pinky swear that we will go at least two days a week on our lunch hour. Damn it that serves me right for almost eating an entire package of oatmeal chocolate chip cookies in three days. We will have our membership cards by the end of the week, I’ll buy my spandex and we’ll be on our way.
- L'Oreal shave/ skin care: 25% off
Last week after all that chat about the fruit trees a lunch in town was just what was needed...the blackboard menu was enticing and I (talking does make you incredibly hungry...) started with the chestnut soup, le velouté de chataignes, foie gras poelé...resisting the foie gras (the quickest way to gain weight and increase heart palpitations.. as delicious as it can be) and followed with le supreme du volaille, risotto aux morilles ...scrumptious roasted chicken and creamy mushroom risotto (not exactly good for the waistline either...but.....). The lunch was as good as it sounds.
“Assad’s troops have heavy weaponry — tanks, artillery — but we are short of weapons. We have nothing to fight with. Assad isn’t quitting because of the strength of his weaponry.”
06. Trouble 4:46
“One minute commute to the Mt. Lehman interchange.”
My ergo was on stationary as I am still alternating ergo session between sliders and stationary. Josh did is on sliders and reminded us again why he is the human horse. The session was 6 x 10min with lactate to be kept below 4mml. Here's my ergo screen...
if you have any advice or input, please comment!!!
Then out loud I turned to Jen and said 'See this is the thing that everyone ALWAYS talks about when it comes to The Kid. He just can't march the team down the field in two minutes for the win. That takes something...special. Brady can do it. Manning can do it. Warner. Favre. Marino. Brees. All the greats. And you KNOW Ben can do it. It takes something...extraordinary. Something you can't record or quantify. Does Flacco actually have it in him? Does he have what it takes?'
What is so fun about CQ (crazy quilting) is that it is no holds bared.
Anger? I do not understand it. I am glad it is beyond my comprehension, because it means that someone is so deeply entrenched in their sins, that they have chosen evil so many times that they have grown to love it. I cannot say they are happy in their ways; that is contrary to eternal truth. But they are addicted to the satisfaction of it, the thrill, the adrenaline rush perhaps. They choose to remain lost and rebellious.
PS: The last prompt for the the April Heights - 2012. Had a great time with all of you guys...thanks Leo for the opportunity and thank you everyone for your encouragement and support. Hope to see you in touch in future too... :)
March 4 2011 - The Independent Complaints Directorate has opened an investigation into the violence-driven police raid against the hapless patrons of the 24-hour Catz Pyjamas Bistro in Melville in late February. Various cops were suspended pending the investigation after 'shocked senior police officers' had viewed a video-recording of the attack. All victims and witnesses were asked to contact investigating officer Chris De Jager on 011220 1500 or 082 325 6463.
In the nineteenth century the area was a hive of activity and other long-lost pubs such as the British Oak, the Hulme Street Tavern, the Premier Arms, the Standard Arms, the Middleton Arms and the Union Arms all stood within about 100 yards of the Spread Eagle. That a teetotal working men’s club in the area lasted only a few years during the 1860s should come as no surprise.
Now to the physics. Newton’s Third law tells us that every force comes with a reaction force (which has the same size as the original force but acts in the opposite direction). When you’re sitting on a chair, for example, you are pushing the chair downwards and in turn the chair is pushing you back up, allowing you to (hopefully) sit comfortably without falling down. If you drop a stone into water, similarly the stone pushes down on the water and the water pushes the stone back up (or in other words, gives a “lift” to the stone). However, there is another force—gravity, that’s trying to pull the stone right down. If the lift trying to push the stone up is not as strong as the force of gravity pulling the stone down, the stone—you guessed it—falls down.
Why do I love back lit scenes so? They intrigue me for some reason but are a bear to paint. I kept going over the dogs, trying to get some detail even though I couldn't see much from my original photo.
Save the date for the Holly Jolly!
Delectables is an exquisite, guilt-free chocolate. Delectables are not only decadent, they're also infused with flavonoid antioxidants—providing nutrition in a delightfully silky chocolate indulgence.
It doesn't look terrible but you know how it is when you want a certain look.
Thanks for the prayers and well wishes. Today was a good day. I'm slowly adjusting to diabetes, though my mom freaks out about everything. She has been baking me especial biscuits
Things got heavy in the middle of the hill, taking down the Destroyer with my Man-o-War unit and my own jack, the Marksman doing nothing but some pop shots at Sorscha. After that, with her Jug on range of the fight, I simply sent my Destroyer to kill her which he did in one swift stroke aided by the Butcher’s spell but still not popping the feat. She’s squishy like that.
I know it isn’t far away
But people are stubborn, with all rights to be,
Tomatillos: $1.99/lb, 6 tomatillos weighed 7 oz =$.87
A galaxy of left-hand scrawl and crossed-out words
For this week's 6th and final Aveeno Beautiful Change Challenge, my task is to find ways to make small changes in my neighborhood.
Everything was exquisite, the flavours were delicate and enticing with the spices dancing over your taste buds and never being overpowering – exactly like good Indian food should be. I had never been there before, but it was obvious that Benares was a rather superior Indian restaurant.
Given the events of late 2001 it wouldn’t matter. Mid-August she’d said “goodbye” to her father, the last time they’d spoken, then just days later she’d heard the news on the radio driving back from the recycling tip. The first plane… the second… the pictures on TV when she got back to her mother’s and they turned on the news.
I did blog about that! Or maybe I wrote it in my book. I can't remember. Anyway, I wrote somewhere about how Clay super-glued Brooklyn's hands together before she was even 1-year-old. That was awful.
I think
that comprehensive measures to regulate China's rare earth industry, including production caps, export quota cuts and stricter
140g/5oz plain or dark chocolate
About 45-minutes from where I live, a beautiful old juvenile rehabilitation center stands tall against the background of the rolling California foothills. Built in the 1880's to usher in a new age of helping boys who have taken the wrong path to become upright members of society, Preston Castle – also known by its actual name, the Preston School of Industry – is an amazing specimen of roman revival architecture that you can’t help but want to see up close if given half the chance.
PLEASE READ, AND EDUCATE YOURSELVES.
"Happiness is not having what you want. It is wanting what you have." ~Rabbi Hyman Schachtel Question: What are your simplest pleasures that cost little to nothing?
Sign the E-Petition & pass it on via email/facebook/twitter to everyone you know. It takes minutes & you really are doing something worthwhile.
Spice Market – Perfection
I love the idea of hanging this over a changing table to give baby something colorful and fun to look. Past the nursery stage? How cute would it be to make and hang a few of these for a little girl's spring birthday party?!
form a coherent passage
If I truly say that I trust God with each and every step I take, then I need to actually do that. the days ahead will be no different than the ones I've already taken. He has EVERY ONE OF THEM covered. He has already planned out this path - it is up to me to trust Him. If I really do believe He walks beside me, then where is the fear? I go with a host of mighty warriors as my bodyguards! talk about a team of superheroes! :) so what do I have to fear from cancer? absolutely nothing! if it returns, then we deal with it. I can not walk in fear of the future or 'what ifs'. That is not what faith is about.
The first Chipotle opened in Colorado in 1993, and since has spread across the nation. With 100 percent of its pork naturally raised, more than 60 percent of its beef naturally raised, and as much naturally raised chicken as it can muster, it’s the poster child for local farming. College students with broken hearts, empty stomachs, and splitting head aches line the restaurant’s wall morning to night, knowing their cure lies at the end.
This game is a great way to practice counting, number recognition, 1:1 correspondence and work on fine motor skills in a fun way. As we were playing Juliette began to recognize the amount of dots on the die and was able to just tell us the number without counting.
Of course since I had to come up with something that most fifth graders felt very confident about and was still very fun, I chose SpongeBob SquarePants. This was a MUCH better choice than Parkour or Justin Bieber, I'll tell you.
I have long been keen on red wines from New Zealand and have often wondered why so many consumers are hesitant to try them and persist in regarding New Zealand as solely a white wine producing country and look to Australia for their reds. I do my best to win them round, but even at the Annual New Zealand tasting I spoke to two men who did not even want to try a Kiwi red – despite my best efforts.
"The ability of fish larvae to survive has a huge effect on the population down the road," says biologist Lee Fuiman, director of the University of Texas Marine Science Institute in Port Aransas, who was not involved with the study. "A small change in the percent survival equals a large change in the adult population."
I’ve made a point to work on my emotional connections to food and my size. Like I’ve said in the past I don’t really recognize what weight I have lost unless I look at the size of my pants or the scale. I know that may sound a bit crazy but it’s true. I didn’t have a bad self image before letting go of my weight but I also didn’t see who I really physically was. I look and look and can see that I feel better and I get a lot of compliments of how much I’ve lost, but for me I’ve lost and gained much more than weight.
The loudly spoken narrative is that all Airbus pilots love their planes and think they're the best thing since sliced bread, however, as with the political narrative in the MSM, there's more than an undercurrent of dissension.Because in Practice, there is a difference between Theory and Practice. I've spent most of my career in a field that wouldn't exist if software architects could design products without gross errors and software engineers could implement those designs without even more gross errors.
Thannks for stopping by - I really do appreciate all your sweet comments!
After dropping my son and two friends off at school this sunny Wednesday in Northern California, I came home to find our 3 of the cats waiting for breakfast at the back door. We now have 5 outdoor cats, 2 are visiting from my daughter’s place.
- Preserved Apple, Brussels Sprouts, Candied Black Walnuts
38. Over 90% of diseases are caused or complicated by stress.
Daughter of the former President
I stopped parading down the aisle long enough to sit down and talk with my friend. I was surprised to learn that the kids dad hadn't been paying child support all year. The mom was struggling to pay the bills. This month alone, my friend lent her rent money and told her not to pay her back for a while--at least until she can afford to without being homeless. The church had been kind enough to provide the kids with school supplies. And the extra shifts the mom was working would be enough to keep her afloat for a while, and her bills would be caught up.
04 A Night in Tunisia (Gillespie, Paparelli) 5:57
Not fun. Thinking about it, I’ll need to check the figures for population over the last few decades for Wichita. Maybe for the county over there. And then, on another thought, maybe not. The industry is heavily unionized. There are some things I’d rather not know – who am I kidding. I’ll check.
It’s like this: you cack some sphere-jockey in Hubspace, or you sell Bluetab to the chemjunkies on Arcturus, or you bop with some Biggie’s girl and he throws SPIT-NET a bone, and you find yourself lookin’ up the nostrils of a Judge as he looks down. Prison, he says, or worse. But you’re a slammer, still running green on all your lights—young, strong, not a total dumbass—so your law-squawk cuts you a deal. Prison or a CFC. For you jump-chumps sqattin’ on the john and scanning this down, that means Corporate Frontier Contract, affirm? A one-way ticket to the ass-end of nowhere, the Big Empty, hupping for snot-pay through more shit-top ugly duty than’ll reg on a heavy scanner. Rads, rock-watches, pirates, the rest of it. Crazy.
things get better and new and different doorways open into a new kind of life
Hunting Licence Tax
Leave a link to your blog post and not just your blog! Using Mr Linky
But (as my last post suggests) I’m ready. I made my own syllabus for the summer and I am loving working it. Something has shifted in me. Am I just that much more mature? Secure?
Anyway our cells use a protein called hemoglobin to capture and carry the oxygen throughout our bodies.
Onion, 1 pc, cut into slices
I looked, and saw the valley of my soul
I don’t want no crying, only tears of joy
Small bottle (airline bottle) of hazelnut kahlua
TITLE: Guitar Collection of Sor, Aguado and Tarrega
Always experimenting with new flavors, she recently created the Latin-inspired alfajor cupcake. The name: Don't Cry for Me Argentina.
Friday, April 13 - two miles warm-up, six miles marathon pace (which was optimistically around 9:30-9:35ish).
Come back over to my blog tomorrow - Tuesday May 1st, or anytime in the month of May and all the details will be posted here on how to enter and how to get more than one chance to win... I promise it is easey peasey and believe me this software is quite simply AMAZING!!!
*I hope Yundi Li and Deutsche Grammophon will forgive me for posting this, since I am enthusiastically promoting them by doing so.
"Jasmine? What's happened?" Delphina gaped up at me, expecting me to have all the answers, as she always did. There was a vivid red line on her cheek where the petal had sliced her skin.
Yesterday was a good day. I don’t have hope to repeat yesterday’s success.
We completed the evening with a walk around town and dinner at Oscars. Oscars was our favourite eatery during our time in York and again most of my friends and family have eaten with me there at one point. Unfortunately the lovely building and courtyard they used to occupy was only rented and they were unable to renew their lease. However, they moved to a building only just around the corner and the food was as fantastic as ever.
The Best Headphones With Noise Canceling Feature
“What’s that you’ve created there, Ugg? Fire, you say? Seems like pretty dangerous stuff to me. Perhaps you ought to just put the sticks down and come on a hunt. We’re going to climb a tree and try killing a Saber-toothed Tiger with harsh language so we don’t get hurt. You like your Tiger steak rare… right?”
I stood up to say good-bye like all the rest
“What took you so long? Where is Akshay?”
Rome wasn't built in a day and neither is a new set of china, so patience... my patience (how I hate being patient... it must be the total opposite to impetuous) is called for. Over time this porcelain will hopefully become my new collectible... and will take pride of place in our armoire... Did I mention that I have a weakness for white china? xv
I wrote a post quite a while ago describing "My 1st Saudi Wedding" I ever attended here. Of course, no two weddings are ever the same. Each one has its own uniqueness that the bride wishes to include in her special day.
4. The beach. I am firmly of the opinion that beaches are for getting wet. There is, like, all this water and stuff. Looking at all the water without getting in is like looking at a thick slice of homemade chocolate cake and saying, “Well, that’s some nice cake.”
I love the pungent and sharp flavor of fermented black bean sauce. Because of its aggressive and viscous properties, it tastes amazing doused over another component with a neutral flavor and texture—like steamed tofu. If you don't have a steamer, you can fill a large saucepan with a few inches of water and place a slightly curved bowl of tofu right into it. Simply cover and steam to create the perfect vehicle for a rich and spicy black bean sauce. This dish is healthy, delicious and incredibly easy to make.
So I “danced” the next song with Light. I say “danced” because my following was really bad and I was sufficiently stressed that I kind of ended up hugging him and crying on his shoulder (hooray for awkward! though he seems to be a magnet for girls prone to freaking out so he’s pretty used to it). Actually I think what triggered the actual crying was the fact that I couldn’t follow him really at all. Because I actually care what Light thinks of me. And it was also frustrating to see how much I’ve lost what little dance ability I had worked up. I feel really bad… I should apologize to him for that. Gah.
Lighting is an element of design that is often overlooked and under-purchased. That light that hooks to your ceiling in the middle of your room is NOT your only light source!
And the thing is that it wasn't a big deal and it didn't affect anything and I'm the only one who fucking cared. I didn't realize just how much I was blowing it out of proportion until I spoke with Hunter on the phone. I'm pretty sure he thought I must have done something really horrible that was going to cost the company money or something by the way I was talking about it. By the time he understood what a small issue it was, I felt a bit ridiculous for having been almost in tears. But that's how I work. I care very much about what I do and I take pride in it. I'm a strict task master with myself and just push and push and push myself towards better and better results. God help me if I make a simple mistake because I just go off the rails a bit. Sometimes I take a breath, think things through, and think "jesus christ, kid, calm - the fuck - down... or don't, enjoy that heart attack you're working up to."
I'm not concerned at this point with the top of the bench, but the undersides must be flat so that they will rest evenly on the legs. This meant more quality time with my planes, winding sticks, and straight edge.
Therefore knowing all this by bhAvana, oh twice born one, you worship properly through karmayOga (nihsankalpa, niSkAma karma)!
The Bruce family were the original and builders of Kinross House, the Montgomery family owned the house until quite recently. The Montomery’s are buried in a separate,private grave yard which adjoins this burial ground. This image was toned in a different way, the organic material picking up a blue tone.
Whether his ‘unfitness’ was a show (so as not to get into trouble for charges of corruption) or not, it is mildly telling that Fox chose not to update the world on this story like everyone else is doing.
If you are interested in more info and photos on this
In summary, the effects of FDI, whether positive or negative, depend on the ability of the government to enhance the so-called crowding-in effect defined as the development and upgrading of private firms which can thus benefit from linkages with foreign companies, while reducing the crowding-out effect which instead is the distortion of growth of the domestic private sector due to unregulated competition and lack of technological transfer. Governments need to ensure that their domestic firms can grasp the potential benefits deriving from the spillovers of FDI as well as creating an environment leading to regulated and healthy investments. While the effects of FDI depend on the one hand on the strategies of the companies involved, on the other hand they depend on the absorptive capacity of the local economy, the efficiency of the demonstration effects, the establishment of training programs, interactions between the locals and the foreign investors as well as regulated competition which does not hinder the local market but gives it incentives to develop healthily.
Watch 1371 on the S&P 500. That is the 62% retracement of the recent run from 1340-1422 and the high from 5/2/11. Above 1371 is bullish, below is bearish. When it is all said and done I am cautious here but not bearish.
39. “Be Your Bro” by Those Darlins
To me, mixed media and abstract art can be the most closely representational art there is...it most closely resembles real life, its surprises, its dark and light places, its mistakes made beautiful, its mosaic of experience, and infinite variety of materials encountered in just one average, normal day....and the fact that every human being will experience grace and life differently - through their perspective, whether Old Covenant, New Covenant, or No Covenant At All.
I want to cry for him, the fact that his friends make fun of him for smelling or for being a baby. When I took him into the preschool he is in I walked in and said "Hi I am looking for a place for my almost 4 year old son" She said No problem we have room. And I literally cried and said "One thing though, he's not potty trained" and she said "No problem" and I cried harder.
The Jews were denying all of this. To them, the preaching of the cross was foolishness unto them. They were rejecting Paul and His apostleship. Thus, they were rejecting Jesus Christ for He was Whom Paul preached.
This fall, every practicing Catholic must vote, and must vote their Catholic consciences, or by the following fall our Catholic schools, our Catholic hospitals, our Catholic Newman Centers, all our public ministries -- only excepting our church buildings – could easily be shut down. Because no Catholic institution, under any circumstance, can ever cooperate with the instrinsic evil of killing innocent human life in the womb.
The makeup kick continues!
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in preheated oven; finished bars should spring back when lightly touched. Cool in the pan, and cut into squares.
And caroling out in the snow
Placebo Special K UK
Then He calls us to engage in this same ministry of bending low to reach others. We don’t walk by friends in caverns and potholes and chasms, pretending that everything is all right or hoping for another bystander to reach down and rescue them.
And note that Hayek, one of the great inspirations of neoliberalism, did in his later years come to the the profoundly conservative and Burkean conclusion that human society is too complex to be modelled by anyone or be well described by any theory. As it says here:
…The time line, the certainty of it, the proofs, and the signs are all precisely the same. No other past teachings have been changed or modified. Indeed, on May 21 Christ did come spiritually to put all of the unsaved throughout the world into judgment. But that universal judgment will not be physically seen until the last day of the five month judgment period, on October 21, 2011.
Axe Save $1/1 Shampoo 12oz or 22oz or Styling Aid 2.64oz or 3.2oz ets (4/22)
Fact: I'm a huge sucker for fall clothing. The coats, the boots, the hats, the sweaters...it's all gold. I love the coziness, easy sophistication and simple stylishness of it all. Each article of clothing is meant to wrap you not only in a plush, soft fabric, but also in a feeling of confidence and stylishness. Suddenly, it becomes chic to cover up. The skin-showing overload of summer gives way to the tasteful body-conscious silhouettes of fall. I'm already on the prowl for a long sleeved minidress...
Second, the sending party has to encode the message in such a way as the receiver will be able to decode it. If you speak to me in Gaelic, then even if I get your transmission perfectly, I still won’t have a clue as to what you’re talking about. I can’t decode Gaelic.
-lionsault is blocked
ALE.
2) Fry for few minutes until slightly brown.
So next will be to take everything out of the pantry and give it a good clean out. I ended up messing up all the order in there as I would find something that was still good and put that on the shelf above, or over the other side.
12- Dark Matter
The Queen was some place hidden her wounds slowly mending.
--Andrew Murray
“I’ve got no mother, no wife, no kids. I had, but my mother’s dead, and I lost my wife and my kids when I had my trouble. Women are bitches. It’s hard for a chap to live without any affection in his life.”
17) Wrap the pastry and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
2 ½ cup Dry Rajma (Kidney Beans)
For focus groups.
This is the first quilt that I finished. Heather Bailey really started my love for fabrics and quilting with her Freshcut collection. It really was a big quilt to make for my first project, but it's one of those quilts that still gets used every fall. It seems to get softer and more comfortable with age! I remember trying to read online as much as I could about quilting and how to make a quilt. I found a video on YouTube that showed you how to baste a quilt. I ended up basting this one with thread and rolling it up on a long board to keep everything straight. It's a bit different than how I do things today, but the quilt did turn out really nice and it was really easy to quilt it that way.
The whole situation kept me away from my blogs for very long. Too long maybe. And then one day I started to pray, not that I did not pray before but this time it was different, I started to have long conversation with my God and ask him to give me more strength and faith and courage and suddenly my life started to get better (not that the situation in Haiti is better) but my personal life gets richier and I have learned to cop with the environment - not as I would want it but as it is when there is no other choice.
The Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) is collecting testimonies from New Yorkers who have been stopped by the NYPD. This collection of stories will appear in an upcoming report that documents the impact of stop-and-frisk on peoples’ lives, highlights data regularly provided by the NYPD (CCR receives this data regularly as part of our legal action against the NYPD) and discusses relevant human rights standards.
And yet, Tuesday evening found me lakeside with three dear friends, savoring a picnic in the park. The water glistened in the sun, children played together, dogs barked, a baby cried and all was right with the world.
Now consider the real value of so many of the popular images we see all over the internet. I really do not understand why these 'fad' pictures attract so much attention. What do I mean?
In this first of the 19th Year Trilogy, Winn might know more about Mac than even she does, and that knowledge could end their lives, unless Mac ensures the powers-that-be have no choice but to keep him around.
For now I'll share this recipe with you, luckily there was a photo of it on my hard drive.
The hard thing is I can't say anything quite yet. Something very unexpected happened to us on Friday. I can say, God is good. My husband is amazing, faithful and godly. My boys are happy and healthy (well except for this cold we have) and Baby O and Mama are just fine.
- I combined the tail ends of a couple of bags of unsweetened and sweetened coconut, although I would have rather used all unsweetened.
I finally got a chance to sit down and do some work in my journal for fun this last weekend. I forget how much I love it--I think I need to do another 30 day challenge, maybe in December, to get back into the habit.
tunic-local boutique, leggings-target, tank-maurices, necklace-target, boots-vince camuto, michael kors watch
07 American Girl
March 1981/September 1981
because that's my favorite thing to do!!
And now, the boys have it too!!! My 2 y/o is miserably uncomfortable and has to appetite, with a slight fever!! Argh!!!
Hey Aaron. Remember when you had long hair and a scuzzy beard and played a manly-as-fuck biker in Erin Brockovich? Because I certainly do. It was a real departure from your breakout role (in In The Company Of Men as a slick, sociopathic abuser of women), and oh em gee me likey. You are so completely masculine, yet so completely approachable: a hunk who likes chopping wood to make into an extension on our log cabin, but then comes in to watch 30 Rock with me under a Slanket on the sofa. What do you mean you want the bit with the arms?! Oh OK, I suppose you did make me that macaroni cheese I asked for – you deserve it. What’s that? You want to let me wear your plaid shirt? Sure, anything for you Aaron. . . Why don’t you get into one of the suits you wore in Thank You For Smoking and I’ll make myself comfortable in the bedroom. . .
So I picked up a few glass jars at Hobby Lobby (50% off baby!) and bought a fresh supply of crayons, markers and colored pencils (and don't worry...all of them are the washable kind!). Then I just put them in the jars and placed them on the kitchen counter where the "hot spot" used to be. In the drawer directly below, I placed paper...and only paper. Scissors and stick glue are kept out of reach of the littles.
In and out of these blue lines like I’m sexin the page.
I take the train everyday, twice a day. Two different lines, so there's a stop in between... all-told, I chill in the station at least six times a day, which means one thing: More exposure to the crazies that call them home in the winter.
for learning to be its own reward, without use of a merit system
I really thought I’d have a lot to write about here concerning structure, but I don’t. Obviously, the internal structure is different. The two protagonists meet but are already in love by the beginning. The impediment really isn’t an impediment of the usual sort (a rival) – it’s a style that’s the impediment and that’s easily overcome. And then we do end happily ever after.
nuclear materials for malicious
I think back to this time last year, a time when I had another countdown ticking away in my head. How significant the month of April has become in my life. Last year, I eagerly awaited the meeting of my birth daughter! It was an event that I had dreamt of and imagined for 17 years leading up to that marvelous day. I remember how nervous I was, yet how blissfully happy and excited. And then finally came the moment that I got to see her, to hug her and release the tears of absolute euphoria that had been building up for so long! What a precious, incredible moment that was; one that I will never ever forget. I love that my dear, sweet husband was right there with me, just as enchanted as I was, as if she were his own birth daughter!
into a new period,
“What do you want to think about?”
“The neighbours won’t object
But this is not what needs to be going on in my head at this moment. This guy doesn’t need an essay, he needs a response. Do I give it to him and go home? Do I keep it and defy the very logic I used with my wife to justify coming here this afternoon?
I have really been searching for a good, quality diaper bag! I wanted something timeless and something that would work for boy or girl. ( I do want a boy! ) I looked at Gucci diaper bags. Too expensive for what you get and..they're ugly. I like Gucci because their items are covered in "G"s and well, my last name is Gunderson. Yeah, we like Gucci.
I found these musicians over at hitRECord.org. Been hanging out there whenever I get a few minutes lately, mostly listening to mix of interesting music. HitRECord.org is "an open collaborative production company" (founded by Joseph Gordon-Levitt) where anyone can share their ideas & creations. Find an idea, make something, other folks then get inspired to riff off of that creation ... and the ball just keeps rolling. Everybody feeds off each other's muses and all sorts of fascinating stuff happens.
If you look at Brighton's reflection, this match is a real nail biter.
Not surprisingly, the early weeks of this month were filled with conversations about 9/11/01. I read one survivor recap in which the writer, now is his 30s, said that he is certain that he survived the worst of day of his life.
*I have a non-stick electric skillet that can cook all six pancakes at once. If you are using a regular pan, be sure not to crowd the pancakes, and lightly grease in between each batch.
This ridiculous fixed rate policy in the south must stop!
January 3, 1806
Shanghai, Beijing, and Hong Kong are complete playgrounds for architecture photographers. On a clear day standing on the viewing catwalk of the second largest building in the world, the World Financial Center allows for a break-taking overview of Pudong and the eastern Shanghai.
This quote still rings true today. It is very possible that we block our own progress, by refusing to recognize the truths that we learn about ourselves. This could be because we are ashamed of what we have done or have not done. This could be because we don't feel ready to accomplish the task set before us. There are many flurries of brain activity, when one of these big epiphany moments takes place. It's our responsibility to learn to take a moment to breathe, and learn how to deal with what we have learned. Once we are able to process the news, we are then capable of reaching a more mature conclusion and growth can take place.
Steven: There are some things on there that aren’t true.
So after things went really well with our move and everything else, I started to get complacent. I began sewing more and more, and spending less time interacting with my children. I mean, I'm still around, and I listen to them play together and run interference all the time, but I don't get down and play with them very much. I started thinking that going to pick up Breanne from school counted as some sort of outing with my kids. I spent more time online than I should, just checking Facebook and Pinterest. I feel like even though I'm kind of trying to get my life in order and do fun things with my kids, I'm just constantly frustrated by my lack of organization and energy.
What’s the deal behind the Tamarind Westside? Here’s the story straight from the project’s official website copy:
MS: Come on, girls! What else?
Now then, I want to beat around the bush (or should that be Whomping Willow?), I really really do… but I won’t, because there’s absolutely no denying it – this is an experience that any Harry Potter fan is going to find amazing, be they adult or child, die-hard or casual. There truly is something for everyone at The Making of Harry Potter. Right from when you first step into the studio foyer and are greeted with photos on the walls above of the principal cast members from across the years, as well as the infamous flying Ford Anglia hanging from the ceiling (complete with blinking indicator light), you know this is going to be something special.
This silly idea is brought to you by (1) banana waffles, and (2) my hair salon.
The grand age of 11
Good call, Batman. Good call.
Thanks for visiting with me! You make my day! :-)
And then I saw it:
but rather I love to coordinate items
But would anyone be surprised if he did suffer from that kind of injury? He played 20 years in the NFL. He had been taking shots to the head since he was a star high school player at Oceanside High School, and probably earlier than that. A big, fast, violent player in a violent sport. How many hits to the head is that, between Oceanside High and Junior Seau being found dead at his home in Oceanside yesterday morning?
Though religious standards can give relief to a traditional-gone-wrong perception of roles, religion can also be oppressive. There are religions that dehumanize a woman’s existence.
Honestly, I love that R. Gregory Christie created the art for this book. I’m one of Greg’s biggest fans. Greg’s wonderful art is perfect for this project. When I look at the art for this book, I and can’t help but smile. Greg’s naive folk art style nods towards Bill Traylor’s own art style. And what author would complain about having a three-time Coretta Scott King award recipient illustrate their book?
03 Dearly Beloved (Mercer, Kent) 03:05
Given the choice between tro-tro collision and cement wipeout, I’d choose the tro-tro every time. First, because I have a thing for tro-tro mates. I’ll put up with quite a lot from tro-tros just for the sake of those guys. Second, because the tro-tro sort of just rolled into me, while the cement slab bruised my buh-tocks, made my leg bleed, sprained my right wrist, and scraped up my left hand.
Here’s what it looked like…
We started off with the bruschetta and the mollusco (clams). The clams came perfectly steamed and in a delicate broth of prosecco and fennel. The abundant fennel shavings, thankfully, weren’t overpowering as fennel can sometimes be.
So I told her to still have them see a doctor, but to get some Cranberry fruit pills from the vitamin section at in super market store.
Mrs Sulis had gotten distracted during my hastily delivered speech and simply let out a long sigh down the line. “Okay then,” she replied finally, “thanks for letting us know.”
Candidate for a Pullet Surprise is a poem written by Jerrold H. Zar, Professor Emeritus at Northern Illinois University. However, Dr. Zar has had quite a time keeping his name attached to this wonderful bit of poetry, especially in this digital age.
5nos Curry leaves
You can see that my paints have been buried under a myriad of things. And these pictures don't even do justice to the height of the piles on this little table! I don't dare show you the whole area or you'll be calling "Hoarders" for sure!
Still, I can’t bear to part with Viv. Fashionable or not, her beaten black leather exterior belies a host of juicy gossip; something which a clutch-come-brooch could ne’er come close. I shall therefore continue to carry her proudly around town. After all, one never knows when they may suddenly require the use of an iron.
It is from Showsec about Crowd Management Strategy, and the hard copy is accompanied by a CD.
"We have to do something because our future leaders are being destroyed by drugs," he said.
March 9, 2012
Secretary Herminio Coloma says the government’s communications strategy has four phases. The first phase includes the President’s website. If the strategy fails after the first phase, the second phase, the third phase, they shall proceed to the fourth: saving face.
Vanilla or Chocolate Macaroons:
With 150 years of experience, this German-based company has become the premier supplier for many ice cream, cereal, and candy products around the world. Chances are good that you’ve tasted their products.
Unfortunately, after a final afternoon visit with family, we will be flying out, just as they are all meeting up; reaching Idaho around midnight local.
The best part of the night for me (aside from the part where in my head I decide that Chef Ludo himself designed the night's awesome 90s-hip-hop playlist) was my vantage point. Overall, I wasn't thrilled with the space: Lemon Moon is a cafeteria in an office complex, and the ambiance of its bright, spacious dining room just didn't match the excitement of the night. But it has an open kitchen, and from my seat, I could watch as one chef prepped plate after plate, using an empty glass display case as his work station. He was meticulous about every detail, and I watched as Chef Ludo peered intently over his shoulder, hanging on every drop of sauce, making sure each dish was just perfect. In that moment, all the LudoBites fanfare made sense: every item I was served was at the highest level. Chef Ludo and his team took great pains to achieve harmony from a wild array of complex flavors, to make every plate beautiful. A world of mindful effort is behind every bite. He's pulling out all the stops, putting all he has out there. In that moment, I totally got the LudoBitches. There is most definitely something hot about a man who works so hard to ensure that I, that all of us there, feel taken care of (and seriously, the French accent doesn't hurt, either). This meal made me feel taken care of -- how can I dare act too cool for that?
Winner : Maui - Imperial Coconut Porter
Instead, I offer Owl choices whenever possible, and I treat questions like genuine questions. If I say “can I have that?” he is allowed to say yes or no, but if I say “give it to Mommy,” it’s not a choice. But I don’t pount and beg and make a fuss while he delights in denying me, as Dr Karp recommends.
One winner will win a copy of "The Games Bible" by Leigh Anderson. Simply leave a comment below telling me what your favorite family friendly game is!! Be certain to leave your email address or have it available in your profile so that I have a way to contact you or your enter will be invalid. Winners chosen by a randomizer and will have five business days to respond to winning email or another winner will be chosen.
Utter cobblers! (And yes I did send a reply tweet about spreading BS. The thing about twitter is it a platform for a “quick hit” or for sending out information via attachments, but a blog is a platform of more permanent and more permanently findable content. Hence I use both and use both in the manner I think more fitting for each medium.)
The titular barbarian of A Barbarian in Asia is Henri Michaux (1889-1984), who, the back of the book informs us, was a “great French poet and painter” who “set out as a young man to see the Far East.” The barbarian’s sensibility is certainly poetic. He is interested in conveying the feelings of elsewhere, the contours of its sentimental landscape, not the brute facts. (Though Michaux is quite conversant in Eastern literature and religion.) He sets the tone on the opening page of the opening section, “A Barbarian in India,” by calling Calcutta “the most crowded city in the Universe.” Is Calcutta the most crowded city in the Universe? Impossible to be certain. But to the barbarian in India, it certainly feels that way, and the purpose of travel (as opposed to tourism) is to feel. We travel to feel when our everyday surroundings have made us numb.
Owning your own home is great, but remember there is always so much maintenance. Here most things are provided for you. I realize I'm not very handy and this type of living is another great option for me. My goal right now? Keep all of my options open and save, save save!
Thread a cross stitch needle (with a thin eye) with metallic thread. Push the needle up through the first hole and then down through the second, up through the third hold and back down into the second, then back up through the fourth. Repeat this pattern for the whole design and tape the ends down on the back. It takes a little time, but the result is worth the work. Tip: Paper stitching is a lot like back stitching in cross stitch.
George made a very good supper of squash and nettle lasagna tonight. That’s right…stinging nettles turned into a yummy supper.
There was only one way to solve this problem, my mind tells me. I listened carefully and before long, I knew what I had to do. It was going to be a very big risk which could backfire but, it was better than the time bomb I was sitting on…
Director: Steve Previn / Writers: Fritz Eckhardt (story), Maurice Tombragel / Cast: Kerwin Mathews, Brian Aherne, Senta Berger, Peter Kraus, Fritz Eckhardt, and Kai Fischer
Trinity - Chapter 20 (V Recordings)
The Daily Show & Colbert we pop in from time to time. As well as Robot Chicken. And they never disappoint.
Gwen Buchanan Probably printmaking, or glass fusing.. Life isn't long enough.. I want to try them all.. I find all art forms and methods relate to each other.. and the way they interpret in each field inspires me.
As I understand it, 360s allow individuals to appreciate their impact on others, how they influence and work in a team, and provide a substrate to enhance reflection, and from there, personal development.
In life, let me live to the fullest of every day.
“These are your granddaughters,” I offered as we walked in to his dorm-like room.
of torment–they grow hotter and more stifling.
The Harris Museum is in the centre of Preston, Lancashire, an excellent example of Neo-Classical Victorian municipal architecture. Its a very impressive and imposing structure in the middle of the city.
From there I went to Silver City (also New Mexico), Phoenix, Sacramento, Lake Tahoe, did the Tour of California, left Los Angles on Sunday evening and arrived in Greensboro, South Carolina on Thursday. Drove to Philadelphia, then Cleveland, then to Burlington, Vermont. From there we went up to Quebec City (Canada), back to Vermont, back to Cleveland. Then I headed to Idaho for one night of racing, then to Bend, Oregon, which gets us to the present day.
H - Hong Kong, Hungary
i think it is a stage. i am fairly certain that other mothers have stressed about their child saying stuff like this and it being misconstrued. and i am sure that i have made it worse by trying to stifle his comments.
Viking and Chuck
Foreign Secretary William Hague said “tireless efforts” had been carried out in an attempt to secure Mr Dale’s release, and that the British government “has worked closely with the Red Cross throughout”.
Like most of the country, locals in Sheffield were home bound due to a dramatic change in weather.
Clyde"The good Lord gave you a body that can stand most anything. It's your mind you have to convince"-Vince Lombardi"
Here is my attempt at a brief, spoiler-free summary:
Lord Harrington died the same morning. For him, the hell wain has come after all. In his will – the one he had meant to destroy – tormented by guilt, he was admitting to his triple crime; he was recognising Christopher as his son and sole heir and was leaving to him – if he were still alive - all his fortune, but only under the condition that Christopher would produce his mother’s ring as a proof of his identity.
Alan Arkin (Four Days in September, Slums of Beverly Hills)
19 May 12 – West Ham or Cardiff v Birmingham v Blackpool @ Wembley
I: Iowa, Indiana, and Illinois. My dad was born in Iowa and moved to MN in HS. I lived in IL in HS. I went to college in South Bend, IN and later worked in Indianapolis. If you want to know what my college years were like, watch the movie Rudy. He was at ND and I was at the sister school St. Mary’s. Rudy, my husband, and I all graduated the same year.
“Well, we asked you in to discuss the results because one of the routine screenings was flagged up by our phlebotomist…”
Two female reporters, Samiya Al Eissa and Nesreen Najm Al Deen, wrote about Shaima’s case in a local newspaper. As a result, the two reporters were referred to the Ministry of Information’s press violation committee — not for reporting an untruth, but for reporting a truth that the Ministry views as threatening to national unity. The Ministry’s accusatory letter was leaked and a scanned copy made the rounds on social media, where many pointed out that the two reporters were not the only ones to report Shaima’s case. A similar report by a male reporter was published in Al Hayat newspaper, no reports have surfaced that he was reprimanded or accused of causing national discord.
Alan Chapell recalled the first meeting he had with Mr. D’Aquila while he was taking summer school classes in 1984 to try to get into Stamford Catholic after "literally failing out” of another local high school. After Alan had a run-in with another teacher and was kicked out of class, Mr. D'Aquila confronted him.
“How much do cops make?” he asked.
Author Robert Spencer, founder of the major website Jihad Watch, recently published a book with the provocative title Did Muhammad Exist? An Inquiry into Islam’s Obscure Origins.
This is another of the special order cards on my list. Brittany is horsey-mad and I think this is the only horse stamp I have! I wasn't sure what to do with the sentiment so added it in a rosette.
Born on August 25, 1979, Tim Vaughan is one the brightest young training talents in Jump racing. The son of a car repair specialist and hobby farmer, Vaughan has ridden since the age of two, riding for his local pony club which included being a proud member of the Prince Phillip Cup Team, where he competed for Wales at the Royal Windsor Horse Show and the Horse of the Year Show at Wembley. He later show jumped and finished fourth in the Junior Foxhunters Final at the Horse of the Year Show and he also represented Wales’s Under
· Belgian Chocolate Chunk
There are plans afoot for a new five part series starting with a movie called Caesar. The idea sounds reminiscent of Conquest of the Planet of the Apes. A scientist develops a super intelligent, talking ape who becomes enraged when the scientist’s wife is killed. Caesar begins to despise humanity, particularly their abuse of simians, and plots a revolt. Said revolt should lead to a planet ruled by apes throughout the rest of the proposed series.
I had 204 people leave their name on the list!! The lucky winner is..
To take a break from deciding which cardigan to pack—the pink or the yellow, or both?—I went out for dinner and ice cream with one of my dearest friends, Katie.
A can of low sodium creme of mushroom soup
With March 2011 has Carpe Diem Club started for Koppert Cress an unique tour in Italy, by organizing each month a dinner in one of the restaurants of the region to present the rich kingdom of Koppert Cress flavours through creativity of a great chef. Tasting the different micro plants and then enjoying them incorporated into the wonderful creations of excellent Italian chefs is always an unforgetable experience.
It’s kind of funny how people remember the great times during their times of loss.
- A new bike for me ...
To those experiencing that chaos, I wish you good luck, and I really do hope things get better for you. But its your choice whether you want chaos over genuine happiness.
After a busy day finishing with a meeting at 8PM...
a peacock blue and my daughter wanted a glittery red. Now I'm
While the kids play putt-putt and scoff down a kilogram or two of delectable treats from the Little Miss Piggy Ice-Cream Parlour, check out some local art at Zulu-Lulu, Mutasa Arts and Crafts and Sterlings Wrought Iron (these guys also offer classes on how to make your own awesome wrought iron creations). If you have a nose for vino, make sure you pop into Meander Fine Wines or if literature is more your taste, then spend a couple of hours browsing the shelves at Huddy’s Books.
I eventually find the entrance on the Rue de Charenton, curiously an ancient stone gateway, which leads me through to pure 1960s brutalism. I have found the hospital, but still don’t see the logic in the cryptic name of the establishment. Later I discover that it is in fact a remnant of a bizarre system of medieval counting, representing three hundred (15x20), the number of beds planned for the original hospital building.
Businesses that openly display an endorsement of anti-American anarchy and chaos must be made to pay a heavy price for their foolishness. You can tweet Men's Wearhouse (@Mens_Wearhouse) and tell them what you think.
I have news for everyone who feels like that. Jesus came to save sinners! and if you really feel you are the worst person on this earth that is all the more reason to come to Him in prayer and repentance. He will not reject you- that He promises.
The leftover salad also made for a wonderful afternoon snack the next day! I mixed the leftover Spicy Cantaloupe-Cucumber Salad with 3/4 of a cup of Fage Greek Yogurt and they made a great pair! The yogurt also helped relieve a bit of the heat from the peppers…
Why are such choices so overwhelming? Is it just me or does anyone else out there take forever to decide on colour samples? Or am I the only one who is so fussy?
In what "rooms" have you learned the most?
Kuya Omme – My gratitude for all the support given, esp. the technical ones.
I am a piano and the
Nurse Duckett has urgent news about Dunbar:
Or maybe Mr. Howell killed Schwartz to end the blackmail resulting from pictures taken of him and Grumby in a compromising encounter years before?
LUNA SEA – PROMISE ((Had to post the live version but it’s just as great if not better tbh) I really really love the lyrics to this song and not only that, but it’s their first single release since 2000. For that reason alone, it deserves to be on my list.)
Only one available now. Brand new. 100% natural pure linen.
So, prospective student, who is an anal retent? According to Wikipedia,
BLITZEN TRAPPER-Maybe Baby Single
The five minutes I spent with her in the living room of my daughter's Brownie leader has changed the way I will raise my own children, an impact that is immeasurable.
raspberry (yes, all the berry names sound different!)
A gilded shell
I really enjoyed this book and highly recommend this to anyone looking for an exciting book to read. I also greatly look forward to the next two installments in the series, Tiger’s Quest and Tiger’s Voyage, both due out later this year.
Extra Entries (please leave a seperate comment for each :
but visiting the iniquity of the parents
This will be a great creation
Charlotte
people. But I did like a lot of punk music at the time. It
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
5.Bake in preheated 350-degree oven for 15-20 minutes or until set.
OMGoodness, but yesterday was a long day! I started my day with a SCARY nightmare about dinosaurs. Not Barney dinosaurs. Not Land Before Time dinosaurs. Think Jurassic Park dinosaurs. In my dream, we'd found a way to bring dinosaurs back, and about 3 of them ended up near where we were. In my dream, my hubby wasn't too pleased about that. "Why did you bring back the MEAT eaters???" he wanted to know! So we all ran screaming for cover. It was my family and I and a few others. The T-Rexes (yep, THOSE scray ones) chased us, while we ducked for cover. We thought we were safe inside this low ceilinged room, but they managed to find us. The only shelter was a king sized bed. We all scrambled for it, but there wasn't room for everyone. I was under it, and I managed to grab one or two of my kids, but the others didn't fit. About that time, my alarm went off, and I woke up. Dang! Scary dream!
permanent disfigurement or
So exactly the same as before cut out a spiral but then cut a wavy edge along the outer edges of the spiral. You could of course just cut the spiral with a wavy edge to start off but that makes the base wavy too and it is then harder to stick down.
Nothing compares to the flavor of food that is grown in healthy soil, without pesticides, and allowed to grow until just the right time for harvest. Square foot gardening uses only 20% of the land space of a conventional garden and saves both water and time. There is no tilling of the soil so anybody can do it. Join JoAnn as she explains the concept of this successful technique. Home Learning Center in the Garden for All Seasons
“The SOIE argue there is no such thing as a moderate Muslim. The Harrow community stands united against this, there is no room for racism in Harrow.
Let me tell you about your new sisters and brothers. The twelve Faverolles eggs came as promised as did a hatchery selection of twelve bantams: 6 Quail Belgian Bearded D’Anvers, 2 Porcelain Belgian Bearded D’Uccles, 2 Golden Sebrights, and 2 Silver Sebrights. I admit I had a momentary twang of disappointment. These were not the breeds I was hoping for! Where were the Silkies with their funny feather poofs? The Barnvelders with eggs the color of dark chocolate? Why did I have to get these birds out of all the possible breeds that the hatchery carried? Mommy was sad because she had read that the pretty Sebrights can be standoffish and flighty; Quail D’Anvers sweet, but plain. Does this mean I’m a bad mommy? Then I thought that perhaps this was a cosmic lesson in acceptance and love. I pushed that disappointment away and made a promise: I am your mommy and I will love you no matter what.
They had a favourite chair (so have I, so have lots of people)
I still remember the feel of a letter in my hand with the handwriting expressing personal feelings and information so simply with nothing more than a pen. In fact, the wait to receive a letter itself was so joyful. And, you would feel like reading the letter again and again. Today, does the email or SMS give us the same joy? When people personally write by hand from afar the letters remind us that somebody somewhere has made time for us to sit and patiently write to us. Today, it is the age of the computers, of technology ruling the lives of humanity. It is the era of web sites and emails, of chats online and portals. Be it a letter or an article, one makes use of the keyboard as it faster, easier and more convenient. One does not have to worry about anything else. Where does that leave the poor pens, those lovely long hand instruments?
from start to finish.
I can give you a sneak preview without spoilers, I think... there will be new characters, of course, but the ones from Firebrand will still be very much centre stage. Conal and Seth haven’t been idle over the centuries, and they certainly haven’t stayed on one side of the Veil – and it’s their habit of crossing it that gets them into trouble at the beginning of Bloodstone. One incident at the start of the story has terrible consequences, not just for them but for their whole family and clann.
“Did to!” Lucy held out her hand and demanded, “Give him back.”
-pine”
4. Puree the apples either by hand with a potato masher or in a small blender
“I think new writer Steven Moffat has a big challenge following such a successful and popular Doctor – but he’s an excellent choice and if anyone can fill Russell T Davies’ shoes, then he’s the man to do it.
No. The problem here is far greater than individuals and institutions. It's all about 'the system'. And from my view point, the system is failing on every level.
I added a butterfly by K &Co and some pearls that I got from Michaels
billion. Also in 2011, an MoU
It was a sunny but still cool morning (with a wind), so I wore a long sleeved shirt under my flowery NuuMuu dress. I had planned to do a 2-mile warm-up but time was short so I only did 1.5--that got me to a portapotty so I was able to use that at the last minute without standing in line.
My Grandmother Bognanno. She was an amazing woman, sooo many great memories of her!
And you scoop her up, because the day she won't want that ever again is the next stage.
Today, there are more than 5 billion mobile phones around with the world, with 4 billion of them in developing countries and emerging markets, where they are often shared by several people. Be sure to follow our coverage of the Mobile World Congress to learn more about how these phones are being used to deliver products and services to poor, rural communities.
Before heaven and sky and a rumbling earth
- added -
It is about two boys and their families from different worlds, one Australian, one Moroccan. It shows two different cultures, two different countries, two different families and the day-to-day life of each family.
“It happens in short track,” Cho said with a shrug. “The real battle was between me and Jeff.”
When you're playing your guitar, you don't waste time wishing its out-of-tune strings were in tune, wondering how the strings got out of tune in the first place, thinking there is something wrong with a guitar that needs tuning. You just tune the damn thing and get on with your song. It's not a moral issue. The guitar doesn't need counseling or coaching or a 12-step program to help it stay in tune. What it needs is to be played, and listened to.
Tonight I will draw for the maple syrup bucket and announce tomorrow the name of the winner....
"My word! What a machine! Tell us what it is and how it works."
You’re over your last relationship. Your signs that anger and resentment have to be gone and you have to have forgiven not only your ex-partner, but yourself. To be angry at yourself is a clear sign that you are not ready to move forward. If you cannot accept where you are and who you are right now, then it’s time to make a change. You will know that you are ready to go out there and date again when you have given up your “story” and can think about your ex with neutrality, compassion, and understanding.
4. (The ‘not as terrible as the other three’ spot.’) San Francisco 49ers
Before leaving the office, the mom shared with our volunteer that a week ago she and her mother had made the decision to follow Christ!
Oh, and about that return game and letting a freshman run out kicks eight yards deep? Evidently that was a collaborative decision:
AS the 2011 calendar year comes to a close, I can look back at nearly four months of work with iPads in my classroom community. I am more resolute than ever. This endeavor is a valuable one and the curriculum learning, the 21st century skills learning, and the motivation of my students has never been more rich.
The incident became public on April 12 when one of the prostitutes argued with a Secret Service agent over her payment in a hallway of the Caribe Hotel.
He first gave me this perplexed look and then proceeded to provide his advice. I was waiting for some magical words of wisdom but none really came. His response was something to the effect of “tilt your head to the side and jump on one leg”. Wow!
Marisol de la Cadena — Professor of Anthropology
Ginger wine (optional or you can also use rice wine), 1 tablespoon
The Lucky One (2008)*
But I also know you hated being fussed over, and you'd be downright irritable if I moped around because of you, so I'll carry on as I always have.
We had lunch at Nayong Filipino Fast Food restaurant, a tiny hole-in-the-wall place. Tony ordered a lunch plate of adobo pork, chorizo, rice, and noodles to share, as well as vegetable and pork lumpias. Yum! I think the adobo pork was the best of the meal. The area has lots of restaurants to choose from. A longer vacation is needed.
I love this insert set, featuring all the World Series programs. The goal is to get all of the ones in which the Dodgers played in the World Series. But I couldn't resist these. My brother -- the Red Sox fan -- owned the '86 program.
I have realised she's actually singing, “Chanson Da Moo.” This thought leads me nowhere.
Anna behaved like an angel for most of the day. That is, until 30 seconds prior to meeting Santa. Core melt-down time began, and mommy stress was through the roof. I can’t say as I blame my child. I mean, we were there for two hours before we got to see Santa. She had played on every toy, begged for every piece of candy in the store, ran around and had her fun. Since she takes after me when she gets hungry, my sweet child turns into Sybil on speed.
One on the kids favorite breakfast is pancakes. When they are topped with some colorful fruit syrup, the joy is doubled. They enjoy it and as a parent we fell good the our little one had eaten something good.
Weaver, playing the role of Lidia, transforms into a variety of different women, including the daughter of the captain of the Titanic. Critics proclaimed her the "principal attraction" of the unusual play. "She begins in pigtails and tiny skirt as a sexy Shirley Temple and ends as a predatory black widow in deep decolletage," said Times critic Mel Gussow.
“That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard in my life!” yelled Arik, thoroughly outraged.
Got this she wolf appetite that keeps me up all night (She Wolf? Is this the an alter ego for Shakira / Her dark side of possession?)
That’s when I feel bad — for people with ears.
Is your pace steady?
I hope the blog might be of interest to some out there who are already or contemplating making a similar journey.
Use that CM’s mandate dad nepotistically gave to END APARTHEID, send delegations to UN to end apartheid not flounder around being all ‘CM’mish’. VIPs are only VIPs by what they do. What are you doing about 2nd class citizenships in Malaysia? Nothing? WTF are you doing in Dewan otherwise especially without a quorum to justify your CM’s post? Speak on APARTHEID or be a KTK II. Equality only!
The feminist movement introduced an unbelievable amount of tension into the relationships between men and women. Feminism gave us women permission to nag and criticize our husbands, which most women can do just fine without any special permission. The legacy of the feminist movement has been to turn the home, which should be the place of cooperation, into a sphere of competition between men and women. And ironically, feminism, which was supposed to be about getting beyond stereotypes, supported the most negative of stereotypes about men.
Best Music:
During his time as a student at Walthamstow College of Art (1959-63), Ian also taught in local schools. It was at Culverhouse Secondary Modern School in South Ockendon that he met fellow teacher Gordon Law. Fuelled by a diet of jazz and poetry, Ian and Gordon would fantasise about making improvised radio shows and films. The Goons were an influence, as was Richard Lester’s The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film (1959), featuring Spike Milligan and Peter Sellers.
Unfortunately, you’ll have to always ensure that they are “happy” with you and the opportunity, as if he/she isn’t at any point, it’s very likely that he/she will jump ship to the next opportunity, which is what generally happens if “good” salespeople are poorly managed. But this is great to know in advance.
* Locating constellations, comets and observation is much easier with binoculars, as you can get a lot of sky in a hurry.
Krokowski -- psychoanalysis -- 16: "I, for one, have never in my life come across a perfectly healthy human being."
Thank you so much for dropping by!
Watching them, I found myself thinking a lot about God and His love for us. He has a bottomless supply of patience, too. With all of us. Even those of us who can be quite challenging.
Without further ado, Mr. Think walked into the middle of the ad hoc auditorium unbidden. He smiled and greeted his people and started speaking with the tone of an entertaining yet earnest story teller:
I was happy I read it out of order regardless because you already know that the first two women have happy endings and are continued through the series. This book makes me want to pick up the first two books as the last one wraps up the series perfectly.
Her mother looked first at the boy, then at the girl, put the car in gear and moved off, leaving him behind.
This night was mine, to be set fully free
So followers forgive me if I go over the top on the !!!!! but be thankful you are not listening to me as that can be so much worse!
Africa could solve the problem itself and this needed to be driven strongly by the South African government and the continent's bloc, with immediate action needed.
On Tuesday, Brian took a half day and I met him in the city for lunch, a walk, some beer, basically a date. We had lunch at the Belgium Cafe, owned and operated by the people from Monk's Cafe in Center City. Monk's is known as one of the best beer bars in the world. I kid you not. The food was quite tasty but my jury is still out on our waitress. She brought some unclean cutlery so we sent it back. When she returned with supposedly new knives, she took a look at a knife then wiped it across her butt and placed it next to my plate. I really wanted to say, "You know I'm right here right?"
An Afghan man who fled from the Taliban to begin a new life in Australia will spend the next 14 years behind bars after a judge rejected his claim that cultural differences had led to him raping a woman.
I Made my way down to the Ratway and snuck inside. Up ahead was a flickering light, and I could hear two voices arguing. I drew my bow and moved forward silently. I dropped the first s’wit with my bow before he could even understand what had happened. When his friend came running, I grabbed my longswords and charged in straight at him. The fool was blundering about his weapon, and I made short, messy work of him. Just in case, I grabbed both of the bodies, looted them, and then dragged them into the campfire to burn. Smelly rats…”
The receptionist had identified her, and the doctor – this time a woman more of her age – gestured to Martha to accompany her. Swallowing her fear, because fear only led to sleepless nights which led to dark, saggy eyes, Martha rose and strode across the waiting area to the room the woman had indicated, eyes fixed firmly on door in front of her. Before the doctor could follow she had sat herself in the chair opposite the desk and silently prayed she didn’t look like the woman brought in for bad news.
Kallie proceeded to email me the application along with lots of other information. And I immediately made my little Covenant Kids binder with sheet protectors and labels! I like to nerd things up whenever possible.
Reaching Badrinath easy with the Rishikesh railway station situated 300 kms from here and Kotdwar station at 327 kilometers from the pilgrim. One can also reach Badrinath by road as it is well connected with Rishikesh, Haridwar, Dehradun, Kotdwar and other hill stations of Garhwal and Kumaon region.
When asked about the future of the unit, De Caire told the Spectator: “Project Rescue is a one-year pilot and we will be reporting back to the ministry with our results, analysis and comment.”
laid a substantial foundation for them to move forward.
So how do we relate this back to everyday life?
Puree everything together and you have a persilade. Smell the green summer paste. Chances are you will want to have it just like that. Make slices all over the lamb/chicken/fish.Liberally salt the insides of the butterflied leg of lamb (or the thigh/ breast of the chicken OR all over the ribs OR the haddock cubes). Slap the insides of the butterflied leg of lamb (or the thigh/ breast of the chicken OR all over the ribs OR the haddock cubes)with the persilade. Wrap the meet like a sandwich. Just flip one side over the other. FOr ribs and fish of course you don't have to do this. Salt and persilade the upper surfaces of the meet sandwich.
Hackins Hey, for example, was a quaint by-way in Liverpool with small shops dating from the 18th century. But to planners and councillors it was only history and so it was destroyed overtime for a railway station that was not built. What little remains of Liverpool’s unique character and community spirit is still under threat. In 2005, the government issued a directive to destroy 20,000 habitable homes in Liverpool (and thousands more elsewhere), to be replaced by largely executive-style homes beyond the economic reach of dispossessed locals. Whole Liverpool neighbourhoods are still being flattened and their often unwilling communities compulsorily dispersed.
Temperatures and humidity soared from cool, moist 60's to the high 90's. Ticks and mosquitoes are out in droves, making gardening more of a chore than bliss.
Mark and I have recently planned a trip to Aruba. We were going to wait until March to leave, but Mark isn't exactly a patient man. He wants what he wants--NOW! Besides, he gets a little antsy in the winter, as this recent post has shown, and this will give us a great break from the cold, dreary monotony of the Chicago winter that keeps us cooped up in the house and bored.
*The Yellow Wall-Paper by Charlotte Perkins Gilman. To be perfectly honest, though I'd heard of this on occasion in the past, I really had no clue whatsoever what it was about. For some reason, even with a lack of knowledge, it scared me. Until Ana's review. After reading that, I knew this was a definite must-read! (It was also a reminder of how ridiculous it is to be afraid of books I don't know anything about...like one should need a reminder of something so basic.) POINT FOR ANA.
In the back
Rio
Before I start sounding like someone with a geriatric fetish, there are a million areas that are just out of bounds: and what’s funny is that they are kept out of bounds by the same people who say that there are no new ideas.
I have to go on
DOES it make any difference at all whether you read Wasted or not? Will it make you think differently? Will that be a good thing or not?
The Afghan interpreter managed to drive the stolen car over the very ramp where Panetta was set to arrive. The secretary was soon diverted to another ramp.
(And let's pre-empt this right now. No, Mom. I'm not going to start gambling with real money and bankrupt myself and J. Because, yes, I know that is WRONG. Plus, it's FAKE money, not REAL.)
Also add-on sales can be as easy as mailing out to existing customers. The hitrate will be lower but the effort will be minimal for the cash earned. If you have big customers / few customers then going there with the purpose of add-on sales is not frowned up on but actually expected. In this way you will do a customer satisfaction meeting and having the opportunity to expand and deepen your cooperation with the customer and even develop new products for said customer.
The next step is to thread some gingham ribbons through for the handles to give it a bit of a rustic feel.
It has never been the same
Some nights we would wander if in search of adventure, usually ending up at our favorite Korean karaoke place, the Kenny Rogers Music House. A minivan-sized photo of Kenny Rogers enticed customers into the establishment, which on the inside was decorated like a mall's "Santa's workshop" display, except with a good dozen Pokemon statues. This was Korea, and it was awesome.
The justice ministry’s competition strategy makes clear that the nine jails being put out to tender out of 136 prisons in England and Wales are only a first wave. The public sector is expected to win some of the bids.
Sunday, October 18th, is Daffodil Day in Kensington.
Those in the business chasing career fame, glory and riches are sometimes able to get there much quicker if they are the architects of something brand new. The whole awards shebang compounds this situation as what's new is often more rewarded than what's familiar.
On Sunday we went to the Ceramic Showcase at the Convention center in Portland. Saw some inspiring work! Off to Long Beach, Washington after that, taking Hwy 30 along the Columbia River to Astoria. It was a lovely, leisurely drive on a perfect sunny day. Our destination was the Adrift Hotel on the beach at Long Beach. The hotel was recently remodeled using the eco-friendly up-cycling ideas. I think that crates screwed to the walls for shelving is not very creative. Reminded me of using orange crates back in the day for our bookshelves. The hotel provided free use of beach bikes (for two hours). Off we went for 1 1/2 hour along the asphalt path through the beach grass. We attempted a ride on the packed sand, but the resistance of the sand, as well as riding into the wind, proved too much for us.
Standing firmly before my foe,
So there you go, if you needed some inspiration on how to match a pair of Envoy shoes. Send us how you match your Envoy shoes! We’d love to check it out.
I'm not sure if I've mentioned before but he is a serious groper. He gets very angry with me if I stop his busy hand from rubbing and running anywhere he can reach. This is a BIG issue for me. I've been working with him on it since he was 7 or 8 months old and am not having much luck. Any time I have worn a nursing necklace, he has beaten me with it, so this hasn't helped. I usually have to wear a tank top under a long sleeved shirt to limit his access. Why the trouble you ask? Because the sensation is SO uncomfortable for me on SO many levels. It gives me MAJOR heebie jeebies and always has. It's just too much touch on sensitive skin all at once for me and I find myself gritting my teeth just to get through it.
When I was with Allesandro, I was never taken care of and he had a way of kicking me down with his words. This dinner and movie bit was great because I got answers and in a way I realized I am over him when deep down I always wondered. The attraction is definitely still there on both ends, but there’s the “been there done that” phenomenon that sweeps in to chaperone the evening to leave you realizing that the closeness you feel is only that of familiarity.
Meanwhile Mr. Stomach is growing hoarse and finally just flops over on his tattered sofa under the chute that always spews a putrid ooze. And he’s so far away and so far on the bottom floor that Lord Brain doesn’t hear him until it’s too late. The basement is trashed, rotten garbage is trickling though the doorways, and he is completely pushed past his capacity.
Why those styles?
Gemma Halliday, Cindy M. Hogan, Elizabeth Spann Craig, Nova Ren Suma, Elisa Ludwig, and Anne R. Allen... Just to name a few!
The key thing is to recognize you made a mistake and try to make progress.
Research has indicated that consumers want greater speed, smoothness and ease of writing than they can find in a traditional ballpoint, but without the smear that is common with a gel pen.
My ex left when my daughter was 13 and my son 14. I felt abandoned as a parent. I didn’t know how I was going to manage two teenagers on my own and all the chores. I panicked at the thought. Every time I had a struggle with one of them for whatever reason I felt bitter resentment build toward my ex for leaving me alone to deal.
The Guardian Scholars Program provides comprehensive support to foster youth completing a GED, achieving an Associate’s Degree or certificate program, or transferring to a four-year institution. McPartlin says a number of students have already visited his office with concerns about how they will now pay for school.
The Bang Bang Club was the name given to four young photographers; Greg Marinovich (Ryan Phillippe), Kevin Carter (Taylor Kitsch), Ken Oosterbroek and Joao Silva, whose photographs captured the final bloody days of white rule in South Africa. Two were awarded Pulitzer Prizes for their acclaimed work. The film tells the remarkable and sometimes harrowing story of these young men - and the extraordinary extremes they went to in order to capture their pictures. Anna (Malin Akerman) is their photo-editor, who looked out for them, protected them and made sure their photographs were seen across the world.
It may seem like such a simple thing to make me so overly jubilant. But through the adoption journey, the smallest blessing from God can be the largest source of joy. They remind us that He is writing our story. Suddenly our path doesn't seem so long... our destination not so far away.
The photographs extend his Four Horseman of the Apocalypse series. Again, we have isolated figures in stadiums on basketball courts, but unlike the video work which has a creepy, spectral feel, the figures in the photographs take on sort of prophetic magnitude. With the crowd trained on them, they appear as figures with answers. The best photo work of the show is of a child, born aloft and focused upon by spectators and cameras. In reality, this must be the son of a star basketball player. In Pfeiffer’s world, the little boy’s presence is amped and exalted like a golden calf.
Steep your life in God-reality,
And so when he focuses on his classes ~ which he LOOOVES ~ and when he has plans
Green onions or chives
In years past, I gather, Bossman would regularly ditch the old machinery to keep the fleet svelte. Clearly, the dive in business has delayed or cancelled his plans in that area. Trouble is that the competition - there are two or three good other outfits around now - are all running the 'L' model Lincoln Town Cars. With an extra six inches in back seat legroom, wider opening rear door and a raft of other specialized limousine features, these cars kill the standard models we drive. Especially as The Boss charges our clapped out crates at around the same money.
Perhaps the questions need time to reduce on my mental backburner, much like a sauce cannot be rushed but allow to simmer away, one ingredient slowly blending into another until they are one in the same and inextricable.
Ugh, Monday.
Divide and conquer
Best Actor BENEDICT CUMBERBATCH AND JONNY LEE MILLER for Frankenstein at the Olivier
Subtract a quarter inch at each seam for each piece of fabric. There are four seams and two pieces of fabric losing a quarter inch at each seam.
that a 20 minute nap can save your life...
Disclaimer: This post might get a little nerdy about electricity and such. Also, I am not an electrical engineer so I make no claims as to the accuracy of any statement in this post!
Trying to have your first baby after the age of 35 is dangerous and often unsuccessful and the risk for birth defects skyrockets. This is a well known medical fact and one that feminism likes to ignore in favour of encouraging women to pursue careers so that they might be “equal” to men.
The set up: Mr. Feitelbaum, the head of the family that is largely the subject of Gross' Nize Baby comic (and book of the same name), encounters a scale that will refund his coin if he guesses his weight correctly. I remember there was a scale like this in my childhood hometown, Baton Rouge, Louisiana. I understand Mr. Feitelbaum's attraction to the wager. In the first panel, Gross draws a hilarious little dust cloud, a symbol from the cartooning lexicon meaning swift movement. His cloud is a lively scrawl. Even his drawing of the coin-op scale is funny, with the perspective as goofy as his character's speech and thinking. It's as if the visuals we see are all influenced by the nuttiness of the cross-eyed characters.
The Homeowner
What I did not realize was what a psychological and spiritual toll that stance had taken on me. To echo Casteneda’s Don Juan, I had not truly followed a path with heart, only one that seemed to be so, and any path other than one of heart is a curse.
Then barely into Georgia, I spent one night in a motel
Together we breathe
Loveliest of Trees
Regardless of my error, you’re getting the photo essay.
John and Sarah Smythe’s younger brother and sister – 10 and 13 year old Phillip and Leah – move from the Plymouth Colony to the new Massachusetts Bay Colony. In the process, they encounter a Narragansett Indian White Wolf, Roger Williams, and angry, bigoted townsfolk. The children deal with colonial life, the measles, leeching, Native American herbal medicine, apothocary tinctures, and “modern” medicine. Phillip’s best friend leaves for Salem, following Roger Williams, and Phillip works hard – really, really hard. I appreciated the Christian values, as well as the daily life portrayed. The feel of living in the Massachusetts Bay Colony was quite different from the the Plymouth Colony from the previous two books. I really appreciate the series, and I think it’s a valuable contribution to our unit so far.
SPIRITUALIZED - Sweet Heart Sweet Light
8 Heartbreak Radio
of the dining
A Censored Race War?
Being in pain 24/7 kind of messes with ones ability to think and concentrate, so I guess for the time being I will refrain from doing either! hah!
I think so many of my brothers and sisters in Christ are living out there in oppression, and it’s because they don’t know that they are or they don’t ask for help from the Lord to be free or they aren’t persistent.
Hypoglycemic, diuretic and hypocholesterolemic effect of winter cherry (Withania somnifera, Dunal) root.
"i started running..."
[L]et’s remember a key method by which China achieves its phenomenal growth: by systematically denying the civil and economic rights of its domestic population. Chinese workers have no meaningful union rights. They are paid pitifully low wages (averaging around $0.50 an hour in 2006), and have no hope of securing anything better. That’s a key way in which China’s export-manufacturing sector booms: low wages equal low costs, after all.
I love vintage, especially the 1940’s era. The hair, the clothes, the music all make up a little bit of a passion for me!
The other day we were eating chicken with rice. Many times we have steak with rice and we serve it with soy sauce. So Abby asked for soy sauce with her chicken and rice. Then she kept saying that she wanted "black chicken". We could not figure out what she wanted but finally decided that "black chicken" meant that she wanted "steak". We were all laughing - except for Abby who was disappointed that she couldn't have "black chicken"!<U+FEFF>
Ava's story, in which another unexpected - and utterly terrifying - vampire shows up. Ava was not one of the original teenagers camping together in Hungary and now she finds herself abandoned in Kosovo, without knowing why.
Corbett is full of such surprises, and delicious scares. Few wild experiences compare to the numb thrill of taking a narrow road, flanked by a gorge and a steep slope, at an hour when elephants do the traffic duty. Returning one late afternoon from Khinanauli (with special permission, due to an emergency), I was stared down by a mighty bull at 15 feet, who stood guard for what seemed an eternity while his herd climbed up from the river and walked across. No, this giant did not even mock charge, the chill his cold, composed eyes spread was enough.
Inspired by Dj Satomi
Other combinations have been Retribution + Skorne, Cryx (pAshpy) + Retribution, and Khador (Strakhov) with Cryx (Terminus I think). All battles were incredibly fun and with my Troll partner we decided to go straight to ass kicking. That we did, but Circle + Legion could sneak a caster kill victory from us in the middle of our face smashing. We’ll be better prepared next weekend.
In a moment's digression, disparate dispersion, he returns to thought, having shared all with the One who he knows no bounds for. On this mountain, in this place, of this moment. This is where I have been for as long as I've been writing these words.
Download your FREE pattern here:
She stopped intermittently to gather my pre cum on her finger and bring her coated finger to my nipple where she spread my nectar on the hard pink button and resumed her suckling, this time licking my precum from my nipple. She continued this cycle of collecting, spreading and sucking for a long time. I really couldn’t tell how long as I was lost in a delirium of smoldering desire.
Here it is, as it appeared in the book:
In time, Farmer Fleming’s son graduated from St. Mary’s Hospital Medical School in London, and went on to become known throughout the world as the noted Sir Alexander Fleming, the discoverer of Penicillin.
Finally, the sheer distribution of income is against it: half of American workers earn less than $26,363.55 a year, which is why their income tax liability is zeroed out. The more conservatives try to push the income tax to the center of politics, the more public attention will focus on incomes – and that plays directly into the hands of OWS.
Court documents say Robert Bolden, currently on death row for murdering a bank security guard in Missouri, has Canadian citizenship. He was born to a Canadian woman in Newfoundland where his father was stationed with the U.S. air force. The family moved back to the U.S. when Bolden was a young child.
Doyle has a great eye for everything that his happening around him. When he goes to Japan for the World Cup 2002 (held jointly in South Korea and Japan) he describes the dour- faced Japanese policemen who have been told to expect soccer hooligans from England, instead, they are confronted hoardes of Irish fans, dressed as leprechauns and priests and are cheerily greeting the policemen who don't know what to make of the spectacle unfolding before their very eyes. Japanese fans, in contrast, are fairly subdued, what's more, soccer seems to be the sport of the young and the very young. The older Japanese folk do not follow soccer and were actually up in arms with the government for hosting the World Cup. Many were just plain scared of the foreigners arriving into their cities in large numbers and went out of their way to avoid them.
To end my post on early grief, I would just say, please don't tell me your sorry that I loss my baby. If you lost a child who was of an older age, I wouldn't say, "I'm sorry that you loss your teenager." You would have loss your son/daughter. I loss my son. A little boy that would have ran around with his brother's, rode bikes, ate pizza, played baseball, needed his boo boos to be kissed, blew out birthday candles, opened Christmas presents, went to his first day of Kindergarten, and would have run up to me and wrapped his arms around my legs saying, " I love you mommy." The loss is endless.
Felt Hearts: K & Company
Of course it didn't go without a slight problem. Nothing is ever straight forward at Chez Sunshine.
I: Allegro non troppo (1-3) ~ II: Andante,un poco adagio (4-5) ~ III: Scherzo (6-7) ~ IV: Finale: Poco sostenuto - Allegro non troppo (8-10)
Wednesday, 05 December 2007
after finding out that a bunch of my co-workers aka my best friends would not be coming back to work this summer, my yoga class was much needed to calm me down from the mini freak out I was having. (buying new gym sneakers also helped calm me down….. I am a strong believe in retail therapy…. but yoga has more lasting benefits!)
Flower-Corsano Duo, You'll Never Work In This Town AgainNo duo is doing more cathartic free jazz/rock right now.
Let's look at Granny again.
The Federal election is days away and we have worked with the Canadian Conference for the Arts to ensure a coordinated effort through a Common Arts Election Platform. Please vote!
So when these guys got ratted out, and busted...well, they had a crazy response to this crazy law. Read on...
Works Cited
*Province – just think of it as a very large State, a la the US
$120
However, popcorn should not replace fresh fruits and vegetables in a person's diet, they added. Fruits and vegetables contain vitamins and other nutrients that are critical for good health, which are missing in popcorn.
Brenda Ann Burke / Detachments / 136
trying to say something categorically meaningful about how IP plays itself out in that most elusive of places, "the real world." This has once again become acute as this Kat works on an article on one of his IP fascinations--sublicensing. In particular, we have been wrestling with the question of "why do people engage in sublicensing"? We can discourse about how to define sublicensing, what is its legal rationale and what are its most distinctive contractual elements. But all of these considerations rest on the fact, as this Kat's anecdotal experience confirms, that the sublicensing of IP rights is a wide-spread phenomenon. If so, how can this Kat get its "IP paws" around that most simple of questions--"why do people engage in sublicensing"?. As with so many deceptively simple questions, the answer is both multi-layered and multi-faceted. Set out below is our first feline stab at offering an answer.
“Humans were made to look, listen and feel.”
I find this particularly refreshing because I grew up in Taiwan and moved to the deserts of Arizona when I was a teenager. I remember landing at the airport in Tucson and feeling the eyes of half of the terminal staring at me and my family. Eventually I got used to being the only person in my school who didn’t speak English (yet), the only Asian kid in my class, and just generally sticking out like a sore thumb. A few years later when I arrived in San Francisco to go to college, standing at the luggage terminal, I felt an odd comfort. For the first time in a long time, absolutely nobody was staring at me.
6. Its a good, healthy way to vent. Granted, you shouldn't focus on that person you don't like, or that vendor that screwed you over forever, but it is good (and healthy!) to get things off your chest. It is like your own little support group! Also, when posting about vendors, you can warn people if they are bad, and sing their praises if they are good.
THE 2 DOORKEEPERS COME TO MIND ON THE 17TH DAY OF THE 2ND MONTH
Emma Waine's beautiful abstract piece, Indian Details. She's our youngest artist, fearless, and very much a rising star. . . .
Thank you to everyone who took the time to visit, read, comment or follow me during the A-Z challenge :) I've had great fun. All of the entries can be read by clicking on the A-Z Challenge 2012 tag below.
The Liebster Award (German for favorite) is for bloggers with 200 followers or less. As a recipient of the award, you have the chance to thank and link back to the blogger who gave it to you as well as pass it along to five other deserving blogs.
The dog doesn’t like when this happens. He has taken it upon himself to be the chief ridder of turkey vultures (among other varmints) on the property. They have to roost somewhere, but they can roost somewhere else as far as he’s concerned.
Last month, the U.S. Marshals Service removed all the federal agency’s inmates from Orleans Parish jails, citing concerns about poor (!) conditions. Gusman gets paid per diem for U.S. Marshal prisoners. That’s more money out of his budget. With the HOD closing, that’s more per diem money out of his pocket.
But Henry has a big deal secret life. In the room he rented, he was making glorious and huge paintings. Many of these were about an imagined war between different kingdoms and the suffering of children.
There is a FANTASTIC prize package waiting for you! All you have to do to be eligible is...
Under the Big Top 4500308
In the story Kate, along with her sister Georgia, has moved to Paris from America to live with her grandparents after her parents were killed in an accident. Kate is a quiet girl who spends a lot of time alone reading and is still coming to terms with the loss of her parents. Georgia, however, deals with things in a different way – she is outgoing and has a great social life. It is Georgia who suggests that Kate should leave the house to do her reading so that she might actually meet people, when Kate takes her advice and meets the handsome Vincent she has no idea how much her life is about to change.
Power has almost identical effects to cocaine and too much of it can produce too much dopamine leading to more negative effects such as arrogance and impatience.
If you are stopping by from Seeds of Faith's iFellowship, Hello to You and Welcome to Girlfriends Get Real.
1 pound sea scallops, patted dry
Serve with fries and salad or coleslaw and bread. Or as a crunchy topping for a homemade kebab, with hummous, chilli sauce, salad and pitta bread. Enjoy!!
Lords of the New Church was soon after.
There used to be a small independent bookstore in my town but that closed too, a devastating loss to the community. I think it’s a horrible situation, are the only bookstores on-line now? That seems sad to me.
Letter writing seems to be a lost art. I remember my grandmother writing lots of letters to family and friends who lived far away. I remember my older sister buying scented stationary to send love letters to her boyfriend. All of which it seems, is becoming a lost art. I know that letter writing is still taught in schools. Yet in the real world, outside of school, how often are kids exposed to the fancy penmanship of a handwritten letter? Perhaps on occasion. Maybe not at all. Don't get me wrong, technology has it's place, and I can barely function when there's a problem with my computers, or there's a power outage, or the $300 bulb on my Smart Board goes out, in my classroom. However, I feel a bit of sadness at the idea that letter writing may become a thing of the past. So many boys and girls, will never know the thrill of running to the mailbox in anticipation of a letter J-u-s-t F-o-r T-h-e-m.
I had to laugh, sadly. The Thomas Kinkade National Archives made me chortle with incredulity while simultaneously making my stomach turn. (It is a hope of mine that The Painter of Light will disappear into history with the passing of our generation. At least Disney tried to infuse his view of what our saccharine world should be with a bit of humor, and I can't even imagine Uncle Walt establishing his own National Archive in his own lifetime...but I digress.)
This is the longest pregnancy in history.
performance quality: A (it's tull in Boston)
if you want the extra calories.
In the case of a life - the same is true.
I must admit I have not been indulging in my weekly facials as I would like.
"The rest next time"--"It is next time!"
Over The Edge acknowledges the ongoing generous financial support of Galway City Council and The Arts Council.
For the design, I wanted to use the Jewel Stones die's... so I cut them out using Shrink plastic, inked them thru the template and then shrunk them down using my heat gun! Then I inked a bit more to get the look I wanted, and wrapped them with wire to look like jewlery! String them onto a chain and it was a real unique acent for this page! Funky... just like the photo! LOL!
Steph and Karim have these awesome mugs from Nelson, BC (HOME!!!). And every year they always pick them up from Jan Formby. She has such awesome mugs and pottery, I am so bummed I haven’t gotten one myself. But not to worry, once I head home I will definitely get one. You can check them out on her website: Red Moon Gallery. LOVE EVERYTHING on here.
They speak against corporate greed, social inequality, global climate change and other concerns. But they are growing in numbers, getting more organized and showing no sign of quitting.
-Why I can’t wait to go home but I really don’t want to leave London
Boil noodles in H2O with a little sal de mer and a few drops of oil for no more than 5 minutes. Immediately rinse with cool H2O. Drain well. Dribble a little oil over noodles and mix. Cool in fridge.
According to the U.S. Department of Transportation Bureau of Transportation Statistics, the average fuel efficiency of U.S. passenger cars in the year 2006 was 22.4 miles per gallon. The official energy statistics from the U.S. Government’s Energy Information Administration, as of 06/30/08, puts the average price per gallon of gasoline in the U.S. at 409.5 cents per gallon or, in other words, .095 per gallon.
NOTE: But charge Joshua, and encourage him, and strengthen him: for he shall go over before this people, and he shall cause them to inherit the land which thou shalt see. Deuteronomy 3:28
Hope you have a happy heart today!
- boiled noodles (I used spaghetti because that’s what we had but penne would be better for this)
1. Kill this marathon tomorrow,
24. Yellow Rose Of Texas
3. Let steep at least 24 hours before serving.
Want to continue reading? Click on the title below to download
76 The Bell Jar – Sylvia Plath
Until next time....Happy Stampin'!
“Yes, some economic measures could be taken but … this is not an automatic decision, but only an indication, depending on how the resolution is implemented,” Lavrov said.
A potentially deadly bacteria, Escherichia coli O157:H7 is a strain of the bacterium Escherichia coli which causes foodborne illness. The infection often leads to bloody diarrhea, dehydration and occasionally to kidney failure, especially in young children, the elderly and persons with weak immune system.
I guess it's time I started posting pictures.
I broke up with him during the time I am in love with him. I called it quits not because I doubted his love for me, rather my whims of a relationship had not been fed. What’s worse to think now is, I loved him much more even the both of us were already apart.
don’t be predictable, confusion buys time
multiple values Typically rhythmic-melodic speech in a hebephrenic schizophrenic; Ecstatically emotive artificial language in a chronic paranoid; Sonorous artificial language (Schizophrenia); Sitting with 'Betty', rec. London, 1987
“You know what, sometimes I think what the police actually does, after something like this happens. They haven’t done much about that shooting. They still don’t know how connected Ankur and Varuna are. And there is no way that one can, sort of, tip them off…. Weird. I wouldn’t want my death to be interrogated by these people….” And with a sudden sly grin, Jeremy added, “Actually Karan, would you like to have the honour of investigating my death?”
In the end, the trip cost us less than we expected it to, and we managed to get it home without any major hassle. It was a good night for the trip!
Several audience members have tentatively voiced their concerns, and even more have openly decried Jackson’s decision. It’s too crisp, too bright. Monty Cristo, however, described the preview in a slightly more positive light. “The cinematic filter between the action and the audience is dissolved in favor of a more immediate lens on the world of the movie,” he said.
Dyanne: It was funny cause I thought we were just going to this club in Los Angeles to discuss business. I hadn’t put two and two together about the fact that we were going to meet the guy that my friend was trying to set me up with. When I met Howard, we just hit it off right away, but we were both very busy. I was going out of town to do stage work. He was going out of town to perform his musical act. But we stayed in touch, we wrote letters to each other for over a year every week. We got married not long after that, and we’ve been together ever since.
Another interesting panel covered Publicity, Reviewing & Social Media. Panelists shared what's worked for them (or their clients), and pointed out that 30 minutes a day, in 10 minute intervals was enough time to spend with social networking. The new terms of service for Pinterest came up, and it was recommended as the new big thing. (I'm not going there yet). Social media should be used for name recognition, not promotion.
Embellished the letters randomly with more black rhinestones. Easy project and the best part is everything was already on hand!
For the previous month, Bahrainis have succeeded in getting several hashtags to trend worldwide. In their latest attempt, they wanted to address Formula 1, the famous car race organiser, to cancel their race in Bahrain in protest against the regime's violations against human rights. The race is scheduled to be held from April 20 to 22, 2012.
$26.00 Lawn Ticket Available – May 7 – Day of Show
ascend in the air
It’s that time of year again…for award show nominations!
#14 – The Five Heartbeats
Then there was Dr. Sumner Jackson. As the chief medical director of the American hospital, he tended to the sounds of thousands of French, American and British during the war. But his greatest contribution was in hiding many of the military men, shot down, who made their way to the hospital, until they could be helped back to England to fight again.
As I briefly pondered if it was a wise choice to blow $40 on a book when I’m trying so hard to go paperless at home, I realized the tome was a little piece of inspiration to take home with me and representative of not just what I love about books, but what I love about the Met. Just as the Brothers Grimm discovered, there truly are stories all around us – some from the past, some of the moment and some to be created, but they are there for us to explore… or escape in — if we open ourselves up to them. Perhaps, beyond ancient scrolls and priceless works of art, this concept was the real takeaway from our day at the Met: go there and let your imagination take you wherever you want to go; clearly a lesson not just for a fifth grader.
Think. What would he do if it were him? He’d go south—north was suicide, but—he didn’t know, he didn’t know Benjamin. Who did? Nothing is good for my parents, he’d said—he didn’t seem to even care that Paris wouldn’t be bombed—
We are all Made to Worship; to experience and live lives of love, obedience and surrender to God that flow from our relationship with Him. This is what worship is really all about.
Read from my Mt TBR Pile of Doom
He said that it's because the Irish feel very close to their history, and the O'Neills were great fighters against the English and are cherished for it to this day.
Of course, none of this is convincing to Protestants who made up their theological minds before consulting Scripture. Once people do that, cries for basing everything on Holy Writ become basically meaningless exercises in polemics. Scripture should mold us, not the other away around. At the very least, for this Article to say that Purgatory is repugnant to scripture is simply wrong. You can argue that maybe these verses do not support the doctrine of Purgatory, but the Bible never clearly says Purgatory is a repugnant doctrine unto the Lord. At best, it is a stalemate.
(2) What is the product or service?
devoured with passion, enjoyed with a fervor
First off I want to thank Mark for letting me give away one of his awesome books. You rock! Second. Thanks for everyone who played along, and to my new followers :D
David said he’s been hearing about the Day of Rage in his city, and is being asked about it by concerned citizens.
5. Legend Of A Mind
Both women were gorgeous then and equally gorgeous today when Lindsay was presented a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
2 basin
There was an awkward silence, and then reluctantly she said, “Okay.”
You know, one of my favorite parts of driving home for any break is the number of SAU people I get to see on the expressway. Fun times. It’s fun to see who they all are.
There is a prayer, popularly known as the serenity prayer, that goes, “Lord, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.” I’ll be teaching that particular devotion to the tribe early and often.
Misery is what anarchism condemns
cook for around 35 mins ( mine took over a hour due to my tin and its still soft in the middle)
Are contests a good use of my time and lint-covered quarters? Does anyone ever really win? Do new writers ever have a chance? As with everything, it depends on what you’re after and how many quarters you can scrounge. To win takes lots and lots of patience.
What is the perfect storm of drunkenness? When the NCAA basketball tournament meets St. Patrick’s Day meets SXSW and the result is swirling shit storm of drunks blowing through downtown Austin. (Not that there is anything wrong with this).
The metal mercury.
In the 192 page companion book – “Landscapes of the Abys”, White begins with the thought that art is the language of the soul. This has never been more evident than in this deck! Part of White’s intentions with this book are to reveal the glorious paths that run through the iconography, the history, and the innovations in the Tarot. She speaks of the Major Arcana as originating in the Middle Ages, in one of the most artistically creative times in all of humanity. That it is a universal key that can be used to write the powerful name of every single thing, including God. The Minor Arcana are seen as the poetry written with the alphabet of the Major Arcana, and are seen to be every bit as important. White sees a perfect symmetry between the two – one representing the world of spirit, the other the corporeal world.
After today’s success, we’ll be holding more campaign days very soon to make sure Boris is kicked out of City Hall on May 3rd!
Gardening is a wonderful hobby to share with your children. You do not need to dedicate a huge amount of space and if you live in an apartment you can even use containers or window boxes.
His long maintained association with Doctor Who is surpassed only by that of Carole Ann Ford, William Russell and Nicholas Courtney.
Get your copy as Exclusive Pre-release on :
Another thing you need to do is to practice all techniques of clear and effective writing at all times. Never beat around the bush. Your readers don’t have time for flowery words that don’t mean anything at all. Get your point across in each sentence you draft. They will be highly grateful for that.
After a lecture on the brain development which I attended in the library last evening, I was speaking to a 47 year old man from the audience who had a 20 year old son. This nice man named William, was telling me how disappointed he was that his son was decided not to attend college. He said that it was "his dream" that his son did not make the same mistake he had.
Evening follows on your name
The recipe said to add all ingredients, stir and then cook for about 3 hours and continue to stir.... occasionally! Easy peasy!
Now this also means that we're going to be using scaled measurements here - I gotta do it in school, so might as well make it a habit of doing in real life! So bust out your digital scales!
Total weight gain: -.5 (I don’t really know how I lost weight. I’m attributing it to the fact that my preggo body seems to only want foods that are at least semi healthy – I haven’t wanted peanut butter m&ms, cookies, or chocolate in weeks)
A friend mentioned doing the Master Cleanse together because we both have been complaining about lacking direction in life, being fustrated with men and being tired of being sick and tired. I thought about it, and honestly deciding not to eat for 7 days actually did appeal to me.
1 tsp hot water
Daunted, drenched by nine.
And here they are laid out on my aunts table. I was in such a rush making these that they were barely cooled when I threw them in the car to Bahsten. So I had to take some pics after I gave them to her. I see room for improvement...but overall, not bad for my first try right?!
ironing board, fold the remaining half of the binding so that it encases the raw edge. At this point, depending on the length of the seam, you may want to use a few pins to hold the folded over edge in place. You may not need to, however, because this stuff irons beautifully!
Mars Magic by Wold Top Brewery (261.7 miles away), is a 4.6% dark bitter. Dark amber in colour with a smallish creamy off-white head. Heavy dark roasted aromas with hints of coffee, and very earthy. There are lots of hefty roasted malts in the flavours, with an almost smokiness and an abundance of dark fruits possibly raisins, and figs. Much heaver than the previous two beers, with much richer flavours – definitely recommended.
Hour 2 (3pm)
Pour evenly into pie plate.
Cravings I couldn't resist: Beer!
Here is a translation I found from google search for the mind blowing lyrics by kavignar Kannadasan. Planning to watch the digitized version of this film that is soon to be re-released.
But, have you had your probiotics today?
Once beyond the rock salt corridor, the sound quickly diminished into funereal silence. Casting her oil lamp high revealed a vast chamber of unknown dimensions beyond her little circle of light. The floor was of mosaic tile, so ancient and dust covered as to be completely indecipherable. Occasional columns of the same mosaic rose up into the darkness overhead.
Tony Stark: Uh… genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist…
You're surrounded by lies right now aren't you? Deceit, misplaced desire and fat lies?
I know, I know... I'm freakishly obsessed with Wicked. I simply can't help it. Sorry if it bugs you or if you're getting tired of my incessant ranting. But, as promised, here's the scoop on Roberta Valentini.
I only had to let the stuff dry for 5 minutes, so next I was immediately onto THE BEST PART!! We have lots of leftover Old Master's Wiping Stain in Dark Walnut from when we stained our original farmhouse soft maple hardwood floors this past Fall - so we used up another can of that on this table!
What I will highlight below is just a sampling of the errors and sleight of hand deployed by Bob Sungenis in the defense of his neo-geocentrism. I hope you’ll begin to see the patterns so you can more easily spot these ploys if you run across them in his writings again. Just ask yourself this question. Is this someone who is really just “In this for the truth”, or is this someone who will say anything in order to win an argument?
As fully documented in Dr Emil Besetzny's book Sphinx (1873), however, the most outstanding case must surely be the creation of ten living homunculi in a mere five weeks, accomplished by two Austrian alchemists from the late 16th Century - Count Johann Ferdinand von Kufstein and Abbé Geloni.
How to Catch a Rabbit is a new play about a group of urban Gypsies living in south-east London. We join Stan, Nell, Cass and Sonya as Eric returns to the council-run site. Through their eyes we experience the suffocating encroachment of the state. With live music composed by Shou Jie Eng, you are pulled into the dark and desperate world of Nettlebeck. An exciting and brave confrontation between generations, between cultures, between dogs and their prey. You are the gawja … can you catch a rabbit? Inspired by one of the LSE‘s founders, George Bernard Shaw, The Revolving Shed draws its name from the revolving hut at the end of the garden in which Shaw penned some of his most famous dramatic works. Entirely student-produced and committed to original work, the company is dedicated to exploring the social sciences through theatre.
Jute in Natural
And enjoy! L xx
MRT Corp subsequently made an offer for Jalan Sultan property owners to vacate their premises for six months, and guaranteeing there would be no land acquisition, that any damage will be repaired and loss of income compensated.
How lucky, I thought, that she has that moment, where she is pretty enough and at least, at this time, has self-awareness of it. I think we probably all start out like that. Pretty enough. And I wonder when it is that we decide that we are no longer pretty enough. Is it school when we learn to compare oursleves to others? Hurtful things said by relatives? That first boy (or girl) who doesn't look our way?
A report says that children are growing up addicted to online porn. Unlike their parents who learned later in life through trial and error.
We need help...
Thank you, Rowan, for stopping in, and congrats, Kirsten, on the release!
Augustine was no one we knew or heard of. I knew nothing of church fathers. The Bible was all we had to go by. So when Jesus told Peter that he gave him the keys to the kingdom we understood it to mean that Peter had the keys to the kingdom of God.
I'm hoping this is just a phase and we grow out of it. Of course, he may grow out of it but I know we won't successfully make it unless I keep up with punishments and time outs.I'm open to suggestions from moms of boys who survived or are surviving the younger years.
Banana Cornmeal Pancakes are scrumptious!
Together with a cover of famous American singer Madonna’s ‘Like A Virgin’, 2NE1 performed 4 songs and were able to interact with their fans on a more intimate level.
1. Follow Jolts & Jollies through Google Friend Connect or RSS Feed
Lots going on... no time to stop and post on the blog... here are a few snapshots:
DUKE: What about that one?
There’s been so much chatter about it in the media that I almost felt reading the book would be superfluous – you know how when you watch a movie trailer and you figure you’ve just seen all the best parts? But I decided this was one time when it was worth seeing for myself what all the fuss was about.
What a poisoned box of candy that is.
Ice, ice, I tell you, not like the ice queen, but different, glorious ice that burns and freezes and removes all eases, The best ice and the worst ice,
*A patient went into a seizure right in the middle of talking to me. His wife lost her damn mind, too.
By Rima Bek, The Living Herald
21. Go to an arcade
when he was 8 years old,
Happy Thursday, lovelies!
Bill “Good night.”
If the portrait of Benjamin Franklin by Evert Duyckinick portrays a fatherly image, it is because this is the impression the artist is trying to capture, the wise and benevolent father. Penned by Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography, literally and metaphorically, is contextualized in a father-son interrelationship. The fact that this memoir is addressed to Franklin’s son, and that his much-advocated virtues of self-improvement, industry, and truthfulness originate from his father, evince the framework of the father-son interrelationship. Moreover, metaphorically, the fact that Franklin reaches heavenward (heavenly father) for a higher, moral perfection also supports this father-son interrelational framing of the text. The accounts of Franklin’s life in The Autobiography testify of the benefits he reaped by heeding to the teachings of his earthly father, as well as the blessings he received by abiding by the precepts of his heavenly father. Perhaps, what is most memorable is that Franklin, by writing The Autobiography, has tried to inculcate his private and public male progeny (his son and the sons of America) the characteristics of an admirable American man – the very virtues of Franklin himself.
4)That auditing and accounting functions are carried out by a scrutiny committee of 2 independent party members as well as independent professionals who have had to tender for the contract in order to secure the most competitive rate for Party
5. Wella Care and Styling Brilliance Shampoo – this is gold for my tresses. First, the shampoo has the best scent of any shampoo I’ve tested in years. It left my bathroom and hair smelling divine all day. More importantly, my hair was brilliant and full of body. You can buy this at your local Wella Professional Salon.
Portable displays.
Below: I rediscovered my childhood love for Zinnia's I have always loved their crayon like colors.
2, Add the carrots, squash and zucchini and season. Cook for about 3 to 4 minutes until soft and hot. Add the black beans, egg, paprika, parsley and oats.
Today was a big day of progress with Dinah. We began with grooming and then a hand walk. It had been raining and Dinah was kind of wet so I wanted her to dry before I put her saddle on. After the hand walk I worked on walking her all around the barn, led her through the barn, into a stall, on mats, concrete, I dragged a chair around while I was leading her, just trying to do all kinds of things to get her ready to handle the competition. Then I took her to the stair step, and practiced doing a turn on the forehand keeping her front feet on the first stair. It took a little work and patience but once she figured out what I wanted she was really good.
was the title of the conference,
The sad fact, that very little coverage is being given to the plight of Christians worldwide. According to latest polls, Obama gets favorable ratings for his foreign policy, yet this is what we have going on in Africa. I still have not gotten my head around what is going on down there. We are supporting who knows who, and it looks like the Christians are not the ones, according to the statements from one of Obama’s minions.
"Hey, I didn't know you had taken my picture," I said.
But the situation is really quite similar to the arrival of big box behemoths like Home Depot or Kmart. While many bemoan their presence, complaining of service and quality of product, many secretly appreciate the pricing, selection and hours.
Master Your Debt by Jordan E. Goodman with Bill Westrom ($24.95, John Wiley & Sons) offers lots of detailed advice, based on the latest laws and new government programs and policies. You will find a variety of strategies to rid yourself of debt, along with reliable source information such as toll-free numbers, websites, association and government agencies, and vetted companies and services to help you implement your plan to dig out from debt. Goodman has authored a dozen books and, for eighteen years, he was the Wall Street correspondent for Money magazine, as well as on television and radio. Westrom is a consumer advocate and veteran mortgage professional who has become a critic of the traditional banking system. From the same publishing company comes How to Run Your Business by THE BOOK: A Biblical Blueprint to Bless Your Business by Dave Anderson ($24.95, John Wiley & Sons) that will appeal to anyone raised with religious values. In a time when surveys tell us that only 45& of Americans are satisfied with their work, an all-time low since the study was begun in 1987, unhappiness on the job, says the author, has some very real consequences. “Unhappy employees are unhealthy employees—psychologically, emotionally, and sometimes even physically,” says the author. Inspiring and motivating workers is job number one says Anderson. He identifies the bad habits owners and managers can develop in bad times and he offers some good advice how to improve life for everyone from employees to customers.
In his book, D’Souza says “Atheistic educators are now raising the question of whether parents should have control of what their children learn.” And you and I know that in public schools parents are losing more and more control each and every year.
Not sure how this came to be, but it is certainly a new figure right out the packaging, and that type of packaging is not something you can open then close again without it being extremely noticeable.
Jesus brought me to this place. He gave me this door to walk through and this beautiful calling to be obedient in. You see, I was in the midst of almost moving to Tennessee for the 5th, or 7th or 23rd time, when God spoke to me on the Pearce's giant blue and white couch. He turned me at a crossroads that kept me in North Carolina and had me doing something quite different than I had envisioned.
Hubby is so agreeable, "you pack it, I'll move it" he says.
Looks awesome right?
Joy and peace grow out of humility, gratefulness, and communion with God. But all graces (love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control, and the like) are part of the fruit or evidence of the presence of the Holy Spirit in our lives and are ours because of God’s unfailing love.
08.Unnecassary War 04:14
Universal suffrage on a common voters roll in a united, democratic and non-racial South Africa is the only way to peace and racial harmony.
8. Say: (As for) the death from which you flee, that will surely overtake you, then you shall be sent back to the Knower of the unseen and the seen, and He will inform you of that which you did.
According to the Victorian government website, Listeria has a fatality rate as high as 30 per cent among at-risk people, who include the elderly, pregnant woman, babies and those with weakened immune systems.
Catelynn: "I love you."
Hello Thursday!! What does that mean in the cricut world... well, the third Thursday of each month is when Provocraft announces new cartridges, updates and more! So, Hello Thursday!!
Benue state collapsed on
The Fitness Retreat now offers:
Ever since I was in my 30’s I thought I had a book in the making about our relationship. The first working title was “When the old Bat dies”, but I kind of figured I’d have to soften that, I didn’t think anybody would want to read that. Over the years I’ve imagined writing this book, and started bits and pieces of it several times over. I called it “When the Old Bat Dies” because every time I’d think to myself “When will I ever feel good enough?”, or “When will I stop feeling invisible?” or even something as simple as “When will I be able to accept a simple compliment about my hair?” The answer was always, When the old bat dies. Both the writing and I were very angry for a long time and now that I’m on the other side of her death, I’ve spent some time examining what made her what she was. Tragedies in her own life prevented her from seeing anything other but herself in the mirror.
spend a year there,
Where children want to play
Like many artists, Baldursson performs in several bands at the festival, most notably with Steintryggur, who offer a gripping fusion of Indian samples, excellent drumming and a singer who plucks a jaw harp. As they play to a packed warehouse, a group of children no older than seven watch rapt at the front of the stage, proving that, given the chance, the young are more than happy to embrace alternatives to the saccharine dross usually targeted at them.
Over the past 10 years the loonie did what few had expected. Before the currency’s “power decade” commenced, experts were well accustomed to worrying about its health. The 1990s were not kind to our dollar as it fluctuated between a high of 89.34 cents in 1991 and a low of 63.11 cents in 1998. Some expected it to plummet toward 50 cents, and there were calls for our currency to be pegged to the U.S. dollar to prevent what many predicted would be catastrophe.
Ben is disgusted with himself for being attracted to someone so very young, yet he can’t get his cute parcel delivery boy out of his mind. One early scene I really enjoyed writing was when Ben can’t cope without his daily Ollie fix over the weekend, so stakes out the local park where Ollie has told him he skates:
Chills Heavenly pop hit NZ
Chicken Salad Sandwiches
Lene
While I put a saucepan half filled with water to a simmer,I pulled out my digital weighing scale and measured out the chocolate and butter into a stainless steel bowl.Then I let them melt over the simmering water.I usually go for the fast track option of melting them in the microwave oven but this time I wanted things to go slow, so that I can calm down. It did the magic. There's something so magical in seeing the chocolate and butter melt together and become one.
The Challenge - Write 100 pages of original scripted material in the 30 days of April. (Screenplays, stage plays, web series, TV shows, short films, and graphic novels are all welcome.)
3 Crossman Richard1975. Diaries of a Cabinet Minister. Vol.1
Then there will be those who learn that the latest results were released to the media without notifying either parent first, and that Henry’s parents found out the latest results just like the rest of us did – and pretty much most every one of those people is going to think, well, THAT was a shoddy (I’m trying hard not to curse here) thing to do.
Let’s watch the moon, let’s meet the sun!
Benefits: librarians aware of current research and publishing trends within the departments they support. They can extract and repackage reuse data. Next up: Health Sciences Library has been collecting information to add to this tool. The initial goal was to allow library staff to feed current publications into their IR, they founda bout 30% were unfindable so the IR can allow them to make the research papers, PowerPoints, publications findabilty.
The warmth of a summer sun,
THE PRESIDENT: That’s a question for the Speaker, not a question for me. My experience with John Boehner has been good. I think he’s a good man who wants to do right by the country. I think that it’s a — as Chip alluded to, the politics that swept him into the speakership were good for a midterm election; they’re tough for governing. And part of what the Republican caucus generally needs to recognize is that American democracy works when people listen to each other, we’re willing to give each other the benefit of the doubt, we assume the patriotism and good intentions of the other side, and we’re willing to make some sensible compromises to solve big problems. And I think that there are members of that caucus who haven’t fully arrived at that realization yet.
watching
If you weren’t there on the spot ya probably think I’m tellin’ lies
Take for instance the story that just hit news in our area about the local duck hunter who went hunting with his dog. The story is way too good to keep quiet. I feel for the guy, but I will be laughing about this for months. I didn’t think anything could beat the story of my brother fishing with his son that ended with them at the doctor’s office. Seems as though when my nephew cast his line, he caught something a little bigger than he was expecting. That would be his father….The hook went into my brother’s nose. I am still laughing at that one, but to the story:
38 Barbara Ann
It is a 10" circular vintage"porthole" convex glass frame, and the collage itself is on the front and back of a piece of glass, with a dual-layer paper collage behind it. Super-deep!
it’s all about the art of translation
Was it an ‘arm of the State’ which imposed a ten-year ban, on an EDL member, from going on EDL demos and even from accessing EDL websites?
Add fresh ricotta to cooked warm short pasta. Toss with baby spinach leaves, lemon juice, extra-virgin olive oil, cracked black pepper, sea salt and basil. Serve with grated Parmesan.
Mike, the fellow ordered to pay the tickets, isn't the driver, and has nothing to do with the UPS truck. The UPS guy said his truck gets tickets regularly.
According to the story, Sahibañ, once, when struck by the maulvi for not memorizing her lesson correctly, addresses him thus:
Boots - Jessica Simpson - gifted
This romance ebook synopsis, is presented by Laura Meets Jeffrey, a to be released romance ebook featuring the love and romance exploits of Laura and Jeffrey during the ’1970s and early ’1980s. Laura Meets Jeffrey . The new romantic adult ebook is told from both sides of the relationship, having first point of views from both Laura and Jeffrey. Great piece of romantic literary work that is sure to be very engaging while revealing much about the state of adult romance during the early ’80s!
VPVKJ Blog (vpvkjblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
We hope that you are all finding time to enjoy the beginning of fall---heard it was gorgeous in ND today! Thanks for the care packages and cards this week, we really appreciate it. I am working on getting some return mail out soon! :) If anyone gets an itch to send a letter, our address is PO Box 2484, Sandpoint ID 83864. Have a great week!!
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAAAA
Those recently having exhibitions at the West Vancouver Museum could be asked to tell stories of the heydays of painting here: the work, the parties, the artist groups and the patrons. Let’s catch the vision from them while it is still possible. Like a relay race, we can receive the baton to pass on to future generations.
Status: On hold at the library, #1 in queue (I expect to receive this one first as unlike the others, there are multiple copies available in the system).
I am very glad
Topics and URLs on the blog English Spelling Problems
So, I’ve got an aching back, but I’m not sure if that’s from the exercises or just my ongoing back issue. Or both. I’ve also got some sore thighs. I know tomorrow is going to be even worse for those! But, I don’t mind the pain. I know it’s because I worked those muscles and they are letting me know. It does suck, however, when you are constantly following a toddler around the house and lifting him up. Thankfully, my little man likes to play independently and give me a break.
The first card was, in fact, the "winner" card. It is made of flimsy card stock. You can see the front below. The back has some small copyright text and a QR code (you'll see one later in this post). The next card was "Diamond," who turned out to be the only female in the pack. She was born the year after I graduated high school. Man, I'm getting old.
MW: The Democrats don’t benefit from this this close to the election. It puts them on the defensive. Even if you argue that it seems that the ethics investigation process is working, the Democrats having to defend the process at this time doesn’t help the party. It’s hurtful because it gives the Republicans a chance to say, “See the Democrats have all those problems over there.” I don’t know if they’ll do that because they’re a lot of Republicans that have been investigated. But there’s nothing positive in this for the Democrats.
I love you more than words can say.
Historical Drift: Must My Church Die may need to be read by those who choose to change some priorities of their ministry.
I turn up at TFFKAML’s house, hoping to lose myself and my plastic container of slightly stale looking chocolate rice crispie cakes (the Co-Op’s selection is a bit depleted) among the crowd of genteel and elegant ladies who are each carrying magnificent home-baked contributions.
Billy Wilder, the great Austrian-American filmmaker won, I think, seven Academy Awards. He also had great movies in almost as many film genres, including film noir (Double Indemnity, Sunset Boulevard), war (Five Graves to Cairo, Stalag 17), comedy (Some Like it Hot, The Apartment) and more. In short, he was quite a "storyteller."
Since when did "I'll call you tonight" become "I think I'll fall off the face of the planet and leave you hanging, thinking about what you may have done wrong while I reveal in the fact that your ego was taken down a notch or two"?
I got to know of him through this verse:
Do the countless and faceless rescuers from 9/11 have the same value as the 2974 victims? We don't hear of them and their suffering from subsequent illnesses and deaths related to being in the smoke and concrete dust. The city of New York do not pay any compensation or medical bills for these men and women. Will they have a memorial or a state service?
*Bent Feather Stamp (066c)
MIf you have not done so far, do please check out the blogs of the following friends who are also participating in the 30 days blogging honesty ~( via @TomBaker ) This initiative is due to Tom and CherlynCochrane
***Coming soon***
Simon Harrington hears a woman cry and sees two footmen accost a female. He rescues Laura and takes her to a home where sisters Eva and Noelle sponsor a school to rescue courtesans. Laura fears her patron Earl of Westwick who held her prisoner for fourteen months in a locked room while torturing her; she expects him to kill her. He was selling Sabine as he called her at an auction when she escaped.
Armstrong, Rachel – Living Architecture : How sythetic Biology can remake our cities and reshape our lives.
At the time I was recovering from a chest infection, and suffering from lack of sleep brought on by having an eight-week-old baby yelling all over the shop, so I have no idea if I made any sense at all. If you've listened to it and I didn't, why not shout at me about it in the comments section?
5. A Perfect World (Clint Eastwood/Kevin Costner) - I freaking love this film. I still could cry if I thought hard enough about the final scene.
That’s the truth … that is the reality of God!
Covering all my lands-all my seashores lining!
At our open mic you are likely to hear poems, short stories, tall tales or ballads.
Nothing speaks so dramatically about Clint Eastwood's recent and remarkable burst of creativity as a director of awards-worthy films than the appearance of "Invictus," a historical drama that few if any filmmakers could have launched within the studio system. Here is a movie about Nelson Mandela, South Africa after apartheid and, of all things, the sport of rugby. None is high on any list of topics that studio suits crave, which tend more toward vampires and superheroes. Even the title -- that of a Victoria-era poem -- is obscure.
When we go to the deer lease, it's literally out in the middle of NOWHERE. We stay in what we call, "The Silver Bullet." It's a legit airstream trailer that is older than you can imagine. It's now DDHP's trailer because his parents got a newer one to stay in. Y'all, just having two people and two dogs is super crowded. Imagine the 6 people being in that thing, with dogs...oh yes. SUPER CROWDED.
We fail to reach maturity because we look to humans for leadership and success principles. They may be able to grow our natural abilities, and maybe our earthly funds, but they can’t grow our inner man, our intimacy with the Father, or give us direction to our real purpose in life. God’s ways are above ours, and His Book is above all our books.
Fog weeps against my windshield as I drive;
Mission of the week: I am going to attempt to buy absolutely no groceries for 7 days - with the exception of a few necessities if I absolutely need them (limited to eggs, greek yogourt and one or two fresh vegetables.) I believe that by posting this here, on the internet, where millions of people can read it, my commitment to my experiment has become slightly more real. Yeah, that's right, I said millions.
His father Ted, a leading British jockey, tried to get the young Gardner into the horse business but he didn’t like it very much and always said as a child that he wanted to be an actor and appear on stage.
Welcome to Everything Else! Mondays I blog about Travel and Wednesday about Faith, but on Fridays I blog about Everything Else!
Instruction:
16. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Bob’s older brother David was a classic example of the era- coon skin coat
Here are a couple of vignettes I did a few years back for a Zombie Pirates of the Black Coast Army. I never completed enough figures for the project to make it to the gaming table and besides my interest in all things GW was on the wane by this point in time. However I think these boys deserve another crack of the whip so they may yet get incorporated in the Retro Dungeon project.
What a great achievement, if it could be done. But will the Government rush into disaster by pushing an already over-stretched public service to rollout a huge, complex scheme in record time? Will it be a repeat of the roof-insulation and school capital works program fiascos?
The report, leaked to the Orlando Sentinel and ABC News and based on anonymous sources, supports accounts from George Zimmerman’s allies that he acted in self-defense when he shot dead the 17-year-old one month ago in Sanford Florida.
I have long since given up trying to hop in the tub with her. The last time I did, she was two. She tried to move around, found that she couldn’t, and then said flatly, “Just get out, dad.” I was pretty sad about it.
Basil Leaves, 10 pcs
Unfortunately college basketball is over and football is over 4 months away from starting. But opening day for major league baseball was sunday night. The Chicago Cubs opened on Monday. And they opened with a bang. The Cubs opened with a 16-5 loss, but it is ok because according to Cubs fans this is their year. So here is my top ten things said by a Cubs fan prior to opening day.
I swear, I wish I would have found a love for running earlier in my life. It clears my mind and gives me so much fulfillment. Strange how pushing myself and sweating can bring so much joy! Ha! anybody else think I sound crazy? It's a feeling like no other. You are competing against nobody but yourself and there's something SO cool about that!
Term of the licence agreement
Alex and the rest of the Outlier Recordings group continue their quest to spread as many grooves as possible: the sixth and latest version of their soundcloud-scouring series has officially landed.
Today I heard Cokie Roberts speak
Fortunately for me, that's only real life.
Last week, I was proud to present Tong Heng here, and it is heartwarming to see that its present generation of owners continuing to preserve its legacy.
Maestro Giulini used the Leopold Nowak edition of this 1890
Ganache Setting Time: 2 - 4hrs or Overnight
“We want to be part of the community,” says Jon Olinto, co-founder of b.good, a new eatery in Burlington. “We want to give back and be a local-oriented small business. And we think serving locally-grown, natural burgers to kids is a good thing to do.”
Proverbs 1:7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge Ways of the foolish Fools despise wisdom and instruction.
7. Tragedy (Ballard) 4:48
in a warm river of books and black coffee,
Mom & I, plus my dog, her dog and my daughter's dog, went upstate NY to visit my uncle & other family who lives up there. They are all between Rhinebeck & Hudson on the east side on the Hudson River. After going to church....the cutest tiniest church ever..in Germantown, we stopped at Mom's younger brother's house. He had just started on his retirement plan: Yellow Lab puppies! They have been a BIG fav of my Mom for years so we HAD to see them! They also had a 13 week pup who looked just like Mom's late lab Prince when he was that age....I thought for sure we were going to be dog napping.......
Compared to Dunham’s Tiny Furniture (2010, made when she was only 23, gulp), Girls is tight — and fearless. I quite liked that film, but this series has an underlying perception and forthrightness about how these girls live that shows Dunham’s growing talent as a writer. Parts of it even feel like a shot across the bow by this gifted writer and young woman, especially given the second episode’s subject matter, “Vagina Panic” — which circles around Jessa’s scheduled abortion as well as Hannah’s STI anxieties.
Quality can slip; brands are sold, orders are filled by offshore jobbers, and the accountants decide the margins aren't high enough, so decree cheaper zippers.
Say I am on vacation and I take my camera along because anticipating you will see is impossible (even while planning your itinerary). Besides, who does not take a camera when planning to do so many fun things? I mean, that is a given. Even if it is the old Polaroid camera!
Sponsored by UK Trade & Investment, the exhibition at La Triennale di Milano also includes models and prototypes of the Torch and has been inaugurated with a launch event which saw the presence of the designers, Edward Barber and Jay Osgerby, the Milan City Councilor for sports and leisure, Assessore Chiara Bisconti in Milan.
apparently, though I have no scientific proof, they are more
You’d think that movies would have been based on it, but you’d be wrong. There is a move afoot to make a movie about the killings, only with a black policemen-hero, in inspectors Gus Coreris and John Fotinos’ stead. And that “hero” is not Insp. Rotea Gilford, but rather a politician named Ed Sanders, who via Officers for Justice made it all the way to chief, but who made no contribution that I could find to the Zebra investigation.
Brody & Kylee had their 6 month check up with their developmental pediatrician a couple of weeks ago. Both are a bit behind in most areas but are making tremendous progress in getting where they need to be and “catching up” after their rough beginning. I always love these long appointments with our developmental ped. as we get a great, thorough examination and look at exactly where they fall developmentally and best of all, I always walk away with a renewed sense of pride knowing how far they’ve come! They both weighed in at about 31lbs and great news, Kylee’s head circumference is not only staying consistent with her own growth curve, but it’s on the charts!
Dialogue with two people is easy. You don’t need many speaker attributes because they can take turns conversing. And you know who is in conflict. With several people, you have a litany of he said/she saids, dispersed conflicts, and long drawn out conversations. In real life, people talk over each other, which can’t be easily portrayed in a book. (Or even in a movie – in the nineteen seventies they tried for realism in dialogue with two people talking at the same time, and it was very confusing. And annoying.)
Song title: I Just Don’t Know What To Do With Myself
“Alright Mom. I love you. “
While cleaning out some art boxes in the garage I found some old sketchbooks.
Base Ratings = Abilities
He got a question about the Argus building, on the corner of La Trobe and Elizabeth streets, which has been empty and for the most part derelict for some time.
SPACE KIDS & MK ULTRA
when suddenly,
And good for you.
All in all, we had a kick-ass time. And 48 hours after all that - Harry Potter, Jeannie eating a cheeseburger (whaaaa?), spending a combined hour and a half in a car with a guy named Walter who thought our names were Samantha and Caitlyn, being spit on by Chris Thile, and finding out we could have realistically (not just in our dreams) had a drink with the Punch Brothers last night - I'm pooped. Peace out y'all.
Photo Album
3) The people respond to God in a spirit of unity.
Those reprobate Gentiles didn’t even deserve consideration by God. They were infidels.
$50,587: Your Share Of The National Debt. (U.S. Treasury Department Accessed 4/10/12; U.S. Census Bureau, Accessed 4/10/12)
Were you really
Travel with me now gentle reader and I will explain to you why some believe that the greatest act of genocide in human history is currently being attempted, and how that act may already well on its way to being achieved.
"Matt Edwards goes by many names -- Matthew E, Rekid, Quiet Village, Sea Devils, Radio Slave -- and now you can also call him RedHead. Whereas under his various other guises he creates old-school acid house or electro-pop or disco, as RedHead he makes music that doesn't seem to care very much whether you're interested in dancing, though you can go ahead and try if you want to. "Continental Drift" is the most disinterested of the six very long tracks on this album; it sounds like a ship's mast creaking, with ocean waves, a ride cymbal, and a static but strangely urgent synth chord that sustains itself for the length of the track and, brilliantly, brings out the actual pitch of the creaking ship's mast. It's a very cool, but excessively long track. It's followed immediately by the funky, burbling groove of "Opening Ceremony (Fuse)," which is, oddly enough, saved from monotony by the sudden appearance of a Gregorian chant sample. "Leopard Skin" sounds like something Muslimgauze might have recorded after a visit to the Amazonian jungle; "Talking Dolls" blends an unassuming house beat with dubwise vocal snippets, and "Root People" blends a house beat with field recordings in a manner that brings to mind African Head Charge crossed with Jon Hassell. Only the grim and rather boring "Spell Bound" fails to cast much of a spell; everything else on this album is weirdly brilliant." - AMG
Day 272 – April 18, 2012
Two teaspoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry
There was a massive amount of water running down the side of the mountain on this day. I decide to follow the drainage as long as possible and see how many other falls were running. 3 miles and nearly 15 falls later I finally started making my way back up the mountain. I’d hit the waterfall jackpot. I found one every few hundred feet it seemed. I probably took over a 100 pictures that day. It was one of the more riskier hikes I’d taken due to everything being slick as snot and having to climb up and down bluffs all day.
Fishin' in the dirt, in our redneck back yard with piles of discarded wood and demolition refuse.
As an overview of the conventional of the rocker assembly in the attached diagram shows the rockers are operated by the pushrod, a lever formed by the rocker operates each of the suspension elements. Compressing the heave spring and wheel dampers, extending the inerter and twisting the torsion bars.
I am so thankful for so many big things (a wonderful husband, great kids, fabulous friends and family), but sometimes it's the little things that really remind me that LIFE IS GOOD!
Casey McCormick
As far as commercial real estate, and the 10-20% average vacancy rates in most cities across the United States in strip malls and what are now being called ghost malls… Guess who owns or is buying that commercial space once it is in default. The government! Local governments already collectively own most large malls anyway through their investments, as well as gas stations, gyms, movie theatres… the list is endless.
Here is my stir fry Chinese Chives Flowers recipe.
Our church is a church where people have life-changing encounters with God. When you come to Passion City Church, you’ll know that we’re here to exalt God, to paint a picture of him, to be people who are humbled before him, to express him to the city and to the world.
Life is a journey between destinations. Sometimes all that I can see is the destination, and I forget to appreciate the journey. I can get so absorbed and focused with where I’m headed, or want to be headed, that my eyes and mind blur out the time in between. Sometimes, I want to just tune out during my in-betweens. I don’t want to be there, and I’m going to try and sleep my way through until the end. But life occurs during the in-between times. If I don’t pay attention during that time, I will miss out on most of my life.
Terraforming: Contemporary Discourse in Landscape Photography
my sister has been posting that her middle child, the boy who creates havoc w/ all of the kids whenever we all get together, says he is getting picked on at school and she is fuming mad at the principal. my bro politely commented that his son said the same thing before and in the end they found out he was actually the one causing the problems. my sister apparently is one of those parents who thinks their kid can do no wrong. oy fucking vey. and after reading all of her other posts i'm quite sure her fucking house must be sparkling clean because that is all she talks about. or that someone is sick. or that she's just bought the kids some new cloths. i know i know--it's a free country, people can post whatever they like. but really? shut the fuck up already.
That's my whining for the week.
Ah, one of my favorite movies ever! I used to watch this all the time on TV (it was one of USA's favorite movies for a while there, too) and liked it as a fun action flick but when I watched it as I was older and was looking at movies in a different way, I saw this movie in a completely different way, too. This is a movie with a big heart and a very emotional story to tell, it's not just about guns and blowing things up or Gary Oldman acting like a psycho, although that is always fun to watch. Natalie Portman delivers one of the best movies of her whole career, even though she was only 11 years old and it was her first movie. She and Jean Reno are beautiful together and they, and Luc Besson the director, created something very special with this movie. Love it to death.
The idea for Lucky Puppy came naturally to Sandi. “It all goes back to my love of dogs. My dog is my child. She is my family. She bounds into the room with such energy, ready for anything. Whenever she came into the room I would say, ‘Hello, Puppy.’ It finally struck me that there wasn’t anything out there for dog lovers who wanted to wear their love for their doggies. Kids and puppies just seemed like the natural match.” She took the idea one step further and decided to create a line that helps dogs in need. A percentage of sales is donated to select dog organizations to help make every doggie a Lucky Puppy.
Katie’s grandma and her mother used to be my pets, too. I saw her evolve from being a kitten to being a mother herself up close. As I mentioned earlier, coming home will never be the same again without her warm welcome. From the start, I know that my pet’s situation is precarious. I know she’ll most likely die, but seeing her helplessly moaning because of pain is totally unbearable for me. She may have died in the end, but at least, I know I did what I can to try to save her.
The no junk pre-condition makes the lifestyle cyclist, utility and commuter cyclist, more uber efficient in clean, free transportation, fitness and living only with what they need and treasure without the frills. Especially if they are only shopping within a 10 km. radius or less.
When she went to her regular appointment on July 5 at Vanderbilt, they decided to put her into the hospital for a few days for tests. The tests included various CT scans, an MRI of her brain, and visits with the ear, nose, and throat doctors who used a scope to examine her nasal passages and throat. They found no structural problems. A spinal tap was also performed. The last visit was with a speech pathologist, who suggested that there were issues in the soft palate and her epiglottis was probably not opening and closing properly. No further diagnosis was made at this point. However, she seemed to improve slightly over the 3 or 4 days she was in the hospital. So she was released while the doctors pondered the test results. About the only thing they had to say at this point was to voice the opinion that this new set of problems probably was (surprisingly) unrelated to her bone marrow problems.
We were SO excited for our engagement session with Dana Grant. I've known Dana for a couple years now and she is one of the most talented photographers that I've ever seen/worked with. She did our family pictures a few years ago, and then I also had her take my graduation pictures. I love her and she's SOO easy to work with. I can't wait for her to shoot our wedding!
Active lines will ensure that updates <U+0430>re received <U+0430>nd communication w<U+0456>th other online participants <U+0456><U+0455> guaranteed. A keyboard and mouse i<U+0455> recommended. The mouse w<U+0456>th scroll wheel <U+0456><U+0455> recommended for th<U+0435> ultra setting al<U+043E>ng w<U+0456>th th<U+0435> multiple buttons feature.
Morello: I told you to stop freaking out at work.
It is hard being a missionary.
Hex escorts the sheriff outside as Bat looks on.
We hope to see you join us in the fun this month.
I also grabbed a 12-pack of Red Hook Winter Hook because it was on sale at HEB. I really don't understand why Red Hook went with this particular recipe. It's a particularly unexceptional beer. Which isn't to say it isn't good, just not spectacular. Most breweries like to really whip out Da Bomb for a special release, and this just isn't it. That said, you can rest assured I'll finish the 12.
Living here in Mineral Point has been interesting what with The Red Rooster and Gray Dog cafes and people who actually write Haiku and/or Renku and tales of vampires jumping out of trees and up from under a boat dock on the only lake in the county.
Perhaps Carden’s buyers were in a hurry, he had what they wanted, so he saved them time. Maybe Carden looks like a trustworthy fellow, had a big smile on his face and his buyers got some value out of his charm. Or maybe, they saw him speak the day before, and thought that he was up to something clever, so they thought they’d play along.
Boys' clothes: a wide variety of colors and shades. Out of 18, only three are blue.
If you want to dump your "sh*t" in someone else's backyard, you host disussion (sic) groups prior to town meeting in homes throughout the town.
We are not even quite sure what the allure of Jack Falstaff is. We'll call it the 'James Ormsby Je ne sais quoi factor'. The attraction is certainly not the look of the space, hidden behind a sleek, industrial doorway. The interior is modern but ordinary, dressed in velvetines and sagemint greens that could have jumped straight from the pages of a West Elm catalogue. The ambience fares well from the low, highly-polished dark wooden ceiling that subdues the sound allowing a dinner conversation to flow with ease, thereby helping to keep the dining experience a relaxing affair.
Creating a ‘melting pot’ of freaky ‘blended humanity’ in ALL White countries is an act of Genocide.
Today is my blog anniversary and I'd like to celebrate with a very special recipe for a special occasion. I'd also like to thank blog visitors from all over the world for making me believe I'm doing the right thing. The making of these pages is not the easiest task - you need to bake, take photos, edit photos, write, translate. It's very time-consuming and it develops at a much slower pace than the one I had in mind when I was starting. But never mind, the most important thing is you're enjoying it and I'm enjoying it so let's get down to business.
Is $60 a bit pricey and crazy for ten super sized baskets? Yes and no. They were the cheapest option for the Expedits, but absolutely not inexpensive. Although, I felt like I won the lottery when I found them for 50% off and I am positive they will hold up for the long haul. Not to mention that someday when my boys are too big to want and need a playroom, these babies can be recycled to the garage, laundry room, bedroom or even sold in a yard sale...
Author: John Green
1) stories are all around us, and
There is a political contingent on the right and a political contingent on the left who want very much, for separate reasons, to pigeon-hole the “black church” as angry black-Jesus-warriors against “oppression” and “rich people.” And that’s simply not the reality of the range of black churches in America.
Boom! Finding out your teenage daughter is pregnant
What an amazing woman! I can't imagine how hard it must be to run an animal rescue out of one's own pocket. That kind of dedication to animals is what keeps my faith in the world alive.
Eventually, the wood trim surrounding the doors will be stripped and repainted with a semi-gloss oil. It's a flat acrylic taupe right now. Yuck.
Chico, CA (03/06/2009) --Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. is pleased to announce the release of Kellerweis Hefeweizen into their year-round portfolio of beers. This is the second new year-round release from the brewery in 2009, and a great addition to their lineup of world-class beers.
tatha sarira<U+1E47>i vihaya jir<U+1E47>any
16. What was the best book you read?
It is a tidy bit of verbal sleight-of-hand that accomplishes two objectives at once. First, it subtly acknowledges the dirty little secret that anyone with eyes can see, but no one wants to say out loud -- that the Internet has thus far been a weak advertising medium. But it cleverly tries to make the preposterous case that this weakness is actually a strength -- that web advertising (specifically, content marketing and social media) are more effective because of their low impact.
9X13 pan for 30 minutes.
All right, readers. Here is your assignment for the coming week: go to www.luceromusic.com and check out Lucero, then go to www.lestatmusic.com and check out Lestat, and finally, realize that words are powerful, but sometimes they aren’t enough. Sometimes nothing can save you.
Davies
My modest Sunday ambition is to be outside for at least a half hour. Doable! even if it's pouring down rain.
daughters for their family “honor”; of Muslims rioting over some slight
The marine, a young woman with fear in her eyes, nodded and ran out to fulfill her orders, training taking over her fears.
Like a fountain of water
In the January issue of Maxim, Douglas said he was convinced that Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito are innocent.
Top 5 observations from this week:
Till next time....
Why have you rejected me?
Great stories these are. Not so great decisions.
It was insane, and it was exactly what I was worried about. What could I tell them? It’s not like I can approach the entire team, parents included, and say, “I won’t be rejoining the team – ever – because I don’t like the attitude that was portrayed throughout the season and the fact that you all made me feel smaller than a speck of dirt on a tractor wheel.” If that’s not enough, I could probably add that I most likely won’t be playing in the spring, too.
We’ll say things like, “oh, we’re getting to know each other still,” or “Who that guy? Sure, we’ve been on a couple dates, but it’s nothing serious yet.” And if you’re stuck in 1999 and still thinking that Love Jones is how you should model a relationship, you might even say something like, “Oh we’re just kicking it.” But when anyone makes the mistake of jumping you two to the dating stage too soon – somehow you find a way to shut that down quickly.
But workers don't just support retired people, they support all non-workers, including their children and their spouse or partner if they don't work. Even as the number of retirees is growing, family size is shrinking. So over those next few decades, even as the ratio of workers to retirees is expected to go down, the ratio of workers to non-workers is expected to go up. The burden on workers will be much that same, it's just that in effect, some portion of that burden will have shifted from supporting their children to supporting their parents.
Thanks to Arlene Christmas that headed the fundraising.
Frilander H, Taskinen H. Legal provisions on the protection of pregnant women at work. FINNISH INSTITUTE OF OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH (FIOH). Työterveiset – Small workplace program of FIOH, Special Issue 2/1999: 18-21.
When a good history of the George W. Bush years is finally written, his breakthrough with India may turn out to be the most important foreign policy initiative of his administration. The Indian Ocean hosts lanes for the oil from the Persian Gulf and an ever larger share of its trade, and India sits in the middle of it. It is also the geographical center of transnational Islamic terrorism. It is essential that the United States maintain a strong deterrent in the Indian Ocean, and that it preserve and enhance its ability to coerce whatever clown revue happens to be governing Pakistan at the moment. India is the key to both. That Barack Obama recognizes this is to his credit. It is quite possibly the most deft foreign policy move of his administration -- admittedly, a low standard -- and he deserves credit for it.
Before I go any further let me take a moment to say “Everything that happens to a believer is either caused or allowed by God”.
Jim will discuss a Biblical examination of the Queen of Heaven’s messages in the End Times. Tens of millions visit apparition sites hoping to encounter Mary, the mother of Jesus. Many believe these increasing manifestations signal the advent of a new era on earth. Thousands of messages from the apparition of Mary indicate that we are entering a critical moment in world history – cataclysmic changes may soon occur. Those who follow the apparitions believe Mary has come to turn us back to God, while others insist that these events are either fabrications or the working of Satan. Messages From Heaven tests these messages in light of Scripture and seeks to answer the following questions: Why does the Queen of Heaven appeal to so many? What is her relation to the Roman Catholic Church? Are the Queen’s messages heaven-sent? Does the Word of God reveal the origin of these phenomena? Does the Bible anticipate apparitions, signs and wonders in the last days? How might the Mother of the Eucharist transform the world in the third millennium? Why does the Queen center all attention on the Eucharist? Jim Tetlow reviews volumes of apparitional messages searching for the common thread that ties all these events together. He presents a thorough and fair treatment of what may well be the most prolific series of supernatural events in history. Tetlow is also the producer of three documentaries, including the companion video Messages From Heaven.
I actually get butterflies in my stomach even with the thought of having to make a phone call. Be it as petty as calling my best buddy to getting anything organised by calling the help desk of any utility. Now you can guess it well, how severe my state is. I decided to write about it to be able to get a clearer picture of what exactly has been causing all this in past years.
I’m not an adrenaline junkie – in fact I’m a bit of a scaredy-cat about some things – like heights .
Intellectual Property Appellate Board has been
3 eggs, separate
The sparrow shrieks and swallow songs
It is with thanks and wonderment that when we see the contribution made by so many individuals to the success of the 30x30x30 Challenge project, for the benefit of our children, we see great hope and a promise for our future…
2) Resolve to say Something Important in every issue of your blog.
Even if they did only happen a week ago.
1-2 tsps of garam masala ( adjust acc to ur taste)
It is a tradition at our house to celebrate with cheese fondue. This is an ideal meal, very social, easy to prepare and little cleaning up work afterwards paving the way ready for an evening of entertainment as well as present opening. The 'surprises' are opened one for one, first the 'tongue in cheek' poem is read aloud, and then the package is opened to reveal the gift(s). The exchange of regular presents is equally commonplace. The presents are not generally extravagant but this does not in any way detract from the occasion. On the contrary my husband has been shocked to see the way Christmas presents are opened in England. In just minutes flat parcels are ripped open with increasing frenzy, the contents, carelessly tossed aside without a glance. He was also astonished to find out that a visit to Santa Claus (if he could be found) was relatively expensive. Actually he was quite disillusioned with 'Christmas'.
Keep it royal queenies!
One thing that is not including in Shrigley-Watson definition is the means or method of how the end of exploitation and cruelty will be achieved. It does not specify ‘non-violence’, nor does it advocate ‘pro-violence’. It simply encourages us to do it, not how.
Subsequently, the party of the first part did observe, with some degree of wonder and/or disbelief, a miniature sleigh (hereinafter, "the Vehicle") being pulled and/or drawn very rapidly through the air by approximately eight (8) reindeer. The driver of said Vehicle appeared by all accounts to be, and it is hereby asserted was in fact, the aforementioned Claus.
Angela Duckworth, assistant professor at Penn, sums it up: “Here’s why: learning is hard. True, learning is fun, exhilarating and gratifying – but it is also often daunting, exhausting and sometimes discouraging . . . to help chronically low-performing but intelligent students, educators and parents must first recognize that character is at least as important as intellect.”
You know, the demented psychotic blind fools praising the ANC government for supposedly building houses (for illegal immigrants) and supplying electricity (which is never paid for by those “previously disadvantaged”), never care to tell the other side of the story. Like the liberal socialist left, the truth remains a scarce commodity.
“And don’t worry about losing. If it is right, it happens—The main thing is not to hurry. Nothing good gets away.”
Our home was filled with people today on a rolling basis, some in, some out all day long. It's lovely having so much life, laughter and happiness surrounding us. Life is short and precious, we have to make the most of every living moment, see the positive in all that is set before us.
Peace and greens,
I'm so sorry for my lack of diligence T___T I guess I could just never bring myself to write about anything. I have been updating my personal blog a lot more often though -- so if you want to read my useless nonsense, please visit: http://xxshinrai.blogspot.com
One beer that I've 'researched' more than others recently is a new offering from one of my favourite Scottish breweries, Fyne Ales. It's their West Highland Black IPA (WHBIPA) and for the past few weeks it's been making an appearance in The Three Judges, The Bon Accord, The State Bar and The Laurieston.
The plan was to drive further North to see the real tundra. Perhaps camp there for a day or two and visit Deadhorse with a potential tour of Prudho Bay. And what do you know? As soon as we crossed a very scary looking mountain pass the weather started clearing up. When we reached the North plateau it was actually quite pleasant. Sunny with clouds. The wast expanse if flat tundra on both sides of the road. There were even some small hills with some snow on them. Nice, it would be interesting to cam there for a couple of days. Well, assuming the weather stays like this. However, it would probably be quite boring to just walk for miles on flat terrain (mosquitoes and tussock and all that water probably won’t let it be boring).
A successor to the 3G and 2G families,4G
14. How often do you go out to eat? Where do you go?
Of course, the repro was the blue box. To our, then 20th century, gaze it was small, neat, tidy. And so pretty!
Save!
Here's a SSO question: I've been worried about you. You mentioned having marital problems. I'm sorry to pry...are things okay?
Another typical event is the book talk. These I like for my nonfiction. I talk about my subject with people who care about it like I do. Libraries and museums are good venues for nonfiction talks. I used to do talks in front of clubs and organizations. I had to stop because I wasn't reaching readers. That's important in deciding to do any event.
-Organic Cotton
This means you should expect your 4 year old to spill stuff, tryout new words she heard someone else say, pitch a fit now and again, and cry when hurt in ways you no longer cry about as an adult.
WFTU has 70 million affiliated members, with 150 organizations in Latin America alone. The U.S. and Canada are the only countries in the Western Hemisphere that have no affiliates.
What I'm looking forward to: Packing away the guest room bed, and getting this room going. Can't wait to start hanging and decorating, all the fun things!
Karla: Nope, you’re a writer! Now, here’s a handful of quick & silly questions. What’s your favorite indulgence?
of what life throws their way. Using cosmetics and specialty
5. Love this eighties classic.
Oleyl Alcohol/Ocenol – Found in fish oils. Used in the manufacture of detergents, as a plasticizer for softening fabrics, and as a carrier for medications. Derivatives: Oleths, Oleyl Arachidate, Oleyl Imidazoline.
But the story must be finished. Just edits and rewrites to go. Brenda allows one more day of edits to make it better–and to pare the entry down to just 250 words–that’s where your ‘Voice’ comes in–your own unique way of hooking your reader, first off. Then it’s all up to the agenting skills of Natalie Fischer–her critiques being first, second and third prizes!
Ultimately, I just want to say that although A Cup of Subtle Tea is going through an identity crisis right now I can’t wait to see where it goes and what comes next. This has first, and foremost, always been a lifestyle blog and will continue to be with little sparkles of personal style, crafts, travel, food, and much more sprinkled in! Thank you for being along for the ride <U+F04A>
Dear Golddigger,
Ever since yesterday's post, in between drawing, writing and watching Star Trek, I researched, read and thought about my main character's motivation until I believed my brain had effectively melted. I fell asleep thinking about it, woke up thinking about it, had breakfast and made by bed thinking about it, and then sat down at my computer and began to research again.
7.My favourite flowers are sweet peas ...so easy to grow ...great cut flowers and the scent ...amazing . Here are some of last years , can't wait for this years crop.........
Two things brought this book to my attention. I recently received the Tor Winter 2011 catalog and the cover immediately caught my eye. I had to flip through the catalog that instant to find out what book this belonged to and didn't have to go far. Right on page 1 was The Unremembered by Peter Orullian. Tor obviously has high hopes for the series. The second connection was Brandon Sanderson mentioning the author in our interview with Orullian's book sitting on his nightstand. Tor hasn't released the final cover in color, but here is a picture of the catalog cover, which shows off this lush image.
Jeans - Gap
The eagle-eyed amongst you will notice one or two changes twixt script and screen. There are no socks or launderettes in the film: I decided to keep the locations simple and socks really aren’t all that interesting to look at. I think the glove makes a decent stand-in though. Handbags, as a rule, tend to get nicked rather than lost, and so featuring an abandoned one would probably change the meaning of the film. Also skulking around the bushes in Victoria Park with two bags full of toys, a camera and a tripod and a handbag might well have raised the wrong kind of eyebrows and/or worried phone calls to the local constabulary. I think it was a sensible decision to leave it out.
I know people like this. Too many. I can’t spend a lot of time with them because they suck the life out of me.
You are my heaven.
When I was growing up, it was not uncommon for Mother to wake me in the middle of the night and say, “Sheri, take your pillow and go downstairs.” I knew what that meant. It meant a tornado was coming, and I was instantly afraid. But then Mother would say, “Sheri, everything will be OK.” Her words always calmed me. Today, decades later, when life seems overwhelming or frightening, I call Mother and wait for her to say, “Everything will be OK.”
The delegates, aged between 12 and 18 years of age, will explore issues that are pertinent to themselves and their peers under the theme, and have broken the conference into three parallel areas: Business, Music and Media.
We had a relatively early night as we were back in the room for 2.00AM (many of the bars / clubs there are open until 5 or 6 in the morning!) as Chrissie was not feeling to good with a bad throat. It was nice to finally meet them both. They were fun and I had a good night.
HUNTSVILLE, Texas (AP) — The U.S. Supreme Court has refused to halt the scheduled execution of convicted killer Beunka Adams.
Min Green and Ed Slaterton are breaking up, so Min is writing Ed a letter and giving him a box. Inside the box is why they broke up. Two bottle caps, a movie ticket, a folded note, a box of matches, a protractor, books, a toy truck, a pair of ugly earrings, a comb from a motel room, and every other item collected over the course of a giddy, intimate, heartbreaking relationship. Item after item is illustrated and accounted for, and then the box, like a girlfriend, will be dumped.
"Have you ever read the speech he made when he accepted the Nobel Prize? This is the whole speech: 'Ladies and Gentlemen. I stand before you now because I never stopped dawdling like an eight-year-old on a spring morning on his way to school. Anything can make me stop and look and wonder, and sometimes learn. I am a very happy man. Thank you.'
We both blush and Simon wanders off to the bathroom.
Well, see...Diesel, the boxer? I just brought him home, the day after Christmas. Steven spanked me, and then adjusted and grew to love the little guy.
“The goal now is a socialist, redistributionist society, which is nature’s proper steward and society’s only hope.”
I don’t want to bore the non-parent with details as to how it is done. Actually I do. Basically, you let the baby associate the fresh air on their privates with elimination. The baby learns not to pee when he’s clothed. Send a self-addressed stamped envelop with £5 or $8 to Lewis Schaffer, “That Crazy Dad”, Nunhead and I will email you how it’s done.
"Two eyes... a thousand expressions
Policy makers must address the country’s rapid population growth head-on though proactive government policies, such as the Reproductive Health (RH) bill. The failure to pass the RH bill in the 14th Congress is very unfortunate for the damage that a rapid population growth will bring to this generation and the next are irreversible. We simply cannot afford to have millions of Filipinos go through the vicious cycle of high fertility and poverty: high fertility rate prolongs poverty in households and poor households contribute to high fertility rates.”
I keep referring to this scripture because it says, “we have this treasure.” This means it is already ours. Paul was discussing the glory of the Lord in this Corinthian letter. That the glory should be seen in us. The church is awakening to the truth that God is able to do great things in and through us.
I’m crazy and she knows, still it’s all good i suppose
Where Could I Go But To the Lord
According to Barth, a Christian account of dogmatics and ethics – both evangelical and catholic – begins with a particular person – Jesus Christ – and in his contemporaneous power, truth and love graciously made available to us by the ministry of the Spirit. This too is Chris Holmes’ claim in his delightful and eloquently written essay, Ethics in the Presence of Christ. Slaying the dragon of christological exemplarism (‘Exemplarism in Christian Ethics trades upon principles and a dead Jesus, a Jesus who lives only inasmuch as his example guides. Exemplarism is imprisoned by immanence, the idea that the resources we need for good conduct, for living humanly, are present within the matrix of our own experience, so that Jesus himself is called upon only inasmuch as he corroborates values and attitudes commensurate with our account of what it means to be “ethical”’) as a foundation for Christian and ecclesial existence, Holmes seeks to ‘draw the life of the Christian community into the orbit of the presence and ongoing ministry of Christ, its natural environment, and thus to explore the consequences of his presence for ethics and offer an account of the moral landscape of ethics that is dependent on its environment’.
120g plain flour, sifted
Now you'll understand why I've been absent from the Land of Blog for a while and apologies to all my blog mates for not visiting.
I haven’t done much traveling around since returning from Munich, but the upcoming weeks are going to be ridiculously busy for me, including a day tour of some beautiful castles on the borders, and trips to visit friends in Newcastle (England), Munich & Salzburg, then Dublin for Thanksgiving! I also just made plans to visit my family in Norway for the Christmas holidays, which I couldn’t be more excited about. In short though, this means that I think I will finally be busy enough to be feeling the pressure in school! I have three essays to do this semester and a test coming up in my Islam class on Halloween. The fun all begins next week, so hopefully I’ll have some great stories to share soon.
When you tell someone that they need to do more research, what you are essentially saying is, “Go look it up yourself; I can’t be bothered to provide evidence for my claim.” No one should be persuaded by an argument where you imply that your opponent is simply ignorant without attempting to correct that ignorance, and anyone who argues thusly should be rightly dismissed as someone arguing merely to win an argument, not to really arrive at a true conclusion.
In On Writing, Stephen King says that with strong word choices and a firm grasp of what’s important for the reader to see, a writer can, indeed, convey their point, message, beauty, horror, whatever really, with just a few words.
Readers, I don't know if I say it often enough but I really am so thankful for all of your support and lovely comments every week! Thank you so much!!
Rookie cards
Per year that is .004 divided by 50 = ...00008%. (Getting confusing -but stay with me).
We often confuse busyness with accomplishment. Worse, when we get so busy doing “stuff” without intention or reflection, we can easily miss our opportunities for learning, seeing real solutions and opportunities for innovation, and chances for inspiring human connections.
Mine has been going.....have had some situations this
Do I need to remind you all that we live in the Midwest? I know the weather has been absolutely BEAUTIFUL, but, again - we live in the Midwest. There are probably at least 1/2 dozen mornings ahead of us where the temperature will be below 32 degrees, and we know you all despise this. So although you are absolutely fabulous to look at, I am begging you to stop blooming for about 2-3 more weeks so you don't meet an early demise.
Thank you all so much for your words of encouragement and the many beautiful scriptures you've written about this week! I am working on a thank you post in the best possible way you can thank a reader in the blog world....with links!
Complete and utter perfection but in such a humble and understated way ... It's no wonder BRIDES magazine is featuring the lovely event in their June 2010 issue. Let's take a look at some of the gorgeous details and make sure you stop back in tomorrow for Part 2!
don't go back to the way we were... we take Who We Are Now and we flow and swirl
21 d
What is the easiest thing you've ever grown?
About 20 minutes from downtown Portland is the Columbia River Gorge, a temperate rainforest cut by a spacious, fast moving slab of brown river and sided by gargantuan waterfalls tumbling between pine tree cliffs; the terrain gets drier as you drive east on Hwy 84 till eventually it turns into endless rolls of dry farmland. And this region, a mere 150 miles out of liberal Portland is cowboy country, where everyone drives tank-sized pick up trucks that are graced with bumper stickers that say things like "Obama bin lyin'."
“The Africans objected to being colonised by Europeans, and this objection is accepted worldwide as correct and just.
Just across the road from the Castle is Forbidden Planet, which is where we headed when we'd finished with History, and after browsing the SF and comics we were in need of liquid refreshment. The Goat Major was nearby, and proved to be a very fine pub, serving Brains and a guest (a Scottish beer from somewhere the bar tender wouldn't attempt to pronounce!).
2009-10 Panini Basketball
When I talked about getting the right suit, I recommended going the mid-range as far as quality and price are concerned. I don’t recommend this with dress shoes. You want to buy the best quality shoes you can afford. Go cheaper on your casual shoes, but if you’re only going to own one or two pairs of dress shoes, make them count.
Activities:
Roster and depth chart
Surveying the damage, you realize that you'll have to put on the spare tire. Unfortunately, you know that you don't have much time, because the turtle is slowly ambling toward you with a deranged lustful hunger in his eyes. You reach into the trunk, and extract your spare tire and tire iron. You look back, startled by the dripping fangs of the approaching beast. This shock causes the tire iron to drop out of your still sweaty hands into the depths of the marsh.
Thanks so much for hopping by!
children good manners. Don't get me wrong I teach my kids and
So they cut it down to 3:05
Thank you to everyone that left a link or emailed me about sites / shops etc... with patterned papers I appreciate the time that each of you took to contact me, you are all truly lovely!
Let’s look at the exact passage in scripture:
Instagram - So fun! Apparently I was born in a barn because I just discovered it's capabilities last week & I'm loving all the fun photo filters. It's definitely my cup of tea! Follow me @jlgarvin if you're a sucker for cute baby photos like the one below! :)
Repeat rows 1-8 two more times, repeat rows 1-4 once more, bind off. Weave in ends
to see in that acre of nearly
There were many more memories....hope to post some pictures soon and some new thoughts that are brewing.
There were mountains surrounding us the entire time we were there.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, combine flour and sugar. Heat the butter in a sauce pan. Stir in cocoa powder and hot water. Bring to a boil, then remove from heat. Meanwhile, combine the buttermilk, eggs, and baking soda. Add the cocoa mixture to the flour and sugar and stir until combined. Stir in the buttermilk mixture. Add a tablespoon of vanilla. Pour into a greased jelly roll pan or a large cookie sheet with sides. Bake at 400 degrees for about 20 minutes until the center tests done. Cool on a rack.
Rock Climbing: I think Peter could get into this sport! He's doing a good job climbing up on just about anything vertical: shelving units, baby gates, boxes, mommy and daddy, chairs, and even walls. Nothing stands in this boy's way. He climbs over Ethan and Ethan gets a kick out of it. I love Ethan's laugh!!
If I don’t have You, Jesus?
*sorry no photos of the openers and sorry my photos of Sara aren't the best! Unfortunately, my camera wasn't cooperating. Really, it's just old and no good in poor lighting. A girl in the row ahead of me was taking excellent, clear, close-up shots. The ones I have here are actually zoomed all the way in, if you can believe it! I'm officially taking suggestions for a new camera. :)
The CRP program works simply enough; it is important to remember that each state has been done. If you default on the north dakota snowmobile trail and Means Committee, issued a disturbing report on the north dakota snowmobile trail can always repair any damage that has very few places to see birds in North Dakota Senator Kent Conrad points out that smaller communities are often favored over their rural counterparts and outlying areas.
Washington's latest message to him is severely blunted: "If you obey us, we will not punish you for crimes committed against the Yemeni people."
Midterm, Part II
So, yes. If I were to give up something else this year (and hopefully for good), it would have to be...
When it comes to conserving the country’s raptors, education is key – and that’s where Alpha and his buddies come in. These specially trained birds are used in daily flight displays to showcase their remarkable abilities, giving audiences a fascinating window into the world of these amazing avian acrobats.
I hope you will join me in celebration of my second Blogeversary.
That's a great question. I'd have to say Ultraviolence (les petits pilous remix) by hearts revolution would be the song. I mean who doesn't like violence - ultrified then remixed?
"I would be against trying to cram knowledge into the heads of children even if we could agree on what knowledge to cram and could be sure that it would not go out of date, even if we could be sure that, once crammed in, it would stay in. Even then, I would trust the child to direct his own learning. For it seems to me a fact that, in our struggle to make sense out of life, the things we most need to learn are the things we most want to learn."
Flowing straight to the sea.
As I’ve said before, the true objectives of clandestine operations, no-matter how insignificant, are NEVER revealed to the general populace, and even if one tries to identify, from the bits and pieces of news that filter through, whether the forces at work are good or evil, you will eventually get bogged down in a grey area dotted with futile second-hand circumstantial evidence.
Miranda Priestly: Something funny?
What would you do if you were a billionaire?
1 sobering
A = Attitude
I have been thinking about this wonderful new year
Pretty good first day, I reckon.
We're still working our way through the scripts, but here is a teaser for one:
This time, we're featuring the "Lemonade Mermaid" bedroom.
But when we talk of people or forces that try to put limitations on free speech, we should not only look to society’s traditional power-holders — be they religious or secular.
- The impeachment of Chief Justice Renato Corona
1/15: ER - 7 eggs, 1 mature ICSI, AH (must thaw our frosties)
Okay, that's it for now. I just wanted to check in. I have tons to write up--I just need to carve out some time. And please know I love you all, and I'm not trying to go all invisible woman or anything--it's just hectic right now.
Dictator: No they are on Paprika! LOOK IT HERE!!!!! WHATS GOING ON HERE???!!! (because he says ‘whats going on here’ all the time this week)
And you know and I know my clone sleeps alone
You might want to check them out.
Leads ancient lords and reverend bishops on
freshly ground black pepper, to taste
People usually hate their stomachs because they have difficulty controlling their eating habits, they hate its appearance, or it gives them stomach aches; I hate mine for growling, nay, roaring. It can make any canine cower and whimper. It can make a thunderstorm appear mild in comparison. It can make a G6 sound like a G4 (Which means it is quiet. Almost like a TV channel nobody watches). I may not be as fly as a G6, but my stomach can be as loud as one.
With 358 colors to choose from, choosing which colors to buy can be hard. For blending, you should have 3 different shades of the same color. The natural blending families start with the same letters and first number.
Social media done right is about building long-term relationships, kind of the way we build friendships in the real world; and it is hard work.
Be a big sister
Newark
These three media stories are only a fraction of the stories that happened to kids at school all year again. Every day across the country and the world kids still deal with bullying issues and many still don’t go to school or even end their own lives. There is still work to be done in 2011 and 2012.
“OK, that’s it. It’s OK, girl. It’s over.”
Sunflower seeds are a fantastic boredom food. Besides the fact they're loaded with Vitamin E (which in short means they protect against free radicals, among other things), they are rich with specific anti-oxidants in charge of lowering blood sugar levels, as well as protein to satisfy that little bit of hunger you may or may not be experiencing.
Your gF score can be raised by doing new things (novelty), challenging yourself, being creative, doing things the hard way, and networking. Todays games require multitasking masters! Kids can do this and thereby they are able to land those freakin planes.
I can’t go back to being silent.
I'll have a little something stamping related to post later today.
Lee PY et al. Economic analysis of influenza vaccination and antiviral treatment for healthy
Sones also complained that he did not have an opportunity to rebut the evidence included by the Examining Attorney in the final office action, but the Board pointed out that he should have requested remand if he wanted to put in rebuttal evidence.
My childhood dreams were to own horses and travel the world. To work by choice and not necessity.
I had to take my dogs for a quick trip outside to potty (them, no me) and pinned my hair up and threw on a hoodie so my hair wouldn't be rained on and destroyed more than I had already done. When I got back in and took off the hoodie, I noticed I liked the faux bob I had going and that it reminded me of bobs that I've seen Dita sport, so this is my new do for the night. I cleaned it up a bit and re-pinned it and viola, my accidental faux bob for the night.
1) How do you live in the space?
MM: Apart from the U.S. Hardcore phenomenon (the ’80s version of a Folk revival, in my opinion) and some interesting rumblings from the world Underground, that decade appears today as a musical wasteland. Two questions: What happened to the promise of Punk, and is there anything of merit to come out of the 1980s that still resonates?
Bringing ingredients together...
This is a cleverly crafted argument used to convince those who have been burned by religious organizations that true Christianity is unlike everything else. I can understand where this comes from because there are a lot of bad religions out there. But this argument falls short in establishing a clear foundation of knowing God within orthodoxy.
According to the victim, Kiedis exposed his penis and tried to force her to perform oral sex on him against her will.
"The news could have been more open, better,'' said Javier Solana, the European Union's top foreign affairs representative, according to the EFE news service. "I'm not sure that the transition has begun from the political point of view.''
With the closure of the Exchange, the Dalkey Book Festival will find itself without a bookshop this year. In June, thousands of tourists will flock to the village to spot their favourite authors. Maeve Binchy, Neil Jordan, Declan Hughes, Martina Devlin, Brian Keenan, Joe O’Connor, Don Conroy and Sarah Webb, all live within walking distance of the shop. As one local sardonically points out, “you can’t throw a stick down the main street without hitting a writer. And there are plenty of writers we’d like to hit with sticks around here…”
My husband also spoke with his parents, and they are allowing us to stay at their house over the summer while we get our grown up lives together.
For me personally, I do not like FPS games. (That's "first person shooters" for you non-gamers out there). Not because they are "violent" or "graphic" but simply because I am not coordinated enough to properly aim, fire, and survive. Hubby is excellent at FPS games, but I think that's because he's had actual military training in how to aim and shoot weapons. Younger people who don't have this sort of background experience are good at these games because they have "young eyes" and "young reflexes". Now mind you, there are a few FPS games that I can play because their targeting system seems to work with my idiot brain. Games like Metroid Prime, Gears of War, and Halo are games that I can handle. Call of Duty, on the other hand, were it real life, I would be dead in .0000000001 of a second.
I have to remember to post this macaroni salad recipe, a simple one, since it was a big hit at my Memorial Day BBQ. By the way, I turned 50 last week, and wanted to thank many of you for your Birthday Wishes you passed my way...I am in the club now!
Peggy!
Him: "Wow, I just re-filled his bottle a few hours ago"
The waiter, saying with a pained expression, when I payed a 13.50-pesos bill with a 20 pesos banknote: ´Have you really got no change?´ (a 20 pesos banknote, mind you; it´s not like I wanted to pay one beer with a 100 pesos banknote - which an American tourist at the next table did; and since he spoke no Spanish, the waiter didn´t have a choice and coughed up the change!) ´None at all, I am so sorry´says I, careful not to jingle the 1 and half peso coins in my wallet. ´Ah... all right then...´ he sighs, handing out the change he had had all along, of course.
A Day For Daisies has a wonderful new release today --Vintage Halloween! My card features "Vintage Witch" and she's colored with copics. I used Pink Paisley polka dot paper for the background; Fancy Pants paper pack for the sentiment (embellished with orange/black rhinestones from my stash); and I cut the diecut frame using my Cricut and the Happy Hauntings cartridge. I am not certain about the orange striped paper; it is something I've had in my stash for a long time. Last week, ADFD announced their newest challenge - "Gimme Some Texture" - and since I had so much fun adding texture to my project last week, I got a little texture-y this week and added the feathers around the sentiment :)
Djelibeybi is as busy as I remember it. I can’t visit my uncle or even risk being seen. I hide away as much as I can and stay away from the main marketplace. I explore the safer parts of the city and stay away from trouble. I have rented a tiny room in an inn not far from the marketplace, but before I did that I bought a veil and put on my black robes. I bought a widow’s veil. I should have been in Eritor now, a blushing bride. Instead, I am far from home, in a widow’s clothes.
This cultural reality makes it very difficult to speak of authentic Christian experience – for we speak to one another as addicts. We largely know experience as an alcoholic knows alcohol. That an alcoholic might prefer vodka to wine tells me nothing about vodka or wine. Religious experience tells me almost nothing about God, the Church, truth, etc. It is God, the Church, truth, etc., viewed through the fog of distorted modern perception.
I think we are all ready to get back to the grind. Ava misses school and her friends, Aaron misses sitting at his desk in peace (ha!) and I miss having the house to myself while Judd naps. Just kidding! Sort of.
*Which authors/stories did you enjoy reading as a child/teenager? How do you think they compare to the children’s novels available today? What do you think children of today want to read?
I haven’t been willing to face the truth until now, because the fact of the matter is this.
We have a small cabbage, about 17 inches and 2.9 pounds...I can't believe how long she (could possibly be) is! I can't imagine how she may feel, I didn't think I had 17 inches in my short little area!
“Maknae has decided to major in theater and film, and she will be debuting soon as well. Yesterday, she met with her director and will be sitting down for dinner with KBS officials today. They say they like maknae’s clear image, but I’m a bit worried because she doesn’t know anything about dressing herself up and is a bit countrified…”
Ricky really loved it...until he fell down on the trampoline ans couldn't get back up. That has his little hands got cold and wet! Then it was time to go in!
This is by far Tayahs #1 treat. I always tell myself that I shouldn't give them to her because they are so bad for her teeth and tummy but the look on her face when she knows she's getting one is priceless. If you want to be popular with this girl, carry some of these in your pocket when you're around her. She'll be your friend for life.
Level of Tsundere: Marmalade-flavored shaved ice
I am getting a little bit bored with the narrative ‘life-story’ of my characters now. It was interesting to begin with, but now it is increasingly frustrating to have to know the details about how they would react in certain situations when those circumstances may never appear in the novel. I really just want to be able to get on with writing it: but I still haven’t reached the point in my protagonist’s story where her future behaviour is explained sufficiently for me to really communicate any understanding of it.
The Hornbeam Kite was selected because it is the most forgiving kite for novice kitefliers (like us!) We named it the Headless Hornbeam because it has everything but a head . . . wings, a tail, a skeleton and without a head it has no idea where it is going! It is easy to put together (all you have to do is tie some string) and almost anyone can get the kite to fly (we’ll see about that!). The Hornbeam does not require a tail, but definitely looks beautiful with long flowing streamers so we thought we would include them.
I only drank wine when I lost all of my weight before, so that’s my plan right now. Wine = good, beer/liquor = bad. One could look at it this way; Wine is like eating fruit while beer and liquor are like eating large slices of bread. It’s a true analogy, no joke. If it wasn’t for the chicken nachos I made last night, this has been a pretty successful diet week for me. I think I am finally back on my game, and determined to get this weight off. Although, I did forget how annoying and slow of a process it is to do it healthy; 2 lbs per week only? Gah!
Diomedes in the tail of Denebola riding the occult geometric device
3 train
Photo Credits: MGM, Aston Martin, Pixar
I get sick. So viciously sick that I am unable to stand up in our two room schoolhouse, preferring to sit on the stone floor. I sweat, and sweat, and sleep. High doses of amoxicillin start to battle back whatever has taken over my system and I prop myself up to play Barbies with two of the girls at home. My señora takes care of me, going to the store for crackers and Gatorade. I miss out on a special dinner served on Fridays during Lent, and watch a religious procession from a chair in the living room. By 3 a.m. on Sunday, I am fumbling with the lock on the door, letting go of the gigantic iron hook with a BOOM, bringing my señora and her sister to the door. They send me off with sleepy blessings and good wishes, and I go through the motions of getting back to Illinois.
How hard do you have to shake a family tree to find out the truth about the past?
A child more possessed of self-esteem is hard to imagine.
In short, if you put on an act just like these guys show you, you can make it look a lot like you have psychic powers. And not just to stupid people.
Copyright © 2011-2012 Denise Le Fay. All Rights Reserved. You may copy and redistribute this material so long as you do not alter it in any way and the content remains complete, credit is given to the author, and you include this copyright notice and link. http://deniselefay.wordpress.com/
· Conference closing cocktail reception at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.
06 peter gunn
And if you want to wait and read THE NEAR WITCH first, don't worry! Cole's story will stay up on Disney*Hyperion's website, and if it ever comes down, Victoria will carve out a space for it on her own site. It will always be available somewhere, and it will always be free.
E@L sips it and it's fine, it's nice, but a second or two after swallowing there a suggestion, a mere whiff, sure enough, of airplane fuel, and like he hasn't had a whiff of that every now and again, stuck on runways forever. If it was always so simple to get a word for these aromas and tastes. Kero is the big easy one. Horse-saddles, not so obvious...
I'd honestly really like to live in Holywood. Its such a nice area, definitely something to look into for the future.
The richest man on the ship, millionaire John Jacob Astor IV (founder of New York’s Waldorf Astoria hotel) went to the same watery grave as the poorest peasant family who had hoped to start a new life in America. As women and children were being loaded onto the few lifeboats first, Astor had asked if he could accompany his 19-year-old new wife Madeleine because she was pregnant and would particularly need care, but he was denied. He was reported by survivors to have calmly stepped back, tossed his gloves to his wife in the boat, lit a cigarette, and watched as she disappeared into the night. Less than two hours later, he was dead. All his millions could not save him.
Accessories and Beyond
Where I’m going:
Sometimes, we need the brutal honesty of such words. It doesn’t mean there isn’t good advice out there or points to consider. Rather, it means that conforming to the norms is not something that I should do.
Two men detained for questioning Wednesday were no longer suspects in the robbery, police spokesman Ulf Goranzon said.
Being reset in honor the company’s big anniversary, it is the OFFICIAL Tiffany diamond, weighing in at over 128 karats.
(c) Nzere . . .. . . .. .. .. Third House
Listen, before you take any of my advice you have to do one very important thing first. You have to
Guess who is super excited to be in heat?!!!Yep, BELLE!!! And yes that is her happy face. Cowpokette had to jump in for the picture too. Belle has come into heat and this time around we are going to breed her! We have been waiting a long time for this. I am really excited for little Belle pups. The kids are super excited too.
“Sure I have; I told you years ago.”
Sometimes it's tough to sort out all the details related to this subject, but I'm positive you'll have no trouble making sense of the information presented above.
Police in the southwest Ohio town of Franklin say a woman handed a note to a teller in a Huntington Bank branch Friday and made off with an undisclosed amount of money.
For a brief moment after 9/11, Americans of all shapes and sizes, colors and ages and creeds, came together as one. For that brief moment, forever now lost in the narrow corridors of memory, we were kind to one another. The America that we always sensed, always believed in, was there for that brief shining moment. It is gone now. Gone forever, perhaps.
Curtis Acosta
I said that – it may end up being you favorite part and I would not want to influence you! This time you should work with the right side of the fabric facing you. Encase the raw edge of your fabric with the thinner edge on the top and pin in place.
And it’s set on Christmas, too, so it’s appropriate for the month! It starts off with a bright, sunny field of flowers and a little girl playing, because that’s not discordant with the rest of the movie…but then she gets kidnapped, because her father lets her play in random patches of woods far, far away from any supervision, like a good parent. Oh, wait, I mean like a TERRIBLE parent who deserves to be locked up for negligence! And if you didn’t get it this time, this same scene will be replayed at least two more times throughout the film. Not for any real reason or anything, but because the filmmakers simply have no other substance, so they just keep showing the same garbage over and over again to pad out the runtime like the lazy assholes they are.
Shiner decided to re-release it 97 beer as one of its regular lines of beers. Pours jet black, thin head that dissipates fairly quick. Dark roasted malt taste, nice and smooth mouth feel with a clean finish. Label and taste is different from when it was released as the 97 year anniversary beer.
I have to send out a HUGE thank you to Craig at Craft Edge he pretty much did it all! THANK YOU SOOOO much Craig!
808 State Cübik UK
Level 1: Accuracy: +20, Speed: +7, Jump: +2.
04. Captain Bacardi - Antonio Carlos Jobim & Claus Ogerman / 4:29
One of my friends', Angela, had a workshop for me a few months ago. This is her second workshop she's had for me (She's the Hostess with the Mostess!). And, now, her friend, Nichole is having a workshop the first part of August. THANKS GIRLS!!!
The image of jealousy – whatever it might have been – was an image that provoked anger in the Lord. What were these people thinking at the time? Did they actually think the Lord could not see what it was they were doing? That is exactly what they thought. Because the Lord had “scraped” the land of the inhabitants in His wrath, surely the Lord did not see, at the very least, did not care what was going on in Jerusalem (8:12).In this they were mistaken. In this, that which they thought was relatively trivial, to this the Lord took great exception.
A 4-year-old Chicago, Illinois girl was shot when a gun that was stored between the mattresses discharged as she was jumping on the bed. She was shot in the ankle and rushed to Comer Children's Hospital where she is listed in good condition.
A: Fans get to vote for the white or black Michael Jackson.
It's a little late for a New Year's Resolution but better late than never I suppose!
After being up to my eyeballs in work for the past few weeks, I’ve barely had time to sit down and think about writing. Though I always knew there was one specific person I had to talk about eventually.
- Oleg Babynin / bass
That means that, at my current weight… to get to a healthy weight… I have to LOOSE same amount of weight as the weight range I need to be at. So, to be at 118, I need to loose 159… if I want to be at 159, I have to loose 118. So, I have to loose a whole person. At the rate I’m loosing weight (which is a good, solid weight loss rate) it will take me *at least* another 20 months to get to a statistically healthy weight. That is almost another 2 years.
The woman reporter is writng a story about the Round-up and slowly learns about Sarah and the house she lived in.
Mirror me is wearing a solid green shirt.
Now for my project for today, I have made another Winter layout:
A nice twist on the classic bellini – raspberry puree flavoured with rosehip topped with prosecco
immediate knowledge
If you still doubt the existence of the Illuminati brotherhood take note, positive or negative, to George Washington:
He pootled along in his swingle
B3 Destroy 2:01
High School Hockey Banquet :: bloody mary's on the deck
It's still hasn't fully hit me that I will be a mom of 3!!
The show is called Artiscape, and here are the details:
Brilliant. You don’t see too many scholastic articles cracking cheap puns. It’s a good thing I am not a scientist, because I would be taking advantage of that untapped market. Cancer? More like cantcer. Hypercholesteremia? More like hypercholessteremia. Bowel disease? Uh, more like bowel diseasy to cure with curecumin. God I’m good.
Then for the background, I grabbed my extra large circle punch from Fiskars, and made a mask. I placed the circle I punched where I wanted it, and used my repositionable Tombo tape to secure it. Then, I pulled out some of my $1.00 stamp pads from Studio G and<U+FEFF> some Stampin' Up Perfect Plum, as well as some Broken China Distress Ink, and more Tuxedo Black. I used sponge daubers and went from lightest to darkest to create my night sky. I did LOTS of coats of ink, because things dry very differently, as I'm sure you have found for yourself.
Check it out! I figured since it's been almost a YEAR of marriage (and subsequent name change), it's about time to switch on over to a new blog. I'm also using it to launch speaking and writing, eventually that is...
Thank you for following my progress.
This pregnancy has brought up many fearful emotions in me, I think I’m going to talk to the midwife or GP about it – I have a feeling it’s related to fear of birth, but I keep having scary dreams and worrying about Joni a lot more than usual. In fact, I’m going to go and check on her now.
Since my last post, something like 29 days have passed. You maybe didn’t miss me, but I’ve missed this. Here’s what I’ve been doing. These are not excuses although they sound like good ones.
Are these transplants successful? I think anyone who objectively evaluates this question will unequivocally say that these cultural transplants have been a miserable failure. Our worst parishes are the ones where this cross-cultural pollination happens most. By the way, since these cultural transplants are such failures, those who support them can only claim they are successful by changing the definition of success. Instead of success as measured by holiness, increased participation in the sacraments, growth in knowledge, private devotions, etc., the proponent of this ideal has to make the transplant itself a kind of measure of success. Thus, the success of incorporating Negro Spirituals is the simple fact that Catholics are now singing Negro Spirituals. The cultural cross-pollination goes from being a means to an end in and of itself; a "mutual enrichment" as Cardinal Dulles used to call it.
But he had enough. He continues to write and play music on his own, with The Pollock Brothers, Megas, and to preserve the oral traditions of Kentucky and Iceland. He sees himself as a creative warrior and has a benevolent need to infiltrate the soulless airwaves with soul. He ends our interview by saying "everything is a gift, one breath, one step at a time."
Author: John Harvey
Self: “A final question from the man with the beard, glasses, shirt, pullover, trousers and underwear.”
I won some beer, though, by way of a bet and this grog will be making an appearance when I get round to necking it. It is pong too. Some of it says “CAMRA says this is real ale” on the bottle. Some of it doesn’t. Within the world of work, one from time to time makes the acquaintance of a fellow pisshead. A temporary contractor from Lincoln knocks around the office from time to time and we have been known to have a pint. This is despite his beard, elderly appearance, lack of trendy trainers and fondness for the variable pongy local grog that passes for “real ale” around this part of Oop North. I even took him into the local “craft” beer boozer a few weeks ago to give him the choice of numerous cask and world beers and be in an establishment where beards were the norm rather than unusual. That’s the kind of nice chap I am. I could have dragged him around the tatty pubs near work or his hotel for a skinful of Stella, but I didn’t. I took him on a bus to beer geek heaven. It’s the brotherhood of beer geekery, it transcends cooking lager or even pongy ale enthusiasm.
New edge flashing around exterior top edges $ 2,500.00 (Gutterman)
‘Before we start our feast tonight,
"You need to look for integrity," I continued.
Gisborne District Council acting chief executive Nedine Thatcher-Swann said at that time –
Usually placed on or linked from the company intranet, the internal blog should be one of the most easily accessible points to gain internal company information.
Condoms and sexual health is never going to be sexy pillow talk, but if the person you’re planning to get down and dirty with isn’t willing to wrap it up, they probably aren’t worth your time anyway.
And each of us will continue adding on our little rings of experience until some unseen force chops us down and studies and dates our lives. And maybe one day the whole Earth itself may gather so many growth rings that it fills to capacity and simply bursts under the pressure of the wars and lives and births and extinctions and loves and storms and such that have accumulated to form history. It could happen.
and bickering going on between the children these past few weeks
Like so many in the Bay Area, Rachel and her family rent their house. This configuration allows everything to be easily be dismantled and used in a different way if they move. The shelf units can be stacked and put into closets and the baskets can be used anywhere in a new house.
Warrant Officer SC Ngcobo and Constables MF Xaba and SG Ntuli were arrested on Friday and appeared in the local magistrate's court on charges of murder, assault with intent to inflict grievous bodily harm and defeating the ends of justice.
What Mom declared forbidden became increasingly random. She decided I couldn’t go see Phantasm because of the tagline, “If this one doesn’t scare you, you’re already dead,” yet she had no problem dropping me and two friends off to catch Dawn of the Dead, a movie so gory that it was released unrated, at a seedy little theater whose employees never checked IDs. If you’ve ever seen both of these films, you’d know that you must be already dead, because Phantasm isn’t all that scary, but Dawn of the Dead is one of the most brutal and vicious movies ever made. Even more perplexing was her decision to forbid me from seeing The Gauntlet, a fairly minor (and stupid) movie in the Clint Eastwood canon, but simply something I had expressed an interest in watching. Yeah, that movie was rated R, but I’d seen rated R movies before, including Blazing Saddles, which they took me to see (if you’ve never seen Blazing Saddles, let me just tell you that the liberal use of the ‘N-word’ would probably shock modern audiences). Mom even had no problem with dropping me off at the Southgate to allow me to engage in the illegal act of sneaking from theater to theater to watch all the movies playing at this four auditorium theater for the price of one ticket. During this time I remember seeing such gory movies as Death Race 2000, where drivers compete in a cross-country race and earn bonus points for running over pedestrians. Still, for some unfathomable reason, while sneaking into movies without paying was okay, The Gauntlet was forbidden. And of course, being more rebellious at the age of 14, I went and saw it anyway, telling Mom I was gonna see something else. But, because I still respected Mom’s law, I later informed her of my crime, and was promptly grounded.
whats out there,
Carnivale
You can learn more about The Protestant Reformation here:
I reach for the door handle, but as I grasp it my ears are split by the explosive waves of sound which pour forth from the clock beside my bed.
10. Around-about
“The other day we were doing this big reveal shot of all the Avengers. Thor has got his hammer, Cap’s got his shield, Hawkeye has his bow and arrow, and Hulk is huge. Then it pans over to me and I’ve got guns. Iron Man’s like, hovering above all of us, ready to go. I was like, ‘Joss… um… do I look okay holding these guns?’ And he said ‘She’s a total badass. She’s a killing machine.’”
The Nature Farm believes in making a difference to the lives of farmers, who comprise over 55% of the nation’s population. It is founded on the understanding that the diverse culture of farming rests with the rural population and any drain of rural population to the urban settlement results in the extinction of the delicate and diverse cultural fabric of the nation. The motto being, ‘Taking prosperity to the door steps of farmers’.
The Liebster Blog Award is a German word which meands "Dearest" or "Beloved", but can also mean "Favourite". The aim of the Liebster Blog Award is to draw more attention to some really lovely blogs with 200 or less followers.
Most people I meet know that the pantomime villain policeman image is rubbish. There are three groups who benefit from all of this. Lawyers, criminals and politicians.
I know what you're thinking, FatCat should have a lock on this title. I did finish a close second (not really) in the Beer Drinker of the Year sponsored by Wynkoop Brewing Company. It was a close battle but in the end J. Wilson edged out a win. The win was based largely on a gimmick in which Wilson fasted for 46 days on just water and dopplebock during lent. I mean that's what FatCat calls summer break, I don't see how that is an accomplishment. Wilson is a fellow beer blogger at brewvana.net, a homebrewer, and a beer judge. He has also published a book about his fasting experience, Diary of a part-time Monk. The other two finalists were Warren Manteiro and Greg Nowatzki. For the prize Wilson wins free beer for life at the Wynkoop Brewing Company, $250 worth of beer at El Bait Shop in Des Moines, Iowa, and appropriate clothing identifying him as the 2012 Beerdrinker of the Year.
I hope you all like it!
Prank fails:
This is, more or less, my Mom’s basic recipe from way back. I add more of all the vegetables.
There are pins in my skin and fingers around my throat
That was the last time I talked to her.
For the past three seasons MCB dancer Amara Baptist of Sunland, CA, has danced the role of Clara in the ballet company’s annual productions of The Nutcracker at the Alex Theatre in Glendale. This year Baptist is prepared to surrender the crown she has worn as Clara to a new dancer.
On my first project, Katahane, jp302 volunteered to edit my stuff easily, so I didn’t have to find any editors.
“Nobody has tattoos anymore,” I say. “They aren’t allowed within the territory.”
In hindsight: I loved everything but the best part about the day was having David all to myself all day and being able to just talk about everything we never get the chance for! The girls were nodding off in the back of the Kombi and popped their heads up every now and then and got out when we stopped somewhere so it was a partial rest day for them ;)
Jaysus! It's been a busy few weeks. Not too long however until the summer holliers. Sun, sand and Sangria. Yes, please. Until then, I've taken to providing digests - a poor albeit legit excuse for my enforced blogging diet. As my New York brethern would say, "Eh, wadaya gonna do?" Here it goes:
Rojas: What does your family think of your writing?
Well this particular evening the 18-year-old was in need of a ride home from work (I did list “chauffeuring” as one of my sidelines) and “work” was across the street from the gym. This night the husband was home so I quickly volunteered for the driving assignment ahead of time. I devilishly plotted to leave early from home to afford me twenty minutes to worship at the physical fitness temple. Furthering my scheme I informed the 18-year-old that his chauffeur would be “working out” and he should walk across the street to meet me at the gym and I would be finished by then and drive him back home. Everything went well. I escaped my responsibilities and was very proud of my sneaky tactic to get a few moments to myself. Having limited time I chose the treadmill as the “torture de jour”.
Here’s the question- one of the main characters in the book, Teddy, wonders about why Gods of modern religion created evil in the first place, if one of their main functions is to be against it and signify the opposite of evil, i.e the ultimate good. She goes a step further to wonder whether if she was God, would she have ever created the human race to begin with, and the answer is probably not. For all the trouble we cause I’m sure we’re pretty much a handful. But I digress- what kind of race are we then, that we need definite incentives to be ‘good’? and more importantly, who gets to define what this good is? What is bad? Why can we not redefine this to suit our needs? Why must these concepts remain static? Or do they?
With short stories like this it is difficult because, as I know myself, stories that have got nowhere in one comp, have won another, with no further edits, so I don’t lose heart is what I’m saying! We had a team of 5 reading the many entries, all with guidelines and enough experience to really know what was good and what didn’t work as well and remember it is also relative to what else we have in.
During the previous summer, one of my part-time jobs was working the front-desk of a local gym where I met many competitors. As I learned more about the bodybuilding culture, I became increasingly intrigued by the competition scene and gradually adjusted my lifestyle to be more conducive to health and fitness. My diet improved, I cut down on partying and social drinking and my workouts became more intense.
We are proud to announce that we have a brand new
This may sound idyllic, but it wasn’t all the time. One of the least attractive aspects of living at Hampton Haze was that the older children had to walk down a long, muddy, rutted track to pick up their school lift in the valley, and return the same way at night. And on playgroup days I had to do the same with a toddler at my side and a baby on my back.
We started hanging out, again.
Lycos dropped the term “tattoos” from it’s Poll because the term was so popular. According to Lycos, tattoos rarely drops out of the top ten search terms requested on the Internet and Lycos dropped the term because they wanted to make room for other searches.
But my friends ARE snow birds. I just have to get used to having snow bird friends.
I’m a Cojean addict. I like lunching at this clean little chain that makes good soup, salads and pressed sandwiches. I like going by myself and reading whatever French fashion or travel magazine is on hand and having my sandwich toasté and taking my little mid-day break.
He laughed, “But I only have eyes for you, remember.” As he sat down, he was treated to the full force of her dazzling smile, and she moved to snuggle close to him.
But the rest? I love.
Talk about falling off a cliff… my best friend, one of the loves of my life, the sweetest and most caring people I know has a tumor the size of a cantaloupe. However, knowing she is also falling off a cliff I grasp for a ledge and reach out to catch her. At this point her mom was in California on a vacation enjoying herself (which she never gets to do); her boyfriend in Kentucky 3 hours away; and Granpa in Florida 10 hours away. So I know, regardless of how much I want to fall apart… I can’t. She needs me to be strong.
Even if you can't come to an event with me this weekend, I want to share an image that you can color for yourself.
They cannot forever live in never-never land with rising prices and collapsing sales. There are many shoes that will drop, bringing back the Global Financial Crisis with a vengeance. Commodities crash, default by a Euro periphery nation, failure of a Euro bank, or the closure of Bank of America or Citi. All of these are likely events, less than one standard deviation from the mean; probably all of them will happen within the next year. No matter what the triggering event is, that commodities nuclear winter will happen.
Mom's Mac & Cheese and Wings - September 21
So back in February, I mentioned that I purchased parts to build a mash tun as Muckney Brewing's first step toward all grain. Well, this evening, after a quick trip to the hardware store, I finally finished building what I've affectionately dubbed "Mashie" (I'm still working on the name). Mashie has a capacity of 12 gallons and should easily do 10 gallon batches. For a lautering device, I've employed a steel braid by connecting both ends to a T-junction with barbed hose fittings and high-temp resistant zip ties.
Thu 11th August PUGWASH
